CJ WE GOTTA GET BACK TO THE HOODahemA word of warning Rockstar has changed the Steam version of San Andreas from its original release. It has native Xbox controller support and higherfidelity graphics on par with the 2014 rerelease, but also less resolution options, less music tracks checkfor a list of what was removed and breaks some old saves. You can find information on unofficial fixes. Gamers Steam reviews, as always when things change in any way, are taking Rockstar to task over this. Not that they dont have a point, but still.Anyway.San Andreas is the fifth game in the Grand Theft Auto series, released in 2004. Youve probably heard of the series if youre browsing this website, but if you havent its basically an openworld crime simulator that also lets you simulate lowrent gangster movies. This particular release has somewhat clunky controls and the graphics were bad even when it came out, if still charming in their own way.But I ultimately think San Andreas is the best game in the series, and not just because it has the most to do. Grand Theft Auto V is technically higher on the fun scale with superior gameplay, superior graphics and more optional side activities its certainly fun to play. The titlesSA are really more valuable as gaming history, since they were even more janky  limited, and even more cliched, than SA. And while SA is a functional game that absolutely has its charm  Im partial to its pastiche of the 90s myself  thats not the main reason Im saying its the best.No, my reasoning has to do with the story and the tone. GTA Vs story is interesting enough in a doofy crime capers way, but the tone of that game is ultimately aggressively nihilistic and uncaring about almost anything within itself. Not to say these elements arent present in San Andreas, but theyre not nearly as strong or disheartening here.GTA IV is better in this regard, Id say, but its not off the hook. It tried to be more serious, and while it made strides in that direction, the weight of its openworld gameplay ambitions ultimately hamstrung its story. I didnt mind its more muted tone, realistic driving and lack of cheat codes for the base game anyway, but theres no getting around the fact that having a main character who bemoans the atrocities of the Balkan Wars he survived but is perfectly able to wantonly run over pedestrians is...odd. The final act of the story resembling a cheap mafia film didnt exactly help either.San Andreas, by contrast, doesnt just exist primarily to poke fun at American society so much as it tries to tell a story about a West Coast gangbanger with a heart of gold, trying to do right for his lowerclass neighborhood, family and gang within the moral construct and repressive society he was born and raised in. Its ultimately more genuine than V because it cares enough about its characters not to utterly derail itself every time the game displays pathos for them. Its also not selfimportant enough to pretend that it wouldnt be a bad thing if itdo that. Perhaps most importantly, its selfaware enough not to be stonyfaced at every turn it takes.The characters themselves might not be particularly more savory, and certainly theres stereotypical/exaggerated behavior going on, but at least SA doesnt furiously punch in every direction or practically flash LAUGH AT THESE SAD LOSERS WHO ARE ALSO YOU, LOSER on the screen every time you see them interact with each other.Not that this game is a literary masterpiece by any means, but its the closest the series has come to that level. And while GTA IV was also trying to operate on the same level, albeit with its own direction and its own flaws, V was just a step back in this regard. Theres always been puerile satire of society and voyeuristic displays of women in the 3D GTA games, including in San Andreas, and its always gotten disheartening if you played for long enough, but SA...isnt quite as bad in this regard, I feel. Theres enough determination and hope in the story for the game not to crash and burn at least, although its long enough that it does drag in parts.I still resent whenever the game shoves boobs, sexy wimmins and other seriesstandard female objectification in my face without comment, of course. Nothing is perfect. I also think its still a bit weird that CJ comes across as a pretty decent dude, perhaps the most good in the series, trying to do what he can and make the best of a pretty bad situation, and yet the game still gives you the option to go on classic GTA rampages.Maybe theres something to be said for the tension between openworld game structure and any semblance of a plot. Whatever the case may be, San Andreas doesnt gel perfectly. GTA IV suffered from this problem too, and both games  hell, pretty much the entire series  also suffer from a number of frustrating missions. Following a damn train was never so difficult.The game world is obviously not as realistic as Vs due to the technological constraints of 2004, which means that the game isnt trying to sell itself as a perfect graphical model of Real Life thats fatally flawed by crazy AI behavior. The game looks enoughthat its notas jarring when something insane happens on the street next to you. San Andreas modding support is at least better than Vs, and I say this because I couldnt find anywhere else in the review to stick it.Honestly, I dont know if Id call this one of the best games ever made, but I think its still a classic in its genre. Pick it up if its on sale and youre interested.