Real life isnt real, GTASA is real life!  This game will improve your real life gangsta skills!  I purchased GTASA and listed it on my application for my local street gang and voila! I became a lowlevel gang member risking years of imprisonment for less than minimumwage!  Life is so great now!The fo rizzle review  Its a good game.  Graphics are obviously dated, but honestly not that bad considering when this was made.  Install some of the graphics enhancement mods and its even better.  There is no firstperson, only third driving has a bumper view.  Controls can be a little wonky at times, but again, thats to be expected for an old game and it does not take anything away from the overall experience.Some people experience a bug where the character moves forward constantly.  A few found the problem to be a virtual controller in the Device Manager to be the cause  disabling should solve that.  Look to the forums for a detailed solution.  All I had to do was unplug my joystick and steeringwheel.  Either way, easy fix.Basically youre a gangster who does gangster things  kill, rob, drivebys, etc.  You run with the GroveStreet gang while gaining respect and moving up the ranks.  At some point, youll be able to control territories and expand your gangs influence while defending the turf you have.  There is a decent story line which I wont go into, along with multiple girlfriends you can date if you choose to.  Rival gangs chase and shoot at you police chase you after committing crimes paint your car to lose your wanted status or simply hide out and wait for it to go away.  If youve played other GTA titles, then its all very familiar.I played this as a kid and it brought back good memories.  There are a couple of software updates/mods youll want to install to make the game run better.  To play higher resolutions ex. 1980x1280, etc., youll definitely need these updates/mods  simple to install.  They can be found on others reviews.Purchased during the July 4th sale around 3.00 and well worth it!  Rated 8/10 stars.