Theres something interesting about Rockstar. They dont make good games of the time, they make GOOD GAMES. Sure, theres so much to do on GTA V, but Im talking about San Andreas and not V, arguably the best game in the 3D Universe. If you want the short version, I highly recommend GTA San Andreas for its story, tight gameplay, OST, and even its slightly dated visuals. But if you want to hear more, keep reading.NO SPOILERSGTA San Andreas follows of the story of Carl Johnson AKA CJ returning to his home of Los Santos, San Andreas, after speding five years getting clean in Liberty City. However, CJ returns to a corrupt city with nearly his entire gang gone, with only his brother Big Smoke accepting his return. Now, its your job to restore the Grove Street Families place as the big gang. The plot and story are absolutely fantastic, with compelling characters, interesting ideas, and all around solid tale.GTA San Andreas, on the PC, has realllllllllllllllllllllly good gameplay. Its tight, fast, and feels smooth, like how it was almost meant to be played. The gunplay is well done and the driving/walking are very comparable to even V, for its time of course. You can see so much of a prelude to V in SAs mechanics, which are improved upon from III and VC. For example, like in VC you can buy and manage property, change your clothes, and eat for food. However, it is all improved upon here. Eating not only restores your health, but may make you gain weight, meaing you have to keep track of what you eat and how often. You can train yourself, something that was first introduced here, which can help increase your pedalling, melee, etc. In addition, changing clothes is far more improved than in VC, with you being able to fully customize what CJ wears, instead of some pre selected outfits. All this and more make for a lot to do in the game besides the main story.The OST is pretty good. Like other GTA games, theres a large variety for all types of music lovers, but the game carries a very rapheavy theme to tie into the Gang violence in the story. Plus, while the map/textures arent BAD, the models havent aged all to well, but thats nothing a mod cant fix. Speaking of mods, check out the SA multiplayer mod to really amp up the experience.In conclusion, GTA SA, is still an incredible masterpiece of a title and I would highly recommend it to any fan of the franchise,9/10 