It is always a great surprise when one considers the original Grand Theft Auto and compares it to the three games that have appeared since 2001. Even if GTA 3 was in many ways a sleeper hit, fans of the franchise always knew the potential that the games could have when they would make their translation to 3D. GTA San Andreas confirms these sentiments and manages to please every adept to the series by presenting them with a game that is an evolution of the previous two in every respect.Let us address all technical issues right off the bat concerning this game. GTA San Andreas does not use a brand new graphics engine and does not revolutionize its sound scheme very much but it clearly shows that its previous 3D instances were inferior in terms of graphics and performance. The game features a superior drawing distance that is only occasionally frustrating when flying aircraft instead of almost always being frustrating at high speeds. One of the trivial, yet noticeable things that one may call to your attention is the fact that car engines are now more detailed, so when you are driving around with a bustedup car youll notice the engine is more visible instead of just being a conglomerate of grayish textures. These little differences are present in almost every aspect of the game and in the end do make a difference in the overall visual experience you may have with the game.The soundtrack and sound effects in the game remain very wellexecuted even if the music in the various radio stations seems to be the weakest of all 3D showings, not just because of a personal choice, but because the variety and originality of previous radio stations is not that present anymore the DJs do not seem as lively and the commercials are not as witty anymore. This is of course a relative judgment, the overall quality of the soundtrack is still great and to balance this weakness is a plethora of wellexecuted sound effects and a vast repertoire of ingame speech. CJ, the main character, can now respond to the most inane accusations or compliments made by the most inane of pedestrians, his voice acting being one of the most solid performances in video gaming to date. This area is where the game surpasses its predecessors by far every major character in the game has a definite personality, and some of them could become quasiicons in videogame storytelling like Toreno, voiced by James Woods.With these technical issues out of the way the games substance is rich, concentrated, and perhaps too much to handle for some of us. The depth of the games story and sidequests are reminiscent to an action RPG, yet it still remains a pure action game. The main character now has a variety of stats to build up and see to in order to progress in the game things like lung capacity may keep you from entering a main mission and flying or cycling skills may keep you from entering a sidequest. These small considerations never do detract from what has always been an action game at its core, and one is still able to roam the vast world and do nearly everything one wishes to regardless of plot consequences.This time around, the world is huge three full cities of roughly the size of Liberty City in the 2001 game populate the map, together with some very well defined countryside landscapes. This last last word seems crucial to grasp the overall feel of the game every geographical area has its own personality and manages to fully immerse you in the gameworld. Evry major city has a drastically different feel, every countryside has its own pride, if you will, and it shows whenever you travel through them.If this were the only saving grace of any given game, it would perhaps suffice, but GTA San Andreas has way more to offer. In terms of its plot only, the game does an amazing job in storytelling and progression in terms of gameplay, it makes your experience a lot easier and more pleasant by implementing a more or less foolproof targetting system that avoids the frustration of Vice City and GTA 3. The game also has dozens of vehicles that roam the seas, land and air in the gameworld and only get better as your skills get better, It is impossible not to recommend this game to any fan of the series and very hard to discourage mature enough gamers to pick this title among hundreds of possibilities within the same genre. The gaming experience they will have will be invariably gratifying.