Update 111114 Still an amazing game, but I can no longer recommend the Steam version. Rockstar has recently patched the game to remove unlicensed songs and other things necessary in the game. This is completely unacceptable and prepatch buyers should have the right to play the original game as it was intended before the changes were made. A company as big as Rockstar should have more than enough money to relicense the music anyway.Playing this game again after so many years reminded me of why I loved the GTA series in the first place but it also made me realize whats missing from games today.I was hyped when GTA IV was first announced, but when I finally had the chance to play it I quickly got bored after a few hours. Sure, getting drunk was interesting but where was the fun? Everywhere I look I see the defenders talking about graphics. Really, graphics? Thats what makes a game great? Sorry, but I dont play games because they look nice. I play them because they are fun. And when you take out the funfactor, I lose all interest. There are some pretty sharplooking video games out there. But if their only purpose was to look good, I would rather go to an art museum. Theres nothing wrong with good graphics, mind you, but I want something I can sink my claws into.GTA San Andreas was, in my opinion, the last worthy installment in the GTA franchise. The new ones dont even come close. Its a perfect example of how a game can both look amazing and play great. Its also a sad reminder of what used to be a cool genre and why we all loved playing it and why the new games just pale in comparison. The scope of San Andreas is so vast and has so much to do that completing it 100 is akin to resolving an epic life journey. Finding the Holy Grail would be easier, but you wouldnt have this much fun doing it.Theres so many things you can do in this game that I cannot list them all without accidentally leaving something out. Ill give it a try nonetheless. There are the usual vehicle missions that became a staple in GTA including police car, taxi cab, ambulance and firetruck missions. In addition to these, there are truck driver, pizza boy, and home burlary missions. Theres also arcade games, marathons, auto races, gang wars, drivebys, gambling, billiards, character and car customization, girlfriends, swimming, weightlifting, exercising, skydiving, and flying.An extremely long story campaign takes the player to three sprawling districts that were fashioned after major American cities. These are seperated between vast areas of highway, desert and wilderness. All of this provides unlimited exploration for the hundreds of collectables that are hidden on the rooftops, back alleys, or under the waters of the game world. Countless drivable vehicles are also scattered throughout the streets and parking lots. Theres so many things that you can pilot or drive that I havent found them all. The world of San Andreas is so impressive that it even has its own set of urban legends. Witnesses and myth debunkers often argue about the sightings of Bigfoot and UFOs.When I first played this game many many years ago I became very fond of the bicycle. I would spend long nights just riding my bike around San Andreas and practicing stunts in the Los Santos skateboard park. If I got bored of that I would drive cross country in a stolen car listening to the golden oldies and laughing at the crude humor of the DJs. This is all I would do for hours upon hours. Eventually I would get around to completing the main storyline and the endless side missions, but I will never forget how much fun I had just cruising around in a car or on a bike. Can I say this much about any other game? No I cannot and sadly, I doubt to be able to again. The fact that this game is still being played and replayed after all these years is a true testament to its longevity and why modern developers should take a flippin hint on what makes a game fun.