San Andreas is the game that defines the entire GTA franchise. With three and Vice City, this game game helps form the so called GTA3 Trilogy. If compared to the Man with No Name Trilogy, this one is The Good, The Bad,  the Ugly. The game is another prequel game this time set in the year 1992, six years after Vice City and nine years prior to GTA3. The main protagnogist is Carl Johnson an African American gang member who after residing in Liberty City for five years he returns home to the city of Los Santos a parody of Los Angeles. Upon returning home, he discovers that friends and family were killed off by rival gangs that have taken over the city. To prevent things from getting worse, Carl must gather up the remaining members of his gang and gain alliances with crooked yet reliable individuals in order to make thing right again in Los Santos. This game is more personal than the previous two games, there is still a theme of revenge except Carl Johnson lost family members to the homicide of rival gangs. Loosing people dear to you can cause you to undergoe dramatic stress and youd see to it that justice is served. If the film Boyz n the Hood was focused on vengence then this game represents that what if idea. The graphics are once again improved and there is more detail in the characters and locations. The choice of weapons and vehicles have increased, bikes are now a new choice of transportation. The ability to change clothing is a big improvement, now you can select different articles of clothes and when ever you die and respawn, the clothes you currently wear remain on you until you decided to change your clothes. All of the obtain clothes are found in safe houses insteado f being scattered throughout the game. The thing I like the most is that this is the first GTA game where you can customize the body mass and hair styles of the main protagnogist of the game. The landscape of San Andreas is vast and large, Liberty City is like a mini mart compared to San Andreas which has various terrain to travel upon. With so many pros there is very little cons present in this game. All of the cons in the older games were improved like being able to swim and jumping over fences helps out in a lot of situations. The only cons are the plane controls and gang member recruiting command were a little off. But I was able to ignore those issues as this game was loads of fun. San Andreas would leave a lasting impression to both the gaming industry and culture itself. The characters are great and the casting of an all star cast of actorsincluding THE Samuel L. Jackson prooves that games can be like an alternate movie experience. Out of the whole GTA3 trilogy this game is no doubt the best of the series. A game you should not ignore upon playing classic third person shooter games.