San Andreas is a third game in 3D Universe which was heavily based on reallife events such as rivalry between Crips, Bloods and Hispanic gangs, crack epidemic, Los Angeles riots and severe police misconduct in LAPD which involved unprovoked beatings and shootings, stealing and dealing narcotics, planting of false evidence, frameups and bank robbery. It is one of the rare games that features black character as main protagonist. Besides San Andreas, I can only remember that The Suffering and GTA V did it.Map is almost four times bigger than its predecessor, and consists of 3 big urban areas Los Santos, San Fierro and Las Venturas which are inspired by Los Angeles, San Francisco and Las Vegas respectively. Countryside in game effectively serves as a 4th area due to its large size and diversity. There are many recognizable landmarks which are named different such as Area 51, Hollywood sign, Hoover Dam, Golden Gate bridge and many others.You play as Carl CJ Johnson, who returns to Las Santos after spending five years in Liberty City when he hears about his mothers murder. He finds his life very hard immediately upon arriving. Relationship with his brother Sweet is cold since he accuses him of leaving the family and friends. Crack addiction has affected many in his neighbourhood, and on top of that he gets on Frank Tenpennys radar, a corrupt LAPD C.R.A.S.H. officer. Situation is grim, and he decides to rejoin his former gang, to get brothers approval and help making things better.Whole getto vibe and jargon are omnipresent, they are delivered through excellently written dialogs and voice acting. Besides CJs Groove Street Families, other gangs include their arch enemies Ballas, Vagos and later in the game Vietnamese Da Nang Boys, Triads, Russians and three families of Italian Mafia.Gang wars becomes a thing later in the game when you need to defend your territory when enemy gang tries to take over. If you successfully do it, members of your gang will hang out in the area, and you can recruit them for helping you in missions. Stealth elements are also incorporated from Rockstars previous game Manhunt there are couple of missions which were specifically made with stealth in mind.Roleplaying elements are new part of the series. You can visit the gym and learn handtohand combat, work on your stamina by running or driving bike and build up your muscles by lifting weights. It has effect on your appearance which is important because you can date girls, and not all of them love the same thing. Muscles will open you a way to some of them, while others wont appreciate it at all, so youll have to visit fast food restaurant to gain some fat. You can customize your looking by getting different haircuts, clothes, jewellry and tattoos.RPG elements that have effect on the gameplay are in driving and handling firearms. The more you drive certain type of vehicle or use specific weapon, the more you excel at it.Swimming and diving are also introduced, so you dont have to be afraid of water anymore. You can even pilot a plane after acquiring license for it. Bicycle, offroad vehicles such as tractors and combine harvesters, even jetpack and using parachutes are now on the table. There are driving, bike, boat and pilot schools which will help you learn many tricks.For those who love to hunt for hidden stuff, there is a plethora of it. Original 100 hidden packages are replaced with spray paint tags, but in addition to them there are hidden camera shots, horseshoes and oysters which will keep you preoccupied.My favorite side activities in the game were definitely street races and trucker missions. There are over twenty street races and they include cars, bikes and aircrafts. You are given specific vehicle for each of them and you compete against 5 AI opponents. They are absent in aircraft races, they just consist of getting through checkpoints in a certain amount of time.Eight trucking missions are separated into three types delivering cargo within certain time limit, delivering illegal cargo whilst being pursued by a police with a three or four star rating and delivering a fragile cargo without damaging it. There are eight missions in total that successively become harder by having tighter time limits, stronger police attention or easily damaged cargo, all that by covering larger areas to reach destination. Last two missions are combination of fragile and timed objects as well as police attention, and can be quite challenging.There are 11 radio stations in the game with over 10 hours of material. My favovite one is WCTR Rockstar is always spot on with satire used in talk shows and advertisements, laughing is therefore guaranteed.Voice cast lineup is led by phenomenal Samuel L. Jackson who gives voice to main antagonist. William Fichtner and Danny Dyer reprise their roles from Vice City as Ken Rosenberg and Kent Paul, while the rest of the cast include James Woods, David Cross, Peter Fonda, Wil Wheaton and many famous rappers.Game has sold over 27 million copies by 2011 and remains bestselling PS2 game of all time. It has been remastered and ported to many other platforms. It is the last game in 3D Universe, Rockstar launched a new canon HD Universe with GTA IV and GTA V.