Preface I have played this game with the v1.0 downgrader, SilentPatch, imfast/ASI Fast Loader, and the GInput SA mods. If you are having problems getting the game to run on modern hardware, try at least the downgrader and SilentPatch to fix your game. Also, the reason my playtime says 8 minutes is I was running all the patches through the install directory, not Steam.GTA SA has been a long time favorite game of mine. Compared to previous openworld games, the landscape for this title was HUGE. It still feels pretty huge to this day. It is chock full of interesting characters, missions, story, and gameplay. It almost feels like it goes on a little too long with the main story sidetracking, but ultimately reels it in quickly at the end. Back when I first played this game like 10 years ago, I probably easily put 3040 hours into the main missions and doing all the extras trying to 100. This most recent playthrough, I feel like I definitely put another 2030 hours into the main missions and fewer extra missions. If you are the type of person to 100 games, this one will keep you busy for a while. The bang for your buck with this game is incredible, especially if you were to get it during a sale for like 3 or less.As much as I gush about the gameplay and how fun this game is for the most part, I would be remiss to mention the final part of the final mission is still garbage to this day. Rockstar had and, I think in a couple of cases with recent GTAs, has a problem with making the final mission so grandiose it breaks the game. Needing to catch people falling off of transports with cryptic instructions and uncertain landing zones is garbage, most particularly when the price is having to repeat the same 23 minutes of easy gameplay to try the obnoxious 10 second part over again. Ive had this character you need to catch bounce out of my car, fly over it, you name it. Considering this is the conclusion to an otherwise amazingly fun game, it really leaves a bad taste in my mouth. Not enough that I wouldnt recommend the game  just so that you know when you get to it, you are not alone in quitting early and just looking up the ending on YouTube. Its so badly executed it seems bugged and maybe was patched out in later versions that are kind of broken/unmoddable now.....