So I had this game back when it came out on the PS2, the story is compelling, makes you feel like youre really in the game!Being a gangster thrown back into the game was very appealing to me as you struggle to regain your lost territory of the Grove Street Families.  As I progressed through the story there is a lot going on, from working on the streets, getting in touch with your family and gaining new friends, to working with corrupt cops from your past.    The amount of plot twists is awesome, although the story is linear, it seems like youre really in control of what goes on.Unlocking new weapons, upgrading your stats i.e getting buff at the gym or eating till your puke is very fun and is entertaining until you end up just button mashing...  Thats the only complaint i like key combos like the low rider challenges you do which really was awesome.  The city to city transition was very smooth and had purpose.There is alot of land to explore, many new things to do and alot of things besides the main story to do.  I mean i enjoyed just flying from place to place and checking out easter eggs!There are many  I seriously recommend this game to all those who are looking to buy.   I have one FREE copy of the game if anyone fully reads this PM me, first come first serve.But im not done yet.MODDINGA revolution is modding has made history in the modding/gaming world for PC.  This game is the most moddable besides Crysis!  Not only can you change the textures of vehicles or people.  You can create a whole new world to your design.   They have total conversions availiable on the web including ones that change SA to Liberty City and combine all three locations from VIce City  San Andreas  Liberty City!But wait!  Theres more!!!!MULTIPLAYER!!!When I heard of multiplayer on the game from one of my friends, I went to a former friends house whom i knew had a copy of this game and I stole it out of his garageDont worry, he never missed it anyways.  I hurried with the install and went online and searched for San Andreas Multiplayer and came to find out in 09 that there were tens to hundreds of thousands of people online.   I went and downloaded it and found the GamerX freeroam/stunt server and connected to it.  There was now infinitely possible things to do!    From Roleplaying, Stunts, Missions, to Freeroam, Drifting, Events, Team Deathmatches and sometimes just one server will have it all!!  SAMP has changed the way players play and has increased sales from Rockstar to an unimaginable number! Why do you think its still 15So should you buy this game?Well youre Fcking 9 years late you stingy s.11/10 Would come back to San Andreas again.Still better multiplayer that GTAO.