By its impact and overall features complexity, the greatest Grand Theft Auto title ever made. Yeah, even after the GTA V PC release. Hows that, you may ask? Since when some junk based on the engine dated like 15 years away, is better than all the licked clean and glossy Euphoria engine stuff?Well, Euphoria is a good engine, sure, but not perfect. Its great with some physical effects, and all... But some things it cant do, while its competitors  can. Like when you need to exit the car and the doors are blocked, Euphoria still just respawns you outside the car. And Wei Shen from Sleeping Dogs will exit the car like he should  by smashing the front window with a kick and climbing out on the hood! And thats only one example! If you look around, youll find many cool options that Rockstar havent implied in their games, and thats really sad!But not when were talking about San Andreas. For its main selling point at the moment is obviously not the visuals or engine complexity. No, people, its all about the spirit, the mood that the game is providing. San Andreas  its a raging youth, a bit crazy but overmighty and unstoppable. GTA 4 and GTA 5  are quite different, and much more grim and unattractive by the same basis  the mood games providing. Yeah, Luiz from the ballad of Gay Tony  and Franklin from GTA V are slightly more cheerful guys youll might even roll with someday... But Niko Bellic, Johnny Klebitz, Michael and Trevor  especially Trevor  theyre all so horrid guys that I wouldnt like to walk the same road with. And its the same thing as with the character from Mafia 1 in comparison with characters from Mafia 2  3! I just dont like those guys, I dont feel compassion for them  so I dont like to help them with sorting out their troubles, and so on.So there is the thing why San Andreas is better than GTA V. Compassion. Sympathy. Carl Johnson, being just the same mass murdering criminal as the whole other bunch of Rockstar characters, is still a better person to hang out with.And, talking about the technical side, San Andreas even by the year of 2004 is tremendously big game. Ive played it in 2005, in 2008, in 2011 and only the 4th time through Ive found the triathlon event there. Stunning feeling.So, my mark is obvious 10/10, and not of some nostalgia, but just as the feeling after Ive made it through GTA V, which Ill mark lower. Peace, people. 