If I recall, San Andreas was one of the first games I ever completed, due to having an older brother, I basically grew up playing the likes of GTA, Halo and some other games. This is in my opinion and will always be the greatest game of all time.Story Great, so great I dont want to spoil it one bit. Play through this game for story alone.Missions The missions are a blast some of them literally to go through, I think the only missions that are not enjoyable in this game would have to be the RC drone missions, because they are just frustration to control, other than that though, I cant think of a single mission that made dislike playing the game.Gameplay Apart from precise aiming which for some reason it is quite hard to do in San Andreas, the gameplay is well done, it is easy to switch between for example GTA V and GTA San Andreas, the gameplay is quite similar definitely not technically in a lot of ways.World Design I think the world in San Andreas is great, my favourite openworld by far. Youve got Los Santos, which is everything from docks, to the hood, to downtown, Vinewood hills, tries to imitate Los Angeles. Then you have The Country as I like to call it which connects Los Santos to San Fierro and Las Venturas, filled with little towns, a giant mountain, rivers and a couple of forests/farms. San Fierro, mostly downtown and housing areas along with the docks, tries to imitate San Fransisco. Then finally, Las Venturas, much like its real life counter part Las Vegas has the city, with the strip. There is also desert surrounding it, with a military base, a quarry, a couple little towns, massive hills, airfields and all sorts to explore. Because of the variety of locations in this game I think it is great.Mod Support If youve played through the main game quite a few times like me, you may find the game to get just a little bit repetitive, or maybe you just wanna spice things up a little. There is a lot of mods for this game, ranging from graphics mods, retextures and all that to mods that make you into Superman, Naruto or Goku from Dragonball Z. San Andreas mod community is still active and massive.Multiplayer Mods Even if you typically dont like GTA games, San Andreas Multiplayer SAMP or Multi Theft Auto MTA may be the mods for you! I personally believe that SAMP is better than MTA but that is only because Ive played more of it. Technically MTA is better because it allows server owners to make mods server side meaning that no one will have issues with installing map packs or anything. I feel like SAMP is just a lot more friendly in terms of UI and it is easier to just jump in and play rather than MTA which is a lot harder to get into and a lot more time consuming. I often play SAMP to play the roleplay server, Los Santos Roleplay LSRP for short. But SAMP and MTA both offer freeroam, DM, Cops and Robbers and other gamemodes. Between the two mods roughly 1,000,000 people play monthly. The mods were at their peak a couple of years ago but still many people play them.Overall I think you should get this game, it is amazing, my favourite game of all time.