I have spent quite a bit of time listening to people talk about how great this game was.  Prety much from the time of its release many of my friends told me about how much fun it was.  Myself I cannot get past how awful the controlls are, and perhaps thats just a sign of a bad port to PC.  For a game that spends so much time driving youd think the cars would be drivable, but the driving in this game is laughable.  Its more frustration than anything else, only being usable due to the lack of other cars on the road.  Most of the time the road either in your lane or oncomming trafic is clear so you dont have to worry about room to drive.  If you do happen to bump something the pinball collision bumpers will engage and through you completely off course, even if its low speed bump against a light pole on your rear you may be sent spinning...The on foot controlls are just as bad, most especialy the combat.  Being another major factor in the game play the guns and melee combat are horribly underdeveloped.  Aiming a gun using the mouse is clunky and less responsive than the original Doom.  The melee is just as bad making the melee in Morowind look like and advaced hand to hand combat simulator.In several quest mandatory minigames I was left high and dry to figure out the controlls, and even worse durring at least one quest Cesar Vialpando the controlls were reversed to what the on screen prompts asked for.One of the most frustrating things about this game is the save system.  In order to save a game you must return to your safe house... no mater how far away that safe house is.  It is simply absurd that there was not an option to save on the spot even if loading a save spawned the character at the safe house being forced to return there any tiem you want to save means that saving your progress could take five minutes or more.  Saving should not be an exercise in patience.Finally, a big disapointment for me was the lack of anything interesting to do or see outside of listening to the radio and missions.  The city is very large, and well designed.  Driving around however it is just a bunch of buildings you cant enter  with NPCs milling about.  Occasionally you might hear a snip of conversation that may make you chuckle but the city is quite dull... whats the point of an open world sand box if there isnt anything to do.I found this game to be a little ore than a struggle against the controlls with little to speak for it other than a beautifull, static city