If you purchase this game, it is advised to downgrade your game so you can install mods and overall have a better version of the game. The Steam version SUCKS.I remember when I was a young lad and I used to go over to a friends house. He had this game and we would spend hours just screwing around killing random people to see how high of a wanted level we could get. The cheats were so fun to use during that time and like everyone else we would write them down on paper and keep it inside the game case. Those were amazing times.About a few years later when I was in middle school, a different friend and I would take turns playing through the story, just as a race to see who could beat it the fastest. He won because I got the Mad Dogg glitch, because I used a ton of cheat codes and it caused the glitch to happen. Though I still restarted the story and finally beat it myself. I sped through the story and still had an amazing time with it, I loved everything about it. All the characters were very memorable, and the protagonist was somehow really relatable.Recently I have played through the story indepth, and I see how much effort Rockstar put into this game, and all the ambition and thought they put into this game. I have a special bias to it because it was a part of my childhood, and one of the few games I enjoy just as much as I did when I used to play it. It was basically Vice City and GTA III polished completely and designed to be timeless. It is the best sandbox experience that GTA offered in the 3D universe. You could blow through the story and still have dozens, if not, hundreds of hours of fun after the game was over. Even after 100ing the game. The 3d universe singlehandedly inspired so many games and pioneered the way people do open world action games. I think this was the biggest reason for it.All those hundreds of hours do not factor in mods, which San Andreas has one of the most active communities for. You can find pretty much anything to mod into your game, and there is even multiplayer modes which make the game more versatile. Vehicle mods for those who want more immersion, and map mods so you dont have to be limited to just San Andreas. The possibilities are completely endless with this game, and thats why it attracts so many people who want to play this for different reasons. Games dream of becoming this well recieved, and Rockstar has done it here. Not just here, but in every generation since the PS2. This game is virtually perfect, whatever flaws it has, they go completely over my head when I play this. It is one of my favorite games.Like I say though, the Steam version is trash. Downgrade it. There is a special tool that does it for you, just make sure to back your saves up, and redownload the game so you have a fresh copy. You can thank me later, it will help you so much.