Im going to start off by saying, that I did not grow up with this game like many other people here did. My parents thought it was way too innapropriate for children to be playing. After playing it, I completely agree. It is extremely violent, full of sexual content, drugs, and language. If I had been allowed to play it when it came out, I would have probably called a lot of people the nword, thinking it was like calling someone dude or bro, which wouldnt be a good thing, living in a place like San Diego, which has a very diverse community.But, it is an excellent game. Really, one of the best games I have played in a long time. The controls were great for the most part. It feels really solid, especially after hearing that driving controls are usually terrible on PC games.And then theres the story. Holy I am a  for a good story, and man, am I a  for this games story. You have love, betrayal, family, all the key elements to a dramatic story. And the characters are just great to. I am not a gang member, never have, never will, yet I felt like I could relate to these characters on some level.I only have three complaints with this game1 You lose your weapons when you die or are arrested. After a few missions, I just started saving before each mission, and reloading when I died, so Id have all of my weapons back. Im a GTA noob, give me a break!2 I feel like it dragged on a bit too long. I feel like there were too many missions that didnt affect the story. It boiled down to too many missions of CJ, go do this illegal thing for me! Do I really need a bunch of missions that are, more or less, the same thing, with no effect on the story?3 The flying controls are complete They are a massive pain in the neck. Im not sure if they work better on a console, but with a mouse and keyboard, they suck. Hopefully, they will figure them out when GTA5 comes to PC.All in all, this is a masterful piece of art. I would give it a 9/10. The only reason it doesnt get a full ten, is those three reasons up there. Hell, Id probably give it full points if the only complaint was reason number 2.