GRAND THEFT AUTO SAN ANDREASThe main missionIn SanAndreas the main plot became more linear, ie for example in ViceCity you could choose what mission you go first, here this choice is not just goes by almost no time, there is always only one choice. But there are also secondary missions, its just a mission, neobezatelno run, can bring you some amount of money or weapons. I want to warn that THEY DISAPPEAR !!! for example you have a mission, there is an additional, decided to perform the Foundation, fulfilled, additional disappeared, so if you really want to experience the whole SA 100 the extra pass of the mission is given the opportunity.Its time to choose a weapon..Weapons in SanAndreas is one of the most important moments. What do you think what it is ??? of course for the murders. You will always be a choice, to bring your favorite sixgun or take a small and compact treatment of the ultrasound, in some missions, your 6xbarrel machine gun will simply be nowhere to go, and in some missions without it is better not to go. Unforgettable that you will not be able to take as many weapons, vprintsape as usual, ie one type of gun, machine, etc BUT in the game you have your physical form and if you are the last distrofan something about the sixbarreled machine gun you can only dream of. In SA shops or just in the underground shelves, you can buy different types of weapons. The most unusual gun I believe a gun with a silencer, this gun is for silent actions, such as when you Rob a house and want to be the owner of this home already never woke up. In Russian docks you can buy miniSMGs one of the strongest guns in the gameFlight schoolWe all remember the plane in GTA III ? of course remember, remember all those sweet times, when everyone was trying as much as possible to stay in the air and it wasnt easy. In ViceCity the problem with the complexity of flight has been solved, you could very easy to fly, almost not nobregas. What in SA ??? start with the fact that now you will have not a Dodo or Skimmer but you will have plenty of new planes !!! ranging from maize to passenger aircraft. Control of the aircraft is not subjected to large izmeneny, but appeared something new. For example, a device that shows your altitude, etc these really are on the aircraft , for more accurate navigation Rockstar came up with a more accurate alignment using the buttons L2, R2. After a short training youll be one just the coolest pilot around SA. Each plane has its own physics, for example on the plane you will very quickly and easily validate, but if you have some kind of Boeing you have papatel...Forbidden heavensEveryone remembers that in ViceCity, you can take off wasnt high... This error was corrected SanAndreas because here you will be able to uslatest to the heavens and go even HIGHER !!! You will be able to szletes really HIGH, but it can take quite a long time because if you will fly by helicopter and just clamped up something to climb vertically that you need 30 seconds of REAL time... can you imagine how long it is. but if we descend to zemlyu. Use your stairs as if scalabilities on them and continue your journey further.High, high...CJ in General in fact dont know how to use a parachute and he doesnt have the license for it. But think about it why do we need rules ? of course that would break them !!! The parachute you will be able to find in LosSantose on the coneshaped building on the TransAmerica in San Fierro on the big skyscraper. Something to climb on any building you just need to come to the door. Well, what else remains to do ??? to run very fast !!! and JUMP !!! YES YES YES !!! And here you are flying and you are thinking... hmm... have we forgotten anything ??? how strange... YES, we forgot verevochku which will activate your parachute !!! Oh too late you already fell youre already dead... Onetime my mistake...Look at the loveNovels in GTA III and ViceCity somehow netcallidus... the first time our hero is almost killed by his love, and in the second case, our hero is simply not even interested in Women. As concerns our CJ ??? Yes, he loves to Rob, kill, etc but he always has time for his lady. And you will not just spend 20 with s in cars, and it will be really true love. So what to do ??? here your love, she is interested you or you her... whats next ? How can you care for your girlfriend ??? its very simple... In the game there are so to speak a few MINIgames on this account. First you can just go somewhere to invite, to walk, to ride, to give her some gift, a compliment, etc you will Also be able to impress her with his dance abilities, all you need is to find the dance floor and dance it as best you can. You have to do everything for her, if she wants to eat you should take her to the diner, some girls dont want to go to a simple diner they want in a real RESTAURANT. You can just make a joke, or to agree or NOT to agree, of course it is better to agree if you dont want to lose touch with the girl. After a while it is very strong abilities, she requires a lot of attention, just once you did a mission to perform, and if you wont give her attention then shes just gonna leave you all... all over again... very gemoroyno classes... but the ending is worth it  There are at least 6 girls who are longing for a man like CJ. They are located in completely different places for example one of them to be the SanFierro driving school, the other in the gun shop. They are all different each has its own flavor, some plump tadalisa from Tolstikov, some from inflated impotent  That to win the heart of every you must be unique person. Dont forget to monitor their appearance, dress decently, also dont forget about physical form. If you one day will come fairly athletic, and the next day a little plump, your girl is neponravilsya. FLOWERS, FLOWERS... Yes Yes and flowers too, can give your girl, to find them you will be able in many places in SA, but SA is big and you can get lost, you can find them lengthwise of the track, near eateries and in many places. After taking the colors run to his beloved, that would give their beloved flowers hit tab and dont forget to press tab once again to get your reward.