This is, perhaps, the best GTA game in the history of the franchise. I think that pretty much anybody whos ever played GTA knows about this game, and Id dare to say that, in most cases, this is the one people remember the most. While the other games from the 3D era were pretty good as well Ill always have a soft spot for Vice City, which was my first GTA ever, this one takes the cake. Rather than being limited to a single city, like previous games or a bunch of cities divided in levels, like the original GTA, this ones set in an entire state, with three large cities Los Santos, San Fierro and Las Venturas, a bunch of small towns, and lots of countryside to explore.The game feels HUGE. And its not just a big map thats pretty much empty unless its a plotessential area. You can easily go around exploring and find places with great detail for the time that are completely irrelevant to the plot in fact, theres large areas of the map that youll never go to if you only focus on the story, and this includes some small towns. Still, theyre there, to make the world feel alive. When it comes to the main cities, theyre pretty good, and, again, theres lots of details here and there to make them feel like scaleddown versions of the real cities theyre based in.The gameplay is what youd expect from GTA. Theres shooting, theres carjacking, all the good ol GTA stuff. However, this game was the first in the series to introduce some lightRPG elements. Not only could you customize the way CJ looked by changing his clothes and haircut, but you could also make him fat, or have him train at the gym making him stronger and learning new combat moves. And his skill with vehicles and weapons could improve as well the more you used them. Theres also tons of side missions and activities besides the main plot, including the classic odd jobs like Vigilante on Paramedic, and a few new ones as well.The storyline of the game is great. It begins with CJ returning to the hood after 5 years, and, like many GTA games, its a story of working your way up from the bottom. However, what makes this one stand out in my opinion is that it isnt only about the rise of a powerful criminal, but its also about family and friendship. Pretty well written, with some serious moments, along with some great humour. Not to mention a lot of references and callbacks to previous games from the 3D era.The soundtrack, or rather the ingame radio stations are pretty good theres a wide variety of genres, and the actual soundtrack played during cutscenes and such is good as well. Not to mention that you can add your own music for the radio stations, so you can always listen to something you like while playing.Well, I think thats pretty much everything Ive got to say about GTASA. I really recommend it, as it is one of my favourite GTA games, and the one I played the most both on the PS2 and on PC. 