is a, and is the seventh title in theseries. It is the sequel toand the prequel toand. It was released on the same date as.is set in the fictional state of San Andreas.By far the largest and most complex playing field of any 3D Universe game,consists of three fullyrealized cities,and, and includes vast expanses of countryside, forests, a desert, and even a mountain and many hills. The game is centered around the return of Carl Johnson also known as CJ to his gang the Grove Street Families, and their subsequent return to power.is similarly structured to the previous two games in the series. The core gameplay consists of elements of thirdperson shooter and a driving game, affording the player a large, open environment in which to move around. On foot, the players character is capable of walking, running, swimming the firstgame in which diving and swimming without drowning is possible, limited climbing, and jumping, as well as using weapons and various forms of hand to hand combat. Players can operate a variety of vehicles, including automobiles, boats, airplanes, helicopters, trains, tanks, motorcycles, and bicycles. Players may also import vehicles rather than steal them.ismost customizable protagonist due to the possibility ingame to change his clothes, tattoos, hairstyle, and even his body mass in which he can be fat, skinny, or muscular. Later 3Dera games eliminated many of the customization, swimming, and climbing abilities enjoyed by. The ability to change body mass due to eating and exercise  or lack thereof  which requires ongoing maintenance until a certain collectables challenge is completed is as of 2017 unique toas it has not been attempted again with any further 3D or HDuniverse games.conducted massive amounts of research before developing the gangs of this primarily involved talking to DJ Pooh, Mister Cartoon, Estevan Oriol, and hundreds of other wellknown faces.Gangs play a much larger role inthan they did in.The number of gangs has increased. As well as having the large, dominating gangs, there are smaller, more local gangs.Generally, gangs cause a bit more trouble than they did in previous titles  toppling cars, crowding streets, and using various new methods of attack. In some areas of the map, the player is welcome, and in others, the player is not.gives the ability to take over areas of the map, and recruit new members into gangs to help and defend as bodyguards.Gang members are recognized by their clothing, tattoos, and hand signs. These are useful for two reasons it allows police to identify a gang set or victim, and it allows gang members to interact with one another. Each gang has its own territory, indicated by street warnings, wall graffiti, or simply violence. In Los Santos, two of the four gangs are split up into different sets. While not all sets get along, at least theres always plenty of backup available.CJ can recruit other members of his gang. The number of gang members he can recruit is based on CJs respect level, with the gamewide maximum number being seven. There is also a limitation of number of seats in a vehicle. A typical car can carry two to four people, whereas a coach or bus can hold all seven members.For buying me this masterpiece. Love you. Kisses. 3For making such an amazing game.For helping out with most of the review. 