Grand Theft Auto San Andreas is arguably the best in the series also my personal favorite. This game follows Carl Johnson who returns to San Andreas when his mom is murdered. Throughout the story we learn about some treason in his gang, Grove Street Families. I wont go into details since that would spoil the story...There are so many things to do in this 3D Universe GTA, swimming, gyms, hunger yes, you can become hungry after a ridiculous amount of time and eventually die from it, stats lung capacity, fat, stamina, muscle, weapon levels, driving skill, etc., flying planes, flying helicopters, parachuting, and so much more! Each stat can be increased/decreased from its corresponding activity. For example, fat is affected by eating. The larger the meal, obviously the fatter you get, but you can buy salads for generally the same price as the most expensive food and not gain weight. Muscle is affected by cycling, weights, climbing, and other activities that logically bring up muscle in real life. You can lose muscle by not doing anything active or hunger, like fat...Guns are also affected by this skill system now. If you pick up an AK47 and try shooting someone with it in the game, Carl will hold it poorly, be unable to move while firing, strafe slowly, and will be highly inaccurate. However the more you use this weapon, the better he holds the gun, he will eventually be able to strafe while firing, strafe faster, and be extremely accurate.Driving skill is self explainatory so I wont go into detail.Cycling skill affects the speed you can get a bicycle to, the higher the jumps, and the less chance that you fall off. Also, self explainatory.Im sure you dont want me to go on about the skills any longer, now we shall go onto the minigames.You can play a wide range of minigames such as video games, billiards pool, and go on dates yes, dates. There are only 3 video games, but these can be fun to play with friends. Billiards is only single player. Fun fact, there was actually supposed to be a multiplayer billiards activity but sadly, it never made it into the game... And the dates... So there are multiple women that you meet throughout the game by story like Catalina and some you meet outside of missions and are sort of hidden. Each one has certain activities that they like to do and most have a specific body type they want you to have. One likes you to be a bit fatter than muscular, and another wants you to have no fat and max muscle. Good luck juggling them around because you have to do all that in one day. Yes, you have to go on dates all across San Andreas everyday, and switch your body type pretty much every time. Hope you have cheats active...In my opinion, the story could be better, but its not the worst in the series. Id say GTA III had the least interesting story, but then again, Ive yet to complete it. Anyway back to this, the story starts off as Carl being a gangster, but ends in him being one of the richest men in San Andreas. Dont ask me why, but he does. Id rate the story about 7/10. Like I said, its not awful but its not great...If youve played GTA Vice City or GTA III before, you know the controls can be a little hard to use at times. This game changed this for the most part... You can now orbit the camera around the character, climb objects, and most importantly, YOU CAN SWIM! If I remember correctly this game started the ability to swim.Speaking of starting something, this game started and ended the legacy of the jetpack. It was the first game to feature it which was AWESOME! However, this easy mode of transportation has yet to appear in the HD Universe GTA games. Theres really not much to talk about it, you fly up, slowly go down, move forward, sideways, backward, its basically being able to walk in the air...This game also started the car customization. Yes, almost any car could be upgraded, but bikes you couldnt. Also, though you can customize your car, its mainly hydraulics, color, nitrous, paint jobs, and wheels. Theres a radio bass boost feature but on PC, it really doesnt help. Dont waste the 100 it costs...If you want to mod this, you might want to buy a physical PC disk and install it off that. Take this from someone whos tried to mod the Steam version, you cant. If you dont want to mod this and dont plan to in the future, then you should probably get this as its the most stable version...Youre probably bored of reading this by now and I applaud you for getting this far because theres a lot of stuff in this review. But this game, is definitely worth at least trying. If you dont know how good it really is, you can look up stuff about it on the internet... Or of course, you could buy it and refund it.