Over the years Rockstar Games has continually downgraded the quality of the Steam version of this product. Because of this, I cannot recommend theversion of Grand theft auto San Andreas.Grand Theft Auto San Andreas, resolutions above 1650x1050 are not supported. If you would like to go higher, you will need to download an older version of the gtasa.exe.Users of the Steam service have been lobbying for Steam achievements for San Andreas for years. Here we are, almost 10 years later at the time of writing this review and theres still no Steam achievements. The slap in the face is that Rockstar Games released an HD remake of San Andreas in 2014 for Xbox 360achievements.On the 7th of November 2014 Rockstar released a  that not only removed 19 songs for all users who legally purchased the game, they made all game saves created before that patch incompatible with that version, corrupting them along the way. This is quite serious as some individuals invest hundreds and in some cases thousands of hours into their save files only to have them get corrupted. Then again, you would think anyone that spends hundreds if not thousands of hours on their save would have backups, wouldnt you? This brings up the question if theyre going to pull this stunt with Grand Theft Auto IV or Grand Theft Auto V a few years down the road.On the 7th of November, 2014 Rockstar Games removed nineteen songs featured in the original version of the game, released on the 7th of June, 2005. The controversial business descision is that they didnt leave these tracks in the game for the users who have legally purchased this product before the 7th of November. So to this into perspective, Rockstar Games has essentially removed a great deal of content that users of the Steam service have legally paid for.When Grand theft auto Vice Citys music licenses were about to expire back in December of 2012, Rockstar Games removed the licensed songs from the game but allowed every user who purchased Grand theft auto Vice City before December to keep their songs.I cannot recommend this product here on Steam and heavily recommend going elsewhere to obtain this product.