I loved this game when i played it on the ps2 and i was looking foward to playing on pc to get my childhood memories back but after playing not even an hour i cant recommend this game.Rockstar Updated the game for no reasons... have you ever heard the term leave well enough alone? well we all know rockstar did not hear that because with the update nearly a decade later. The updated removed songs form the radio station people report about broken save files and they even removed resolutions... i play on a 1366x768 and they dont even have that resolution... i think they have four or five resoltions you can choose from and if you have a higher resolutions that what gta sa gives you then to bad you have to play on one of the lower resolutions.Also my game freezed up by trying to enter the pizza shop close to grove street! What i never had a game freeze up on me and i have played arma 2 and 3 farcry 4 assassins creed 4 and many more and i can play them just fine but i cant play a 10 year old game without it freezing?Also people have reported that you cant mod gta sa no more... why the  not rockstar, you took away SA MP why would you do that to us. One of the most popular if not the most popular gaming company gave us the worst update they could have ever done. you should put gta sa on the steam workshop that would be amazing but you wont will you rockstar... no you wont, you took away many of our childhood memories with that update, you need to reupdate the game taking away all the stuff you put in this update.I have also noticed that the textures in the game are messed up as well, at the begining of the game when officer tenpenny and the other 2 officers gun down carl i noticed there guns clipping through the hands and it was very noticable so yes it is true that there is glitches with the textures in the game.Another issue is that when i start up the game i cant use the mouse i have to CTRLALTDEL many times to get my mouse to move the camera which makes no sense... and yes you can use a controller but you dont know what to do because it say stuff like use joy 9 to do this or joy 11 to do this... why not just say use y to enter and car and use x to jump... so unless you know all the 16 buttons and where they are at on the controller you wont be able to play with a controller. and yes i know you might be thinking that well if you have played gta sa before you should be able to play with a controller right... wrong because when i tried to use the controller everything was swapped around on the controller making it impossible to figure out what was what and where was where.So i wish i could recommend this game but no i cant i feel it would be a sin to recommend this game that was one a amazing game to now a run down game full of missing songs to broken save files to texture glitches... and its sad knowing one of the very best gta games has been ruined by there own creators... i never thought the day would come. 