Ok first off, this is one the best GTA games because it is the longest GTA with over 30 hours of storyline and you have 3 cities to explore unlike other GTA games where youre just stuck in one city and best of all there are RPG elements to it that give this game a big  from all the other GTA games. The cities you get to explore are Los Santos which is based on Los Angeles and does a really good job with detailing the area and putting the ghetto into it and makes you feel like you actually live in the hood. You have the countryside between Los Santos and San Fierro and feels like you live in California with its lush forests. San Fierro which is based on San Francisco also does a good job and feels like a believable Bay Area city, The dessert between San Fierro and Las Venturas feels like a realistic mojave desert and is perfectespecially if youre a fallout fan to explore. Las Venturas is based on Las Vegas and does an amazing job with its neon lights and casinos to make it a realstic metropolis. The game mechanics in this game are very heavliy improved from Vice City because you can now see your targets health and driving feels more loose in SA. You have gang wars which are pretty fun and lets you recruit your own gang members and take over other hoods by playing a little survival mini game. The soundtrack is amazing in this game and is very believable and feels you are actually living in the 90s and is my second favorite soundtrack after Vice City. Oh and using the jetpack is so much fun. Now the flaws on this game is that even though GTA SA is challenging it is also has very tedious missions, especially missions that involve using an airplane. Those missions are terrible, not fun at all and have the worst controls that I have ever seen in a video game. The story is flawed in many ways too and there is some character flaws here and there but the story isnt bad at all and its very deep. The characters are also memorable too and good voice acting from Samuel L. muthain Jackson. Yes he plays the main antagonist which also gives this game another . Like I said earlier, this game is challenging and tedious at times but its very rewarding and thats what makes a good video game. This I would say would be my favorite GTA game after Vice City and this game was worth playing through till the end and is a masterpiece.