Im beyond amazed how this game runs so smoothly on my PC...other big shot, smaller games I play, like 7 Days To Die, Barely 10 FPS on the LOWEST SETTINGS, GTA San Andreas, 4555 FPS...my average FPS for all games is around 520.I would recommend this game over GTA IV and V, no outside stuff needed, except a program I made that helps boost my processors for better game performance. Not releasing that...not yet anyways. Something I plan on doing some time soon.Though this game tends to glitch for me every now and then...When I want to record Bandicam, I go back to the game Using Windows 8.1 and have a black screen...I usually have to close the game, close and restart Bandicam, THEN start up the game again...if I dont do that...I get glitched texture overlays on my screen...and occasionally, Im walking on the roof inside of the houses I buy...cool, freaky, and annoying cause I cant jump or get out the doors. Im ok with those issues, since they dont actually corrupt the entire game, just a simple reboot of the game fixes those issues.Apart from those down sides, I really like this game...only if GTA IV and V werent always breached by hackers, or people getting false perma bans that cant be undone. Heres my Pros and Cons to all 3 of them.GTA San AndreasPros Performance is really great! Quite a bit of missions to do, and things to find. Includes a built in cheat code, for when you want to do stuff that cant be done normally, like give yourself a jetpack, spawn in tanks and helis and so on...hope thatll stay for many years to come.Cons Some missions can be quite hard to do. Client Side issues such as the Black Screen and occasional texture glitches. Not many down sides, unless you get your car stuck in that 1 spot you didnt mean to drive into...or park a tank in your garage...AND CANT GET IT OUT, even with a tow truck.GTA San Andreas Tip DO NOT PARK YOUR TANK IN YOUR GARAGE, YOULL NEVR GET IT OUT...unless you have some extra room to squeeze in there and hop in it...garages need to be wider and taller.GTA IVPros Somewhat just like GTA V, completely free, open world...be the good guy, or destroy everything.Cons Terrible port, runs quite badly on PC, not to mention it needs Windows Live, and some other crap that can alter the game nearly unplayable...they shouldve rewritten the whole game to let it run on PC a lot smoother...WITHOUT WINDOWS LIVE!GTA VPros The finest of the GTA series...tons more things you can do, more destruction, more missions and fancy things...a rather amazing game! I havent played it, but judging by VanossGaming, its very fun to play.Cons Constant breaches and hackers, lots of absolutely pointless, false Perma Bans that CAN NOT be undone...come on RockStar...yall ate our wallets and got your loot...use that stuff to stop them breaches, and quit issuing pointless Perma Bans when the hackers are the ones who deserves the perma ban, or an IP Ban for that matter, and not perma ban the innocent people who didnt do anything but played the game fair and legit! Judged by the recent reviews on the games pageMy tip for GTA V players If you can, before starting the game, unplug your modem and router if ya got one, or set your PC to be in Offline Mode, to play it offline, that way you have no concerns about getting hacked and your random, pointless perma ban chances get lowered by a small percentage. 