I have more hours on ps2 back in the day, and more on nonsteam retail v1.0 with all audio returned. Grove Street, home. At least it was before i ed everything up. CJGet MTASA as well or samp if you want to play Multiplayer. DThis is easily the best GTA Game in my opinion, It has everything you could ever want in a GTA Game, Gun Variety, Decent Story, Gun Mods, Vehicle Mods, Graphics Mods, Likeable Characters, a nice balance between city, country, and desert, etc. There are also nicer smaller touches, such as eating and being able to get fat, or not eat and get very skinny over time. GTASA will also give you the opportunity to work out, an activity that has been COMPLETELY removed from every other GTA San Andreas Game, Just remember to get Retail Version, I dont think all the time ive played ive never completed the game, ignore my steam hours since i have more on nonsteam retail version. The cities are one of the best parts of the game as well, IMO. You have the gang infested ghettos that is LS, based off LA. Red County and Flint County are your country sides, from Mt Chilliad, and the Back o Beyond to the small towns of Palomino Creek and Montgomery.SanFierro Based off the real life San Francisco, It has your fair share of narrow streets and steep hills, as well as some of the more interesting missions in the game. The Final city unlocked in the game is Las Venturas, as well as the neighboring desert that is Bone County. Although your time in BC is short, you will experience some extremely cool missions, some interesting individuals, and the dreading pilot school missions. LV on the other hand really shakes up the gameplay compared to the rest of the game, in terms of mission variety. Though LV has many sights to see, youll likely be spending most of your time in the Strip.The only real cons with this game rest with the fact that the steam version has cut audio, and planes are tough to control unless with a controller/gamepad in use. You should really get nonsteam retail v1.0 if you wish to enjoy, which i am now using.This is one of my most favourite games of all time and is a must have for all GTA Fans, I will never not recommend this game to anybody.ENB Mods,Graphics Mods,Gameplay Mods,Weapon Mods,Car Mods,CLEO Mods, etc. 