Ive been reading a lot about the gamebreaking patch Rockstar released for GTA San Andreas and was afraid to buy the game since I was a big fan from the begining. It was on sale a couple of days ago and I decided to buy it and try for myself this now broken and ugly game, that bloody mobile port everyone was running away from and... THE GAME IS JUST FINE! Sure, some songs were removed which is totally stupid and I really dont understand how can a license for a song in a video game expire during time why is there a need to renew it but thats about it. GTA SA looks great, as it always did, plays great and handles very good. My framerate is constant it wasnt on older versions, no texture poping, draw distance is much better now, the gameplay is the same. All in all I do miss the 1415 songs that are missing, but with time you stop noticing they arent there you can always make your own playlist ingame but thats about it. Everything else is just perfect. Its GTA San Andreas, the best game ever made in all its glory. I think that todays kids are just too spoiled and therefore trash everything that doesnt meet their expectations. They thought they were getting an HD version because all todays kids see is the graphics and they didnt get that.I recommend this game to anyone who likes video games. This is the definition of a video game.10/10PS I heard that some are complaining that some resolutions are removed. Well, the support is not removed, just the ingame options, you can make custom resolutions easily by using external software found on the web.Also, if you dont want to risk losing your save files in the future updates just set the update options for GTA SA to update only when you start the game. Now when theres an update for your game you can see it first, before installing it, backup your savegames and than just restore them after the update. Shouldnt be a problem because the savegames are easily found in My Documents and updates are really rare for this game now.GO BUY THIS GAME!!! NOW!!!