One of the greatest games ever made.Thats what I said about Vice City and thats also what I think about San Andreas.The game is set in the nineties in a fictional state called San Andreas. You play the role of Carl Johnson CJ, who has been living in Liberty City. But then he got a phone call. His mom was killed by a driveby. He rushes home to Los Santos to do honour to his mother. Back at home he has to put in work for his hood. A cycle of violence begins drugs, gang wars, corrupt police... Welcome to Los Santos!What GTA San Andreas delivers is classical GTA gameplay with many improvments the huge world with 3 different cities, smaller towns and varying environments like desert, farmland, forests, hills an amazing shooting and movment system compared to Vice CityYou can duck, swim, dive, climb on rooftops etc. Which gives you a new feeling of freedom there is even a bigger variety of vehicles bikes, bicycles, sport cars, SUVs, pickups, boats, helicopters and planes! customisation tattoos, clothes, hairstyle, tuning cars RPG elements you have to eat, you can level up skills many details and minigames robbery, basketball, video games, billard etc. amazing music especially rap music nwa, 2pac, ice cube, eazye, but probably not as good as Vice Citys musicThe story of GTA SA is okay, but sometimes confusing and hard to follow. I also think that parts of it are a bit over the top. However Rockstar Games did a good job connecting the story of Vice City, San Andreas and GTA 3. They also did a good job with the characters.Some of the missions are a bit annoying, but overall the missions are very good. I really like the addition of stealth in some of the missions.Rockstar added a lot of details and minigames, which often made me wonder Wtf? You can really break into a house and steal TVs? This game is amazing! I love such moments.What I also really liked was the hood part of the game. Getting green shirt, rag and shoes, spray a car in green, call your homies to join you, drive through other gang areas, provoke a gang war... even if the KI is  and could have been improved. Of course its a matter of taste and actually not the whole game is about the hood life.ConclusionGTA San Andreas offers so much content, that everyone will get countless hours of fun out of it.If you havent played it yet, go get it now or youll miss a part of video game history!