Its a bit of a shame to see the review page filled with unrecommendations just because R removed a few songs to avoid being sued. To a newcomer to the game this wont affect you at all. Youve never heard the songs in the game, and its really rather irrelevant when it comes to the final verdict of the game unless you already own the game or have nostalgic memories about one of the songs removed.You really should just play this game with the Silent Patch anyways, the vanilla version on PC has always been pretty lackluster without it locking the fps to 25 to make swimming work properly, and the Silent Patch fixes just about everything and adds in the songs as well.Its a R game, and its not a Max Payne game...you know the port is not going to be good. Vanilla GTA San Andreas does not have a 1080p resolution, the options are VERY limited although Antialiasing is there, so thats cool, and in order to proceed through certain missions in the game, youll have to enable the frame rate limiter...which locks the game at a silky smooth 25fps! Also, from my playthrough the game would occasionally crash anytime I messed with the settings too much. So, its definitely not a great port by any means. However, its an old enough game to where performance shouldnt be much of an issue for any modern PC especially with Silent Patch.Didnt look great 10 years ago, looks bad now. Its not god awful or anything, but at the same time it definitely shows its age. Id say it looks more like a game from 2002 than a game from 2005 the same year BF2 came out on PC. The characters do not even have fingers, which is one of those little details that can really kill an emotional scene. Some of the foliage has a really ugly white outline to it as well, which looks really out of place, and is actually pretty surprising to see considering that R, even back then, was known for their insane attention to detail. So, definitely not a looker.Its decent, I mean its GTA, so first and foremost the focus is fun and mayhem. However, if you want to unlock all the territory in the game, youll have to do at least most of the story line so the story still plays a big role. Youre CJ, an exgang member who moved to Liberty City and got involved with the mob. One day in 1992 you get a call from your brother and gang leader of your former gang, Sweet, who informs you that your mother has been killed in a drive by. You return to Los Santos to find that your gang and family has fallen apart mainly due to the rising crack epidemic. So you start to clean up, but in the process you get caught back up in old feuds. So basically you go on a redemption story to save your hood and family while going through all of San Andreas and meeting characters voiced by actors like Samuel Jackson and James Woods. Its an enjoyable ride, and most of the voice acting in the cutscenes is really top notch for the era. However, for the most part the story is just there to get the player to the next set piece, city, or gameplay element. Why am I sneaking into a top secret base for some hippie and stealing a million dollar jet pack? What does that have to do with saving my family and redeeming myself? Nothing, but it sure is fun and makes the gameplay even better!This is where the game shines. Its just an absolute blast to play. Cars control very tightly and smoothly, planes and boats not so much, but they still are a lot of fun to fly around in. A HUGE selection of guns that all feel unique. The only area that I felt was pretty bad would have to be the stealth sections. Theyre just so forced, and most of the time they make no difference. Also, autoaiming is a bit OP on the controller, it really feels like Im a hacker with an aimbot. And, the driveby mechanic of the game isnt great, since you can only fire in 2 directions instead of a full 360 like in future GTAs. However, its not really fair to complain about San Andreas missing features from future GTAs.The amount of content in this game is insane. Im willing to bet it will take the average player at LEAST 100 hours to complete this game fully. It truly is neverending as well, there are always more cops to fight, more hoods to take/defend, more people to save, more fires to fight, more criminals to chase, etc... If youre tight on cash and can only run low demanding games, San Andreas is absolutely perfect for you.San Andreas is a wonderfully realized world, the cities all manage to some how feel unique from one another, which is amazing when considering how small the map really is and the limited space R had on the PS2. Everything from the radio stations to the pedestrians on the street scream 90s west coast. R is great at making digital worlds come to life, and San Andreas is no exception.The game really doesnt have a score besides the catchy song that plays in the intro and when you complete a mission however, the game does have a ton of radio stations. And I gotta say, these are easily the best radio stations in any game Ive played.Just, an insane list of musicians. Also, one of the DJs is voiced by Chuck D, and of course Lazlow is also in the game. In the 40 hours I played of the game, I never got sick of the radio stations, they are all just awesome.