I grew up with this game and I am inlove with this game. The negatives in this game are that the options menu isnt as great as vice citys. In this game you play as CJ Carl Johnson. Our friendo CJ has been kicked out of the state of san andreas to Liberty City. CJ tries to live a normal life there. One day CJ gets a call from his brother Sweet then he finds out his mom died so he returns to San Andreas. CJ is soon held up by Officers which he all ready knows and is blamed for the murder of an officer. The Officers take CJs cash and drop him into ballas turf your rival gang. From then on you take control of CJ and help Grove st. your gang get back on its feet. The story in this game is brilliant. It will make you think twice about your friendships as some of the people you grow to love will turn your back on you and the people you hate might become your friends. This game tried to add RPG elements which worked well although I didnt like that you have to go to the gym to get muscle otherwise you become weak. There is a stat for eveything in this game. There is a stat for every gun, A stat for your breath, A stat fo you muscle, a stat for your stamina, a stat for driving, a stat for bikes and more which will keep you playing the game to max them all up appart from fat, unless you want a heart attack. And you will soon learn that money is something that you dont want to spend as you will not get it back quickly unless you do the fire truck missions which give you 30,000 each 12 levels of fire trucking. The better you get at certain things you might get certain buffs, like having the ability to dual wield shot guns. In this game you can gain turf for grove street which will make the streets a safer place for you. To gain turf you must kill 3 gang memebers on that turf then you will start a gang war which will send waves of gangsters at you. You can make this easier by bringing more grove memebers with you. Once you have killed the members of this turf grove members will spawn here and you will gain income from this turf. Like in vice city you can buy buisnesses and do missions for your buissnes helping you gain cash from it. This game is probably my second or third faviourte gta game and I love it. This game gets a positive from me! 