Grand Theft Auto San Andreas is a sandbox/openworld crime simulator as some people have dubbed the genre. In this game, you take on the role of Carl Johnson aka CJ for short, a man who recently came back to San Andreas from Liberty City after his mother was killed in a driveby shooting. During the course of the game, CJ will have to earn money and respect by doing tasks and missions for others.Now that the summarys out of the way, lets get onto the game itself. The PC port isnt as good as the PS2 port in terms of features. For some reason a lot of features were left out in the PC port. Even at version 3.0, the game still lacks things the original PS2 version has. Most notably, car sheen is missing from most of the cars. Some sound effects, such as when you invite hookers into a car, are also missing the moaning sounds mostly. The moon and night skies are also less detailed and varied. In addition, a few cheats dont exist in the PC version such as drive on water and hookers pay you.Another unfortunate issue is that you cant mod version 3.0 or 2.0 which is technically 3.0 but without steam support.. This was done because of a controversy a few years back. Thankfully, you can downgrade the game to either 1.01 or 1.0 with a downgrader program. google it  Despite some saying its illegal, Valve hasnt removed forum posts from the Steam forums which means they probably dont care. theyre heavy supporters of modding as you probably know. And removing something like that wouldnt be good for their userbase or their business.The PC version also boasts a special radio station for players to play their own music. Youll usually find it in your My Documents folder in a folder under the name GTA user files Another feature that uses this folder is the camera. Take a picture and it saves here.Gameplaywise, the game plays pretty well and its just as fun as the PS2 version, regardless of problems. Most if not all of CJs dialog is there. At first, being used to playing GTA IV, I was a little confused about how the wanted level system worked. But after a while I figured it out. The weapons are responsive and the controls are fluent. Even the handtohand works well.The pedestrian AI is very good for such an old game. Theyll do things from conversing with eachother though sometimes the conversations make absolutely no sense to fighting eachother and getting into police chases. theyll even ram you until your car explodes if you hit theirs such as the stupid Taxi drivers That being said, its not without flaws. The plane AI is simplistic and will often wreak for no reason. This is because the planes were only programmed to fly over the players head in a straight line, which often results in them colliding with high objects like skyscrapers and mountains. The resulting explosion can injure or even kill CJ if hes too close too.Graphically, the game is dated by todays standards. This can easily be seen on character models. While the lips move, the individual fingers on the hands dont, which results in a  classic Resident Evil esque cutscene where characters point with their whole hand. Some cars also lack detail, such as the ZR350 which just looks like it was textured in MS paint. Thankfully, there are mods out there that can help the game look nicer so its not a total loss. most will require you to downgrade to 1.0 or 1.01 to actually use though unless they use the 2.0/3.0 installation method. Its also not as impressive as the PS2 version graphically due to the lack of detail on some cars mentioned above and the moon thing mentioned earlier. It can go higher res than the PS2 version, so that is at least somewhat a redeeming quality.Sound. As stated earlier, some sounds are missing. However, most if not all the typical dialog and sound effects are there. CJ will yell at pedestrians and police if they attack him or get in his way. What he says depends upon how expensive the clothing hes wearing is and how much money he has. The game features a voice acting cast including favorites like Samuel L. Jackson Officer Frank Tenpenny. As with most GTA games, the music doesnt play unless youre driving. The variety of stations ranges from RB, hardcore rap, to even rock and country. The User Track player function mentioned above allows you to customize your own station. The Radio commercials and talk shows are just as enjoyable as well. With many humorus parody commercials and talk shows with the nonsense and humor that the GTA series radio channels are known for.Overall 9/10. The PC port has its flaws but its well worth the 14.99 price tag here on steam. Buy it if you want it. Though if you want to mod, it would probably be easier on you to buy the original version of the PC version version 1.0 off of ebay than downgrading steams version 3.0. 