Despite being 14 years old, Grand Theft Auto San Andreas remains as one of the best games out there. Most people nowadays use San Andreas as meme material for their Youtube videos, and SFMs, but theres more to the game than that. It offers a vast open world with impressive visuals, interesting mechanics, and lots of content. San Andreas is a direct upgrade to Vice City, taking the best things from it, and from GTA 3, in order to make a great game.You play as Carl Johnson, a former Grove Street Families gang member, that ran away from his past after losing some of his friends and family to the cold streets of Los Santos. After moving to the East Cost and staying there for a few years, he recieves a call from his brother Sean Johnson, also known as Sweet. Carls mother has been murdered in a failed assassination attempt against Sweet. After hearing the terrible news, Carl packs his bags and heads back home. After arriving to Los Santos, he is intercepted by a squad of corrupt police officers, known as C.R.A.S.H. The head of the unit, Frank Tenpenny, personally went after Carl in order to frame him for the murder of a police officer, just to have Carl do his dirty work for him. After C.R.A.S.H is finished with Carl, they uncuff him and ditch him in enemy gang territory. Carl now has to deal with the loss of his mother, do Tenpennys dirty work, and assist Sweet with whatever he needs so he can prove himself and get back in the gang.Ill be honest, the story in this game is great. The characters have emotion, and you actually care for them. And there is a lot of character development, just how it should be. I would be spoiling the game if I discussed this further, so Ill stop and move on to the gameplay.Its fantastic. The open world is huge and full of things to do. There are three major cities in the game, them being Los Santos, San Fierro, and Las Venturas. The game has three phases, and you move on to each city after the end of a phase. Each phase has around 20 missions, with other missions in between said phases. These tend to be around the county in several places of the three major cities, like the forest area of Angel Pine and the other counties, or the Desert section of the game later on. There is a total of 100 missions in the game, 15 of them being optional. So there is a fair amount of content in this game, unlike in other games where most of the content is just side stuff, and the story very short. Its not the case here.San Andreas has some light RPG elements, such as being able to improve your weapon skill, player strength, and getting better stats overall. These arent too important, and you can easily beat the game playing as a scrawny Carl Johnson. You will sometimes get better at certain things automatically, like using bikes frequently will improve your Bike Skill, or running constantly increasing your Stamina. The only time when a skill is a requirement, is during the mission Amphibious Assault in phase 2 of the game. You need to have a Lung Capacity upgraded by swimming of atleast 5 in order to start this mission. If you have a Lung Capacity of zero, you will trigger a.This game also has a turf system, in which you can take enemy Hoods for your own gang. Taking over a Hood will open up a constant flow of cash, in which you can reap the rewards straight from your home in Grove Street. However, enemy gangs will also attack your territory, so you need to defend it from time to time. Dont worry though, attacks can only occur when youre in Los Santos, so if youre across the map, you wont need to run back home just to defend your turf.There are a few other major things, but Id rather not make the wall of text even longer. The shooting and driving are both pretty well designed. Most cars handle really well, and the gunplay is pretty good. The flying, on the other hand, is a complete pain in thesometimes. You better be ready to learn to fly, because youll need it to progress in the story. Dont worry though, thats a little over halfway through the game, so youre safe for a couple of hours.Its very, very,important that you read this part carefully.You really need to downgrade this game using the following guideRockstar decided to cut some songs from the game because of licensing issues or something, so instead of getting it sorted out they pulled the plug on it. Not to mention the Steam version of San Andreas does not support modding.. Even if you dont care about modding or the radio songs, I strongly recommend that you still downgrade the game and mod it with the files in the guide. It will drastically improve the game, and take the best out of all the San Andreas versions out there. The world will look prettier, the HUD will be HD, and there will be countless other fixes. You can skip on some of them, but the majority of it really improves the game.Please dont let this discourage you from purchasing this game, it only takes a few minutes to downgrade the game and install the patches. Its literally just drag and drop, nothing complicated.Yeah, its pretty nice. The radio songs are from the 90s, so if thats your thing youll probably love it. If it isnt, just give it a shot. This game introduced me to some great music.No, you dont, thankfully. You dont have to worry about installing anything else besides the optional but almost mandatory patches from the guide. Just download and play, as it should be.Its pretty good, I would say. Ive never really experienced any problems, just the occasional crashing once in a blue moon. Its an old game, so you should be able to run it on pretty much anything.This game is a must have. It is actually one of the best games out there. Worth absolutely every penny, and you should buy it at full price if you can. Theres really not much else to say, its just amazing. I dont usually rate games with numbers, but I give this a 9/10. Loads of content, took the best out of the previous games and created a masterpiece, great story and memorable characters. Brilliant voice acting and delivery. A worthy sequel to Vice City.Buy this game.