G R A N D  T H E F T  A U T O    S A N  A N D R E A SAhhh, so much nostalgia playing this game.Even today, the game is still playable, and no Im not saying its better than GTA V only dumb  say that. HOWEVER, this is the game that no one will ever forget it, of how great this is. When I was at 4th grade my friends and classmates would never stop talking about this game. We used to have cheats on a piece of paper, good ol days. Some homies I know still play it. I never get it finish it though. Right now I am!This is the best, fully gangsta type game ever.GOOD So many clothes to wear! Exercises makes you buffer and stronger, while eating more makes you fatter, neither those will make you skinny. Even GTA IV/V dont have this feature anymore! What happened!? This is so realistic!! Minigames Memorable characters Perfect story Really long story. Seriously! I thought one more mission then I could finish the game but NOPE Im still at the 6/7th one! I never completed the game even now! 8 Major gangs. This so great. You start with Gang Street Families, but unfortunately you cannot be other factions, but its fun to stay with the story. That camera that takes pics into real files. I loved that one! Memorable moments / quotes Very fun screwing around the lively city of Los Santos. Story about gangsters/blacks. Nowadays I feel like black people in video games dont care about anything, like Franklin. God, hes so boring. I felt CJ is more funnier and dramatic person he is.BAD Updates that removed so many good content and also breaks the mods Terrible controls. Ever since I was a kid, why the  would anyone bind sprint as SPACE, jump as SHIFT, ENTER to exit menus and SHIFT to open to the next link as default?Final Verdict The story and gangsta theme is better than GTA V, but it doesnt mean thats bad, I like both games but SA brings memories and many customizations. The first time I played it when I was like 7 or 8, it first came from a computer I bought some computers have illegal games from the store but that was fun. Always tricked my parents Now that Im a young adult, turns out I didnt became a serial killer.Steam edition 0/10  Trash can Why bother porting it on Steam when you remove the good things inside it? I will exaggerate by using Hot Coffee patch. you whoever did this!Actual game 10/10YOU PICKED THE WRONG REVIEW, FOOL! 