First off, Ive played this classics before it was out on steam 100 hrs. And yes, that doesnt deter me from playing it again.Secondly, it is Rockstars fault for updating the game last year, not the games fault, so I wont take that into account in this review.Now, lets get back to our business. the introThere are motorcycles, bicycles, Japanese cars, European cars, Rural cars, pimping cars, supercars, lowriders, carts, copcars, trains, speedboats, slowboats, helicopters, jets, propellers, VTOLs, commercial planes, etc.Thisis huge!Furthermore, this game is one of a few nonracing games that has the best vehicle handling in racing, surfing, and flying. Masterpiece.You can be a thug, a taxi driver, a cop, a paramedic, a train operator, a burglar, a firefighter, a racer, a gambler, an 8bit nerder, a body builder, a rowrider, a pimp, a triathlete, a cyclist, a photographer, a professional shooter, etc.Damn it!You can eat taco, burger, pizza, salad, hotdogs, etcetera, and etcetera. You can get drunk, get fat get buffed, do some haircut, get some new clothes and by that I mean a lot vareity of clothes, mod your lowrider andOh shiit!There are more than 20 involving characters, each with their own characteristics. They are different in manner, dialogue, looks, and all. So you wont get bored why the story progresses. Hey, dont forget that Sam L. mothering Jackson is also a voiceactor here.The dialogue is real shining. You are garunteed to be laughing in every cutscene. Very humorous, and very clever.10/10 d like to rewind the cutscene for these great dialogueThe story is not so strong. The drama is not so good. But the length is very good for the gameplaybased type. Overall, it is not so ugly.Musics are great, special effects are acceptable. Main theme song is the best. Please go to youtube and find Young Maylay CJs voice actor version, fricking sick!Car models are very beautiful but pedestrians are somewhat repetitive. The weather and sky are beautiful. Overall, not so bad.Map rendering mechanics are very slow such that rendering distance can not be very large. Map details are very good, you can walk/drive around San Andreas, listening to the radio, after your long day. However, it has very low interactibility. Anyway, this game has a very fantastic map.