...They will burn me for this one...So, uh, ...I kind of hate this game... The story missions are just...so...ungodly boring or repetitive. If its not going from one side of the country to the other, its going from one side of the country to the other under a time limit. Needless to say at times missions do have diversity, but in nearly every single one there is a transition stage first you get to the mission then normally youll be sent to drive off to the objective. On the outside this is no huge issue, i mean of course you gotta go there, but in San Andreas the length to which to get to some certain places just starts getting larger and larger.What really becomes a problem, for me anyways, is how in these moments mission failure is still a possiblity of course it is. But in a game like this, the slightest wrong move can put you underfire or in a danger state, wether the physics bugger up and you flip a car just by simply turning and a npc inside wasnt smart enough to leave, or maybe you needed that car in specific because a character owned it or other small reasons it all leaves you to sit and go back to the start of the mission just to get to that part.This, all in all, becomes a huge turn off for me because the missions themselves arnt catching my personal interest enough to warrent me wasting so much time after one failure. There are missions in this game that have you start, as ive mentioned, on one side of the map, then have you go all the way to the other. I dont mind ing up and starting over, however, what I do mind is not being able to restart from around where I died. So in many instances, I could and have failed causing me to respawn without all my items now thousands of miles away from the mission to which then I will have to drive all the back for the sake of the mission itself.I cant even restart from the begining of the mission.Grand Theft Auto IV fixed this by having your phone give you a pop up asking if you wanted to restart, and would put you at the begining of the mission. But in San Andreas, it is so repetative, it is such an ungodly time waste I cant maintain any sense of interest to even continue playing the missions.This is seriously a huge problem for me, and I dont want to keep pushing forward to retry missions I already have no interest in if it means I have to do nothing but waste time over and over again.No Grand Theft Auto San Andreas, I am not entertained. Now if you will step aside I am going to punch in some cheat codes which will allow me to fly a dune buggy across the sky into Not Las Vegas in a clown suit while im being chased by hookers weilding  as weapons.Because thats the part we Or at least I remember from GTA San Andreas.