I already played some GTA V on my roommates PS3 but ultimately decided to wait for the PC version before buying it. So I was verry disappointed when rockstar for some reason decided to postphone the release of an already finished game by 3 months for no reason. I have heard several diffrent stories by now and tbh i stopped caring for the reason... its rediculousHowever, then i saw that if you get the game you also get one of my old favorites GTA San andreas. So i thought well i might as well get the game now and have something to do. I even noticed that it was recently updated so i expected something that was in a remotely working order.  I was verry wrong I noticed that there is something weird with some of the textures. Now i know this game is 10 years old by now... but i think i would have remembered it if something like foliage is missing. Some of the old higher resultion settings appear to have been removed. Which irritated me a lot. apperently some of the old songs are missing if you read the other reviews you can see which, now i dont mind it that much but now the list of leftover songs has been become shorter which means that songs start to repeat themselves. which, again, is annoying. and i did notice this but most irritating of all i would not mind a patch removing some of the old contend if it would mean that the game is playing on todays computes. But it is not There is a bug in the game that render you unable to move the aiming dot with your mouse. Now this bug can ofcourse be fixed by alttabbing repeatedly my average is about 5 times which takes about 1 minute thanks to the switching resolutions . again not a big deal but this bug occurs just about every time your character enters or leaves a car.So overview Used to be a great game, felt nostalgia. noticed it had been updated. however the update removed a lot of contend and did in fact not fix even the well known gamebreaking problems.Judgement dont waste your time on this... even 10 euros is far too expensive for this.