TLDR What a pile of poo! I understand some people feel some nostalgia replaying this game but for whoever has played more recent games, unless you love the GTA franchise and want to know more about it, just ignore this game.2004 is quite far away but man does this game feel dated and does it smell of console port all over the place.Dont get me wrong, the game is playable but controls are clunky and poorly explained sometimes leading to mission failures and forcing you to search online for help. The first sign of bad port came from the default keybinding. I always have a first look at keybindings before jumping into a game and remap a few things here and there. In GTA SA, I ended up spending 15min in the start menu remaping MOST controls since it was completely off! Ive never seen such a poor choice of default keybindings. On the good side, most keys have only one action attached to it.The interface feels sluggish map cant be access with the press of a button, switch between crouching and standing only happens when you stand still....The game has some boring gameplay mechanics inherited from a lost era you remember those sport games where you had to smash buttons as fast as possible to win a pathetic race... yeap, GTA SAs got that too because that was fun! Oh, the fond memories... Want to go faster on that push bike of yours, please tap the forward button like a mad man. Oh, and make sure to control the steering at the same time. Youll be in for a treat!You dont seem to be able to carry any kind of health boost item and health kits seem pretty seldom on the map meaning youd better be careful during missions.And if you fail a mission, you have to drive back to where you got the mission in the first place from wherever you failed the mission or the hospital if you died and start over again. Thankfully the game allows you to skip some parts... sometimes. For some reason some driving parts can be skipped but not others, and some videos can be skipped but not others... Its just a mess.I liked the idea of leveling skills and having some kind of fitness management. I was looking forward for the neighbourhoods fights and taking over the city since I enjoyed this in other more recent games. I was ready to put my disdain for the modern ghetto gangsta theme aside and focus on the gameplay but the gameplay is simply not fun enough.This game, in its current state and in the current market is only for 3 kind of people gamers who enjoyed it when it came out and like the nostalgia trip fan of the GTA franchise who want to learn more about it people who exhausted their entire game library and have nothing else better to do with their lifes 