Um, kinda my first review so dont bug me out.For starters, it is a really great game. I mean, it might not have good 2017 graphics. But whod care about that anyways? The story is great. I wish there was a simple way to explain that without spoiling the whole game, but id try not to.This game really works well on a Windows 10 laptop. It might drop alot of frames from time to time, but the FPS will boost its way into your average/favorite regular FPS. Items like cleo, and other types of modification programs for GTA SA, but hey. Atleast you can still mod your GTA3.img.The only thing that ive really disliked about this was the fact of how hard the missions were. I mean of course, who could forget the memorable line, All you had to do was follow the damn train Cj! but that wasnt really a problem for me. I am talking about the suprisingly really salty deaths that they give you, enemies might sometimes spawn on corners, giving you no time to react whatsoever. And the police officers would be one hell of a grudge on your tail. They wouldnt really care when you have 1 or 2 stars, but by the time when you reach 36 thats when they start to care.Anyways its not like you can wish the Rockstar developers to go back and patch the game, it wouldnt make sense whatsoever. Another thing id like to talk about is how rough the start can be. It could be impossible for a person that is new to GTA SA to beat. Youd need to figure out how youll get all your weapons back without spending a dime! And no, i am not talking about cheating... . Not to mention what youd need to do to unlock special needs/items/vehicles. Like how completing the race ring in LS rewards you with a Monstertruck and a racecar. And how completing that one mission in SF that grants you to custom your vehicle.And probably the last that id want to talk about is, which is probably my favorite. Which is probably random and has nothing to do with this, maybe. But hey, look at the rest of the reviews. Anyways, my favorite thing to do in GTA SA is, towing vehicles. Yes! Youve read that correctly, is to tow vehicles. Not to mention that it is pretty fun to throw vehicles all around the place in high speed, and flying a helicopter that can fling the onto unbelieveable heights. Just becareful if you go that fast, it might result in your tow truck being totaled.Anyways that is it for my review. Nobody probably read this, but who cares?! D I do... My review my GTA SA, I really love this game, it will forever stay in my heart, ever since I was 4 years old.See ya laterProbably not, but whatever. P 