IMPORTANTDont get this game on Steam if possible. It has been famous on more bugs, less fix, due to some fixing on did not appear on Steam. XBoxcontroller not supported and crash if you mod.Else downgrade this before you playREVIEWPlayed this 2 times on pirated Chinese version, but not 100 completion, only story. Have around 200 hours if you want me count. After 4 years, it is time for me to fly back this legal copy. Right now still at San Fierro and trying to plant a bug on a cargo ship.Gameplay  8/10Graphic  9/10based on when the game is published, not today standardStory  9/10Audio  5/10Developer  Support  5/10Is this game supported on late PC until now, and dev dedication on this old titleI judge this game mainly based on 3D Universe, including 4 titles that involve Liberty City and Vice City.Not from HD Universe such as GTA IV  GTA V.Pro Story more interesting than all GTA titles before HD Universe. CJ is a welldeveloped characters before HD Universe. Stats system that is even absense in GTA IV. Many things to do, even not all of them are perfected, but at least enjoyable and playable. Even GTA IV do not have it. Groove 4 Life. Brothers forever Great sense of Humor, I like The Truth, Woozie, Catalina and a vaeirty of jokes. Even some of the characters vehicles in mission has their own unique License Plate. Lots of things to discover. Best collectibles mechanic in 3D Universe. Map not enough large? Add mod! I do mission not just kill people, but I feel the interactions between human. Unlike Claude and Tommy. GTA title that took place in oldest year. That explains why you see Claude. Can abuse glitch to obtain OP Invicible/unique print vehicle. More indepth vehicle mechanic. Especially the introduction of proper plane in 3D Universe. World Map updated well according to stories. Ballas now fight along with polices when I am not supposed to come to Los Santos. Not too pricy nowadays. Worth to buy than other GTA 3D Universe titles.Neutral I am Chinese and I feel offended when they design the Ran Fa Li and Woozie as gangster boss with disabilities. As well as hinting that Chinese only rely on Fortune/FengShui on their rest of their life. But from the other view, Woozie is more interesting guy as how he act like gangster boss, not a super evil, and did not die like the Japanese gangster boss in Liberty City Story. Idiotic suicide and BS Collectibles usually appear at where you do missions. But like all 3D Universe, you dont have a clue, and sometimes on weird places. Bully Scholar Edition did a better job but the location mark maybe too precise. OG Log Rap is funny but weird, annoying. CJ is not a drug addict, not super evil villan unlike the others protagonist in 3D Universe. But Catalina agreed that he is an idiot. Slopes in San Fierro is unatural, but post a challenges in car chasing missions.Cons CRASH because of audio on Radio Station, they concern on money and copyright but dunno how to fix PROPERLY for missing files. CRASH because of someone trying to speak in cutscene. CRASH because of other variety reasons such as not properly exit on a Horse Betting Machine, after a cutscene finish, and etc etc. Sometimes Freeze and xxxx my whole gaming PC. Pls, no reliable solutions on some of them, Google yourself 25 FPS with Frame Limiter on. 120 FPS without on and my character die while trying to steal item, due to BS collision. Solved with Nvidia Inspector, 60 FPS Default control is weird. You will get furious by the 1st time you perform Low Rider Dance. Set Steer Up to K, Down to I. Special Control to J, L, G, T. And add arrow keys as Alternative. No Windows mode. Troublesome if crash and might force a restart. Idiot AI Driver especially cops that simply force their way out and let you obtain unnecessary 1 star. Can xxxx some of your missions. Getting gold or even Bronze in Driver School is too hard. As hard as License Test in Grand Turismo 2 Simulation Mode. No Controller Support... No Official Chinese Language. They have to download pirated one via China websites. Or take the risk to mod.