Our story begins in Two Thousand and Dickety  We had to say dickety because Saddam Hussein stole our number five. Anyways, It was in that year Grand Theft Auto San Andreas came out. In 200Dickety the video game landscape was such that if a game wasnt Grand Theft Auto it desperately wanted to be Grand Theft Auto, whether or not that fits the tone or setting of the game be damned see also Final Fight Streetwise. If 2001s Grand Theft Auto III or 2002s Grand Theft Auto Vice City didnt already do it, San Andreas was the market title which cemented open world games as the hot new thing to be, in addition to also cementing the tone future open world games from Crackdown to Saints Row would take. What Im saying is, in short, that San Andreas the seinfeld of open world games.Im just going to go ahead and say this is more a personal retrospective than a straightforward review  By 2011 the game had sold 21 million copies worldwide and the game recieved essentially uniform critical acclaim upon release, so from a objective standpoint theres little i could say that hasnt been said a billion times before.In terms of setting and gameplay, San Andreas was a bogglingly vast marvel that pushed the PlayStation 2 and its contemporaries to the limits with impeccable detail and scope Though the aging PreRAGE iterations of Rockstars mainstay engine and the hardware were starting to show their age in 05 the game managed to pull off a impressive sense of scale and detail. A lot of this is down to clever technical trickery, but even without the creative use of fog and motion blur to make the map seem bigger than it is try using mods to circumvent the draw distance cab, its still decently large and very detailed. The game has a breadth and diversity in environments that wasnt seen in III or Vice City and was sorely missing from IV Gritty graffiticaked buildings in slums in Los Santos,  Sleepy bluecollar rural towns, sweeping and vibrant city lights in San Fierro, A vast desert that even now practically oozes the harsh baking heat of the real deal, and the glitzy sleazy neonrimmed sprawl of Las Venturas are some of the environs that await a player. The humanoid characters havent aged well at all Rockstar was never really all that great at avoiding the uncanny valley until fairly recently, but the environments are still a pretty superb case of making the most of hardware that seems almost unbelievably quaint these days and was aging even at the time. However, Rockstar was never great at making stable games and San Andreas raw ambition and scale certainly didnt do it any favors there. Nasty bugs are virtually everywhere  some of which can permenantly end a run more than 2/3rds of the way into the game. Likewise, the engines FPS limiter which well speak more on later is bugged and only runs the game at 25fps instead of the intended 30 without enduser modifications.The writing is pretty damn great even if it kind of makes no sense in the big picture, too. The characters all have their quirks and unique personality traits, making them extremely memorable, and they tend to be a lot more well rounded than even most of GTA Vs cast. Even the bad guys have their human sides for the most part, and the good...well, good bad guys have connections to other characters and overarching interests that keep them relatable and interesting. The plot is full of twists and turns. Though San Andreas plot is more full of holes than the popes cheese plates, its fast paced enough to keep the player engaged and it doesnt take itself too seriously so i didnt even notice the lack of cohesiveness until id already beat it. Its not all sunshine and flowers on the writing end, though  Ive always thought the GTA series had something of a south park style reactionary sense of humor that tries to make anything outside the status quo seem bad. With regards to how it approaches that, San Andreas definitely is a prime example of the aforementioned style. A lot of the humor and jokes are at the expense of LGBT people and other minority groups and done in that signature ha ha only kidding way Even if the game came out in 2005 that aspect shouldnt really get a pass. Ive always liked the Saints row games way of handling that sort of bawdy takenoprisoners humor more  The audacity and shock factors are maintained, but without being at anyones expense.Gameplay is very solid, too most of the missions and side jobs do a excellent job of showcasing the games world, inner workings and secrets. Its not  with a few exceptions  overly difficult, and theres enough variety and synergy with the quirky setting to keep most players interested. However, even with everything the game has to offer it falls into the nasty little pitfall known as repetition A lot of the side jobs like the taxi/paramedic/vigilante missions and the turf wars are very heavy with padding To the point that some cases, like the taxi missions, require you to service 50 passengers before bestowing a not especially useful buff upon you. In addition to that, each of the three islands also has a unique fetch quest requiring the player to retrieve however many specific trinkets, and this also gets old quick. I almost get the impression Rockstar was trying to make a game that wasnt really supposed to be beaten 100...which to be fair, is almost certainly the case.In terms of porting quality, the games PC conversion is great by 05 standards but kind of a bag of hurt on any vaguely modern i.e. past the Core 1 CPU architecture system. Adding support for modern gamepads, 169 and 219 widescreen without stretching the hud, and many other factors is oft left to the end user, and god help anyone who tries turning off the frame limiter. The PC port is very conspicuously a relic of the era when devs didnt bother coding the game to compensate for increased FPS past the 3545FPS Pentium 4era hardware would provide over a Playstation 2, Gamecube or Original Xbox, and it shows. The orange, hazy feel of the PS2 port is completely lost and in fact most of the quasishaders the original release employed are gone these can be restored by mods if a prospective player would so wish. Theres a lot more that could be said here, but Vadim M. and his narrator SpooferJahkthat showcases the shortcomings much better than I could. A picture says a thousand words and that video runs at 30fps, and by my math 30,000 words is a slight increase over...uh, however many i said there. One last note about conversion quality, though  This version didnt get the achievements that were added to the X360 and mobile ports.Enough boring tech talk, how does the gameplay hold up? Overall, better than I thought it would. As I mentioned, SA almost manages to feel a bit more spirited than V does at times. For its shortcomings that have come to surface in the twelve years since the initial release, San Andreas has stood the test of time surprisingly well. Granted, I loved the game as a adolescent in 2005 and i still have a soft spot for it now so i might be a bit biased. Should you get San Andreas? Definitely at base price if you havent 12 USD isnt steep at all for what it brings to the plate, and id call it a musthave on sale. Itll run on virtually anything going back to a Pentium III, so its great even if youre stuck with a older laptop or computer by circumstances. Be sure to graband use it once installed This will reinstate mod support and allow you to automatically install some fanmade patches for proper widescreen support and quashing some decadeold bugs Rockstar never got around to.