I gave this game a second try since the GTA series was one of my favourite game series and managed to squeeze some gameplay hours out of it. It definitely has a wellsized world and Rockstars famous donotaskforlogicandenjoycrudehumor is right on spot. The development of the main character is a huge improvement to predecessing games of the series. Nevertheless, I still think this game is way overrated. Besides the points I mentioned in my first review see below, playing GTA San Andreas some hours more aspects it suffers fromDespite the game world being wellsized, it has a poor layout, at least outside of city areas. Roads follow an incomprehensible pattern and getting from A to B is just a chore. This is sad actually, since GTA VC was an improvement over GTA 3, which itself had a strange layout of roads but was easier to navigate due to its smaller size.Next, GTA SA suffers from a poor porting to PC, which shows best in change of game physics after frame limiter is enabled. This is actually neccessary to accomplish several missions.At last This game is just too complex. I can see the idea of having to care about CJ to improve his chances in the world eat at regular intervals, training muscles to hit harder and increase health, training on treadmill to increase stamina and increase health, caring for his girlfriend, earning respect in the hood, leading a gang and conquering territory, shooting stuff with guns to improve his gun shooting skill, shooting stuff with SMGs to improve his SMG shooting skill, shooting stuff with shotguns to improve his shotgun shooting skill, driving cars to improve his car driving skill, driving bikes to improve bike driving skills are an interesting addition to the character development and I am glad they kept some of it at least in GTA 5, but damn This is GTA and not some RPG!So my final verdict Better skip this one unless you have way too much time on your hands.Old reviewWorse graphics than its predecessors, awkward controls, stupid minigame sidequests. There may be a great story but due to the games inaccessability, three hours playing made me just want to quit it once and for all. In contrast to every other game of theGTA series, this did not catch me in the first place. I honestly do not understand why it is so acclaimed. Bad call buying it, thumbs down.