Does it still hold up? yes, it does. Let me ramble real quick about it.San Andreas improved literally everything from the previous games, from the better engine to the story, everything is top notch.Ever since GTA III that the franchise gradually became more story focused but San Andreas is where Rockstar went all out. It features a really integrate plot that perfectly ties everything between the events in Vice CIty and III. You get the most memorable characters with real personalities in GTA along with the best protagonist in the franchise. The story finally deviates from cliche mafioso plot and is much longer and broken into multiple chapters that bring you to different places, you start in a guetto and suddenly you notice you own a casino in the big Las Venturas. Gladly the pace is flawless, its just the right time and the story doesnt really contain any unecessary t. The narrative and theme of the game is very unique and was pretty controversial when it came out.The Special Edition of the game even contains a 20 minute cutscene with a ton of backstory and insight on the development of characters and events before the game startsThis intro alone has more emotion and is better written than the entirety of GTA V. I wish that wasnt the case but sadly no other GTA game has surpassed San Andreas in terms of story and immersion.The map in this game is ing amazing, one of the best open world maps in my opinion. Rockstar didnt waste any space, everything is unique and has content and most of the time you get to explore cool places thanks to side missions. It features three very distinctive islands with big cities, countryside, a big mountain, a desert, loads of cool easter eggs. This was a big game changer for the franchise, the most we had before was 2 small islands with the same kind of aesthetics and you couldnt even swim or fly high. The map feels huge and I still prefer it to GTA Vs take on San Andreas.The refined engine really makes vehicule handling pretty ing amazing, it brings tons of new mechanics to the game and prettier graphics. You have a much bigger selection of vehicules from sport cars to bikes, boats, planes and some very cool unique vehicules like the Vortex and the Kart.Finally the soundtrack is very important to a GTA game, and this game simply has the best soundtrack in the franchise, only Vice City comes close but San Andreas has such a nice variety of genres that fit perfectly with the multiple settings. From listening to Radio Lost Santos in the hood to roaming endlessly listening to KDUST in the desert. Its just too ing good.I probably forgot to mention a lot of things but I just finished it and wanted to get my thoughts out asap, Ill probably come back later and add more stuff.Overall, Its still the best Grand Theft Auto game and Im glad I replayed it again. 