And then 2004 came, after 2001s GTA III and 2002s Vice City, the time came for San Andreas county to make his appereance.In GTA San Andreas you will play as Carl CJ Johnson, one of GTAs most infamous protagonists. He comes back to Los Santos after he received a call telling him his mother died, and thats exactly where the story starts.In this new installment released in 2004 you will play not in one, not two but in three different cities located in San Andreas county Los Santos which is modeled after Los Angeles, San Fierro which is modeled after San Francisco and Las Venturas, modeled after Las Vegas. Yes, Las Vegas got GTAd and its awesome. The San Andreas map was a huge achievement when it was released as it was one of the biggest the videogaming industry had ever seen until that point. But what was most surprising was that it was not as empty as one would believe, the map had several sidemissions and activities to do. You could modify your character and make him fat, muscular or skinny. You could date girls. You could fight gang wars. You could rob houses. You could go to the gym. You could race in bikes. Or you could simply continue the story missions.As usual as with the other games, San Fierro and Las Venturas are blocked at the start, making Los Santos the only available area until you advanced through the story missions you could unlock the new areas and you could travel there. Otherwise youd get a really nice 5 Stars Wanted Level if you dared to cross to the blocked areas. One of the most notable differences from previous videogames was the addition of an ability to the protagonist, and that was swimming. For the first time in GTA history a character could swim. Tommy Vercetti couldnt, Claude couldnt but CJ did it!Either way, this is one of the most fun installments in GTA history, rivaling the newest counterpart GTA V. If you dont have this game in your library, then you should by all means save to get this.Are you ready to order? Dont let Big Smoke order first or hes gonna empty the restaurant!10/10Buy it, play it and dont regret it.