 amazing  awesome story cool soundtrack really great gameplay  combat TONS of side missions character customization vehicle customization you can finally swim no Rockstar Games Social Club compatibility issues with newer OS lots of glitches  audio, graphic mouse control issues game freezing in menusNo I have not made a mistake, I DO believe this game is fantastic, but I DO NOT recommend this game on Steam. The game itself is amazing although with a few issues. The most apparent issues are with compatibility, mostly on Windows 7, 8, 8.1 and 10. Problems ranging from audio and graphic glitches ... screen/game freezing .. to mouse controls not working properly. Same as in Vice City. But you could expect these for an old game and many if not all can be fixed by adding fixes, workarounds and mods. Now I remember how my friend bought me this game over a decade ago. The huge amount of content ... cool story ... I had lots and lots of fun. To this day I still own the DVD and I even got my girlfriend to play it. And she loved it too. So I thought I would have digital copy just in case something happens with my DVD. An added bonus is also that you do not have to deal with RGSC in this game. But just like Vice City it suffers from licensing and how Rockstar treats digital distribution of games. Because you DO NOT OWN IT when you buy it here, you just borrow it. They change the game when they wish and as recent events have shown they can remove stuff. Songs, options, fixes and in this way also all of the mods made throughout the years. In this case they swapped it with a mobile port entirely. And this will go on in the future. So as time goes your copy of the game on Steam gets worse and worse ... while old disk copies like mine and even pirated versions remain the best quality available. THIS is why I do not recommend buying it here. Which is a shame because it is one of the best games I have ever played and mods just made it even better. Most of those mods got invalidated when they switched the normal version with this clumsy port. Yes, you can download files to return it back to how it was. But then what is the point of having a legal digital copy if you need thirdparty files. Very very disappointing. Also this review and a TON of others were pushed away to erase the Mostly Negative score on Steam, real classy Rockstar  Valve...