A very strange PC port indeed... Changing resolutions can lead to a number of bugs forcing me to quit the game and come back. The singleplayer does feel a bit limiting since you have to finish all the missions to leave Los Santos without the entire police force coming for your Some tracks were actually removed from the game in an update win for the people with physical copies. As someone who didnt notice that at first though, it never bothered me, and it doesnt bother me now. You might be better off with a physical copy but who has optical drives these days? Its a decent game and I was into the story until I forgot to back up my saves when doing a clean install of Windows 10. Buying this game for full price on steam is a bit of a stretch though. If you REALLY want it on your steam library wait for a sale or better yet buy a used copy of the game for PC. If you dont mind losing mods then other versions of the game such as the ps2 version might be a consideration. The only mod Ive used so far is San Andreas Multiplayer which works better with a physical copy. Modding for the steam version is actually a chore itself which leads to the physical copy master race once more... In fact, I myself would consider samp a very strange thing to play... You might deal with scumbags but it might be fun. I had a lot of fun and I also hated playing it at times. The people who play it are absolute dickbags though. It is EASILY the worst community I had ever dealt with in a while, maybe all time. The owners on this server leave t loopholes as well allowing donators to choose their spawn and if they wish spawn at YOUR house and your spawn and be a totalto people that didnt play GTA San Andreas since it launched. It doesnt help that door camping on that server is only camping if your crosshair is on the door and you shoot right as they leave, but standing on the top of their house is fair game. Now while this was one server, it was in a weird way the best one. A both better at the game community who happened to be a bunch of s ruined it. Other servers with decent game modes are Mexican which can be a fun gimmick at first but the weirded out effect runs out eventually and the US servers are stuff like cops and robbers which is pretty lame IMO. Maybe my talk on samp went on too long but my original point still stands if its on sale buying it might be a good idea but this isnt a full price game thanks to mods being somewhat broken on steam and used copies of the game having more content. All you need is a 1080p patch or something if you get the physical. 