Of all the games Ive played to date, three have nailed all three categories of storytelling. There was Morrowind, my favorite game there was New Vegas, my second and there was Grand Theft Auto San Andreas, my third favorite game of all time.When I was younger, less open to new ideas, I was reluctant to pick this one up, even though I loved the series up to then the underlying reason being that it centered around a man with whose culture I never thought I could identify, and therefore not be able to become immersed.I was wrong.Carl Johnson is a subtle man as far as Rockstar characters go. He is thoughtful, careful, never impulsive. He is intelligent, not prone to being manipulated. A natural leader. He rarely shows passion when it comes to morals and can seem gray at times. He doesnt whine and complain like a spoiled preteen you hear that, Niko? It will take you deep into the game to see that he is a good man, if you ever come to that conclusion.On his journey to the top, his downfall and journey back up, Carl sojourns through an odyssey of interesting characters who reach two different peaks the neo conservative Mike Toreno, and the mad liberal known only as The Truth. Without either one of these men, who stand on opposite ends of the games dynamic philosophical underlay, Carl would have been lost. Each presents his ideals and reasoning in a manner not hitting the player over the head, and stand out among the greatest and most memorable characters in gaming.As for the villain Samuel L. Jackson never agreed to a better role.The plot is presented in such a way that you feel every step Carl takes in his conquest of Los Santos you feel the loss as hes betrayed when things are going so well and banished to the country you feel his clawing back up, making new friends who help him build an empire across the state and back to where it all began.As all that Carl has built steers toward the final battle, you feel the tension as his hometown descends into chaos reminiscent of the Los Angeles riots of 92. At the end of it all, youll find yourself looking fondly on his accomplishments, his friends, even his trials and his enemies.Finally, the atmosphere.I remember looking out the window of a car dealership in GTA III the one with the Banshee and wishing that I was looking out into miles of farmland that I could actually explore. It amazes me to think that the devs of Rockstar were as inspired by imagination and wanderlust as I was. While San Andreas carried a lot of what Rockstar would later pejoratively label empty space, I appreciated it more than many fans, apparently. I loved it. It felt real, being stranded in the desert outside Las Venturas, a road trip through the green country on the other side of the map, flying over empty lands to find a magnificent dam and small community in the middle of nowhere. The graphics at the time were getting outdated, but the imagination and content even the empty space made up for it a thousand times.From my opening hour experiencing this world back on Playstation 2, Grove Street was my home. I was there. I laughed like a little girl at how real it felt when I helped hold up a fast food joint.After each mission, when Carl would return home for the evening, I felt like I was headed home after a hard days work. Dropping the friends home on the way was an especially nice touch. When I would return to Grove Street years later in GTA V, I got a little mistyeyed. Although the place had changed, it felt the same. A bitterness arose on seeing the culdesac littered with Ballas.Plot, characterization, setting. Each of these things were executed with power and precision by a company who to this day put their damnest into every thread of every tapestry they roll out to us. They are the masters of their craft and no one in the industry has deserved this level of success more than they. 