San Andreas is one of the best games in the GTA franchise, if not the best one. With this game they took everything up a notch from the previous games, by expanding on some of the things introduced in Vice City, building a massive game world and stuff it with a good story, believeable characters and the biggest arsenal of vehicles and guns yet. Again leaning more towards a carefully orchestrated experience rather than the arcadelike gameplay earlier in the series. I think they did a good job balancing between the two in this game, for the most part. I find it hard to point out many faults, but there are a few, in my view.While they created a massive world for this game with surprising detail, theres little incentive to actually explore most of it. There are hidden things spread around, but unlike the hidden packages in GTA 3 and Vice City, they dont immidiately give you any rewards, and so they arent as fun looking for. It is, however, an absolute pleasure to pick a vehicle of your choice and just drive by the countryside, or fly over it, without any other purpose.You can now take over gang territory, but the process is tedious and youll also have to defend it. The territories are split up too much and youll have to fight off three waves of dumb AI every time. As you progress in the game, you will lose that territory anyway, so its just a waste. As in Vice City, you can purchase properties and businesses, but the latter is only unlocked through the quest line. Properties have little use other than to offer an extra save spot, sadly, and you probably wont have the need to collect the money your businesses generate.In San Andreas the protagonist can and will, forcefully get into relationships. Fortunately, you can for the most part get along fine without tending these relationships with tedious, mindless tasks. Theres just one exception, I think. You can also work at a gym, pick hairstyles, get tatoos and choose a wardrobe, which are all fairly uninteresting activities, but as with relationships, theyre pretty much optional.Despite these small things, this is a game I can warmly recommend without hesitation. In many ways, I think this is the game to measure later games in the franchise against. So much has been done right with this one. Its going to be tough to beat. 