I never thought that a couple of internet memes would make me want to play a game. I was proven wrong.Grand Theft Auto  San Andreas is an awesome game. How good is it, though? Well, heres what I want to say.This is my first GTA game at the time of my writing this, and boy, Im glad I played it. The characters are the first thing Ill talk about here. Carl Johnson, or CJ, is a great character to play as. His backstory is quite compelling in some ways, although there are one or two characters in the series who have better backstories. Throughout the game, he has some great moments, and some hilarious ones. The main people in the Grove Street families, like Sweet CJs brother, Ryder and Big Smoke CJs old friends, and Kendl CJs sister, all have some great moments, especially in the first quarter of the game. Many people know Big Smoke from the wellknown giant order scene early in the game, but I feel those people should actually play the game, because theres so many moments that trump that one in terms of comedy or overall greatness. Officer Frank Tenpenny, voiced by the one and only Samuel L. Jackson, is also one of the best villains in video games history. Enough said. Theres also many, many other memorable characters in the game, like The Truth, Cesar, Woozie, etc. I wont spoil exactly who they are, but trust me, they are great.The reason I said the first quarter of the game above is because I feel theres four quarters to the game. The first takes place in Los Santos, CJs home and the home of the Grove Street Families, and a lot of the characters in the game. The second takes place in the rural area outside of Los Santos, where CJ gets into some antics with an unstable woman named Catalina, where he befriends The Truth, and does some other things. Halfway through the game, and most of the third quarter, and, in my opinion, the finest part of the game, takes place in the big city of San Fierro, where CJ meets Woozie and the triads, gets into some crazy stuff with Cesar, and is also home to the most overrated mission in the game, Supply Lines. Honestly, it took me 3 tries, and it was nowhere near as hard as people said it was. The rest of the third quarter takes place in the hot, rural desert area outisde of San Fierro. There, you go to flight school, which is also overrated, and do some flying missions. You also do some missions for The Truth, which are pretty cool. The final fourth quarter, and the second best part of the game, takes place in Las Venturas, where you do stuff for rival Italian gangs, pull off a big casino heist, and a couple other things. Then, you travel back to Los Santos, tie up loose ends, and the game wraps up quite smoothly.The missions start off normal, doing stuff for your homies in Grove Street, like getting more guns, offing rival gang members, but then, it gets awesome, brutal, and ridiculous. Eventually, you rob banks, steal a tanker, kill a bunch of construction workers because they dissed one of your friends, frame a DA, steal some cars, save some refugees on a cargo ship from Vietnamese gangs, break into a secret military base, steal a jetpack, then use the same jetpack to get onto a moving train to steal a weird flask of green goo, ride a motorcycle into a moving jet, then detonate explosive charges to bring down the plane while parachuting down, save a washed up rapper from committing suicide, hijack a jet while its in the air, steal dynamite from a quarry, pull off a big casino heist, and escaping on the roof while a helicopter chases after you, and finally, ending it all off with battling rival gangs and old friends who betrayed you in a climactic final assault. And thats not all the story has to offer. There are some actually hard missions here, and often times, beating those missions is easier said than done.The radio stations here are all unique, and great to listen to. My favourites are Radio Los Santos, which includes actually good rap with meaning unlike todays mainstream garbage, where all they care about is money, women, and cool cars. Kendrick Lamar is good, though. Favourite songs from there are It Was a Good Day by Ice Cube, and Eazyer Said Than Dunn by EazyE. Radio X, where theres awesome alternative rock, especially the songs Personal Jesus by Depeche Mode, and Cult of Personality by Living Colour. And finally, CSR 103.9, and my favourite song from there is Motownphilly by Boyz II Men. SFUR is also good, but not as good as those three.Overall, what is my opinion on GTA  San Andreas? Its simply fantastic. Great characters, great story, memorable moments and missions, and a great set of radio stations you can listen to while you cruise down the road at high speeds at night.Final score  10/10. 