is the third game of the serie Grand Thef Auto, three years later than2002, and two years later than2003. The game engine is based on RenderWare, developed by the British game developer Criterion Software. Twelve years on, Sandoesnt have great graphics. It doesnt have great physics. But who cares? A game cant be measured for its graphics andis a perfect example of that.will always be the best game of the series. My childhood is all here.If the previous ones GTAs concentrated in one city, this new one take you to play in statewide.expands the series concept to encompass three entire cities, as well as the countryside between them. The gameplay is similar to the previous ones games, with a packing explosive set pieces and amazing actionmovielike. In fact, its arguably the best game in the series.As said before, the game occurs in 1992 in the West Coastthemed state of San Andreas, which is heavily based on California and Nevada. San Andreas is an island containing three cities. Youll begin the game in the city of Los Santos, which is based roughly on Los Angeles and consists of a mixture of ritzy downtown areas and the gangland ghettos of South Central. San Fierro is based on San Francisco, reproducing the real citys hilly terrain and everpresent fog. The games third city is Las Venturas, which is a great take on early90s Las Vegas, complete with a strip full of casinos and the surrounding desert. San Andreas is definitely a much larger place than Vice City, and the growth of the player is handled intelligently. There are plenty of things to do both in and out of the cities, and the missions are especially well done and with a nice difficulty level.San Andreas draws its inspiration from the ghetto and gangsta struggle films of the early 90s. And it is the stage for the arrival of the main character of the game, the eternal CJ  aka Carl Johnson. In San Andreas, you play your role. The game opens with Carl returning to Los Santos after spending the last five years in GTA IIIs Liberty City. But his homecoming isnt a happy one. Hes returning home because his mother has been killed. Carl isnt on the ground for more than an hour before hes picked up by a pair of crooked cops and thrown right back into the middle of the street life he left Los Santos to avoid.As soon as you reach to Los Santos, you have the priority to reestablish the reputation of your gang, the Grove Street Families. The objective is to put your set back on the map. GSF has fallen into disarray over the last five years, and their influence is minimal at best. So you, along with the three other leaders of the gang, the longwinded Big Smoke, the dustsmoking Ryder, and your stubborn brother, Sweet, set out to take back the streets from your rivals, the Ballas, who have turned to dealing crack to earn money and gain influence in the hood. You established a set of missions to take back your territory, starting small with things like spraypainting over other gangs tags which is one of the many new types of actions that replace previous GTA games moregeneric hidden package collecting here, but quickly moving up to drivebys and other acts of extreme gangsterism. But theres a whole lot more in.is perfect because joined action, comedy and a lot of interesting moments with other characters of the game. And doesnt all in game is about missions of CJ. Youll have the chance to do a lot of other things, such physical activities, minigames, go to shops, or hairdresser/barber, and more. In fact, the game is very well thinking. These extracurricular activities are important to improve CJs health, that will be central to do future missions.The sights and sounds of San Andreas are incredibly amazing.has improved textures that make the world more vibrant, signs more readable, and characters clearly more reals and less caricatured. However, the framerate looks a little weak, but its ok, because only really manifesting when the camera is moved around quickly or too many cars are on the road, but it can become distracting when it plays out during action sequences. Lastly, the game has support for control and works perfectly.No more spoilers, now just put your focus on the game or if you playedbefore, well, do like me, play it again. Believe in me when I say this game is one of the best games till date. 