The Grand Theft Auto series is like comfort food. Its one Ive always been able to go to for reliably charming characters, enthralling story and gameplay, with presented moments leaving me curious to dive in and see whats new and exciting.San Andreas is not an exception to this! In fact, in my books, it defines those exact values.As far as the story goes, the protagonist returns to his hometown, where he then finds his family and friends going downhill. Then framed by two highranking and corrupt policemen, hes on the run getting into all sorts of hijinks and shenanigans, traveling far and wide meeting and getting involved with all sorts of interesting characters!Simply navigating the variety of environments in the vehicles provided feels good. The weight of the cars is just right and though the friction their wheels provide against the ground could be called a little slidey and difficult to maintain, its rewarding to feel yourself master the way it works as the game progresses, both through ingame stats and your own technical ability. The gunplay isnt anything too special, but every weapon does what it should and theres one or a few in every expected category though some are definitely outside of what youd expect for getting the job done and more.There is absolutely no shortage of missions, and while some can be stubborn, every one is fun in premise. Its important to be careful, because any one mistake no matter the size can screw the whole gig over and cause you a lot of time! On missions where youre driving somebody important, which there are many of, flipping the car upsidedown will cause it to catch on fire and, in time, explode. The person inside wont leave, and instead will sit there waiting for their demise, giving you a long time to think about how much they must hate you and an even longer time to think about how much you hate them. If you fail a mission, to try again you must make it all the way back in the world to the starting point... and this can lead to awkward and tedious situations, since some missions can take you pretty far away from where you began. Not to mention that if death is the cause of defeat, youll lose all your guns and some of your cash you could use to help get them back! Any indoor segments can be clunky and frustrating, with the games onfoot mechanics of navigation and battle noticeably designed overall to work better outdoors. It adds a good amount of pressure to not screw up when you know things can go wrong at any time, but it can be hard to keep sane when half your mistakes can be so easily blamed on the game!With missions put to the side, theres still much to play with outside of them. The world is full of things to do like play basketball, pool, or arcade games you can go racing, disco dancing, gambling, or do some work as a paramedic... and thats just the start! The protagonist can change and be customized in many different ways you can fatten him up with junk food, buff him up at the gym, get him tattooed at the tattoo shop, change his clothes to your liking, or take him to the barber for a trim! Or an afro, seemingly straight out of nowhere? While one of the few things you cant change about him is what he says and how he acts, throwing him in a pair of boxers with hearts on them as he goes about his business will seem to change his tone a bit. On a bit of the downside, there are a lot of collectibles, with no clues as to where they would be, all over the place in odd locations. This is an absolute pain to anybody whos picky about getting everything done, but resources can be found online which list the location of every one, and if its not something important to you then know that youre not missing out on much! All rewards are something nice to have, but are pretty much all superfluous, as you can already obtain just about everything they offer otherwise. There are a few exclusives, but still, theyre nothing fun or exciting, only helpful, so dont worry!For the age of the game, the graphics stand up well to the test of time. Not in their realism, but in the style they are consistently represented in. Everything is solid from one thing to another, and the world is beautiful to look at from every angle, though it shines especially when everything can be seen complimenting one another at once from a distance! Indoors the attention to detail can be lacking, especially in some of the missionexclusive locations, but youll be finding yourself outside most of the time anyhow, and its nothing that will break the experience when you arent.The soundtrack consists of licensed tracks, and is represented through the different radio stations youll hear while driving, which offer from one to another a good selection of just about anything anybody could be into. It sticks true to the early nineties setting, the list of tracks being full of nothing but memorable songs! Each radio station has commercials brimming with heavy satire, alongside an eccentric disc jockey who chimes in every now and again. Theres no shortage of both hit classics and hidden gems which anybody should be happy to hear again or to be introduced to. Its all topnotch, and compliments the time youll spend in cares quite well! Even if you dont like whats presented, since this is the PC version of the game you can add your own tracks into the game if youd like, which will have their own radio station.For anybody new to the series, Id suggest this being the place to start. To get through the story alone takes fifty to sixty hours, but if that seems like a bit much, dont worry! Itll be hard to notice the time flying by when theres so much fun to be had. With a wide variety of weapons, vehicles, sidegames, and a gigantic world to play with all you find and gain within, the game lives up well to the title of the series, which even outside of context gets to the point its grand, theres theft, and loads of auto! ...Auto meaning, yknow, automobiles... 