If ever there was a game that recieved more blind support, please let me know. GTA San Andreas is easily the most overrated game I have ever played, with GTA fans calling it the best in the series, purely out of nostalgia. The game has so many problemsbroken driving every single time i try to drive in this game, my vehicle veers off in strange directions and crashes into something. For a game thats all about stealing cars, this is a very, very  system. I understand that the game is old, but Ive played games from the same era that had WAY better driving. This game has no ecuse, and the driving ruins the entire game in itself for me.horrible camera even for an older game, the camera is absolute garbage. you CANNOT look around while in a car without crashing into a wall, which made some missions way harder than they needed to be. Why does this game insist on making missions like the one where you chase the Mexican guy on the bike, when every time you follow him across a road, a car hits you from the side because you cant see it because the camera wont let you turn and look without driving into a signpost? Its frustrating and broken.useless RPG elements why the hell do you need to eat to stay healthy? Its a damn video game! These health elements are useless and annoying, and Im very glad they were taken out of the series.boring story GTA SA follows a super generic storyline, where you are a gangster who rses to the top. Its exactly what everyone expects, and yet people say that the story is better than GTA V? Get over your nostalgia and stop worshipping  games.Of course, there are things I love about this game, but the things I love can be found in every GTA game. San Andreas is nothing special, and it just doesnt hold up anymore. It has aged VERY badly.Its time for us all to admit that GTA V is by far, the best GTA game yet. It has so much to offer A great storyline, great driving, topnotch shooting mechanics, amazing customization, awesome  hilarious multiplayer, tons of variety in the missions, awesome cars, awesome music, great graphics, tons of activities and cool side missions, and a more genuine, detailed, and beautiful game world than any other game that I have ever played.While still a huge and amazing game, San Andreas has very little to offer from a gameplay standpoint. I would stay away from this game if you have already played and enjoyed GTA V or GTA IV. Dont let people hype this game up, and definitely dont believe that this is the best GTA game if you go in with that mindset, you will be sorely disappointed. 