Gday, mates!I like this game. It is almost a piece of art, although a rather plain one. I like the invisible goals of this game, as it can make crowds laugh, friendships happen, and love to come forward. There is just one tiny problem with any such game, and that is the multiplayerfunctionality. The only problem with any multiplayer game is that they are multiplayer games. I have been stuck in the socalled DMG elo hell, for half a year. I have been constantly topfragging, but by a miracle I have far too often somehow been able to lose 1416 with over 30 frags total and over 15 frags more than anyone on my team. Sure, there are exceptions, such as the game that I won last week with 44 frags and only 1 player on my team getting over 20. We won that game 1614, by the way. I dont have that many friends who are good in this game, and no one I know trains themselves in the art of eSports. I have dozens of friends who play with me, but lately Ive been wanting to play in a more challenging skillgroup, as frustration is salty, toxic and a close neighbour. I wish many more people would like this game and practice so they would get on my level, as it is rather difficult to proceed in life when surrounded by accidents and mistakes, and by that I dont mean people, but rather the actions they take. If only I was a little bit better so that I could teach people how to do stuff correctly, but as I am not good enough, I shall just review this game.grand theft auto san andreas is a classic firstpersonshooter. It combines teamwork, intelligence and individual skill to be able to create harmony between victory and loss. The terrorists either plant a bomb or hold hostages, as they are supposed to be the bad guys, and every player in this game gets to be the bad guys as much as they get to be the good guys. The counterterrorists either defuse the bomb or rescue the hostages, as they are the good guys. Now, let me repeat again what I told you, the readers, before. grand theft auto san andreas combines teamwork, intelligence and individual skill to be able to create harmony between victory and loss. Now think about those three for a moment! If any of those three factors are not on par with the others, it will affect the game and the results of the harmony. In other words, if any of those three factors are not on par with the other two, the players skillgroup and ranking will drop. If one has all three, they will stand on the top. However, if one player alone has to compensate for the whole teams lack of individual skill and intelligence, the teamwork cannot function. I know, I know, this is just me complaining about bad luck and lack of skill, but bear with me! It is difficult to carry games, as many people can imagine, but why would one need to carry if everyone played to win, right? If one goes to a match with a friend and just plays to have fun, others will just suffer. That is a fact, and not a statement. I play to win, but I seem to most usually encounter people who are satisfied with their abilities. I, however, am not satisfied with their abilities, as they will lose unless carried against a worse team.I am tired of only being on the top of my team. If you are still reading this, thank you. Like this review if you liked itobviously, and have a nice day, even if youd be surrounded by defeat and depression. Keep going! Keep moving on, and emerge victorious in life, in videogames, or in whatever you want to be! See ya on the top!