Played Vice City on Steam last year as I wanted to replay it due to sweet time I had with it when I was younger.I had absolutely no issues with the game. All I had to do was one minor mouse fix  I was set. After I completed it, I couldnt wait till I fire up San Andreas.Boy, do I regret that decision. The game crashes at random points, sometimes consecutively about three times, so save scumming was a necessity. Frame rate limiter being off makes the game smoother but breaks fundamental mechanics of the game, like swimming. CJ swims at the same speed regardless if you hold a sprint or swim faster button or not. So in this case, youre forced to switch limiter back on. Its still playable but higher frame rate means smoother experience  thats a fact. Due to forced frame rate limiter, aiming with a mouse is less precise  more frustrating. Feels like an input delay. Mouse steering is unbelievably sensitive. You can switch it off but if you have it as an option, then it should work flawlessly. Mouse sensitivity settings dont save at all, making you change it every time you fire up the game, unless Im missing something here. AI is the most moronic Ive seen. Crashes into vehicles  walls especially on freeways, speeds up unnaturally, recruiting gang members makes no difference in combat considering the fact they are badly programmed, territory takeover was tedium due to enemy AI running away from the battlezone, racing missions are easy since your opponents crash into obstacles, AI sometimes drive into walls indefinitely  there is probably more. Animations are laughably inferior to the previous two titles. RPG system feels pointless. It would be better without it. In fact, one mission forces you to grind swimming skills. Dating mechanic is broken. Heck, dating mechanic shouldnt even exist in the game to begin with. Its nothing but annoyance. Territory takeover is boring  sleepinducing. Our Hood Is Under Attack can screw right off. Very few characters are interesting. The rest of the crew is dull  nothing interesting. Most of the missions are too long  the fact the game likes to crash, doesnt make it any more enjoyable to play.Most of the missions make no sense to the story  feel like filler poop. Huge empty world with very little to explore. Some cars fishtail like crazy regardless if you manage to take control of the vehicle. Probably purposely implemented due to RPG system. Cool features removed from San Andreas that were in Vice City, like pizza boy missions, rampage tokens  helping cops stop the criminal they are chasing after  rewarding you 50 . If you happen to help a cop, youll get a one star wanted level. lol ok Most of the side content is repetitive. During some missions, vehicles youd think to destroy them  try to strategize your escape or something, end up invincible even against explosives. Hit  collision detection are terrible.If you combine all of the above into one package, you can clearly see how bad it is compare to Vice City.And no, folks. Having more content doesnt automatically mean its a better game than previous titles.Disappointed. Sequel with more content but less polish  lesser quality overall. Abysmal port as well.