I loved it. I would have written a review for the original one since thats the one that got me hooked on the series, but I played that one on the PS3, so I cant review the PC version. Fair enough. I have the PC version now, though, and am planning on playing it.Revelations, on the other hand, I played all the way through on the PC version. First off, if youve played this game or any of the others on the consoles only, you have no idea what theyre supposed to look like. The graphics are astounding. That out of the way, the obligatory eye candy factor, whats the game really like?The good As is the case in every previous installment, you can lose yourself completely in this one. You dont have to, but if you want to spend a month playing nothing but this game, you can. On the other hand, and thats another thing I like, if you just like the story, you dont have to invest the rest of your year in it. And its a good story too. Great dialogue, color and characters that actually feel real with a few twists thrown in on top. As I like to say when I run into that rare creature, the game with a good story, it would make a great movie.It ties up a lot of loose ends too, closing out the stories of Altair and Ezio very well indeed and, quite frankly, even as a fan I was beginning to reach the point where I wasnt sure that Ezios story, as fascinating as it is, could be milked any further. I like closure. At some point. Im done with Ezio and Altair now, and not in a bad way. Its all good.The bad? The side games get a bit repetitive. At first I was determined to dominate the Med and renovate every public lavatory in Constantinople before Id finish the game. At the end, not so much. But thats what I like about these games You can carry on with the side games, quests, minigames and so on for as long as you like them, and then you can get right back into the story and finish the thing if youve had all you can stand. And youll STILL end up with weeks of play time. You dont miss out on anything.Except for the Desmonds Journey optional side game, which I only made it through the second sequence of before I tired of it. Placing blocks in space and playing first person Tetris just doesnt do it for me, sorry. But I didnt lose anything because of it, so shrug. I would have loved to hear all about Desmond growing up, though, but it just wasnt worth it for me.Overall? A great romp. Beautiful, stunning even, with a story that reads like a book to the point where I couldnt wait to go to the next mission point to find out what happened next. Just like a good book. That with some awesome fight animations, controls that keep getting better and cinematics made for movies, not to mention the awesome soundtrack and its a very nice package of awesome interactive entertainment indeed. Oh, and with a bit of history thrown in for good measure.I may be lonely in appreciating the database entries about historic locations and people, but I appreciate them very much. History isnt taught near enough in schools nowadays.9 out of 10. 