It took 14 hours to finish this game.Just like the previous game, AC Brotherhood, they continue the trend of improving on the negative aspects of previous games. I think it definitely helps with your enjoyment of this game to play it right after beating the ACB because it helps you appreciate the imrpovements and differences.Combat is improved with the addition of stronger enemies that cant be instakilled. It encourages you to make more use of your various tools and stealth, which enhances the variety of the gameplay.The long climbing / freerunning segments in ACB could feel like a boring slog at times. Theyve dramatically improved that in this game  any sections that have an emphasis on freerunning and climbing have an engaging, welldesigned flow to them that was lacking in the previous games. The addition of the hook blade makes climbing more engaging because you can go faster if you use the hook correctly, and it allows the levels to give you more of a sense of speed and traversal because of things like zip lines and long jumps. Overall, these sections have gone from being a dreadfully boring thing that you just have to force yourself through to a very fun and exciting bit of gameplay.The setting in ACB was starting to get stale after being so similar to AC2. Things like the voice clips, ambience, architecture, and stuff like that just started to make the game feel a little bit too familiar. Theyve addressed this by bringing you to a whole new, unique location in this game. It seems like a small difference, but it really is a great relief to not be hearing the same random voice clips from the guards and citizens as they react to you.The only spots where I didnt enjoy the game involved having to redo certain long sections during missions when I failed or when a bug caused me to fail, and the towerdefence like mode where you have to defend your captured strongholds. In such a huge game as this, random bugs are an inevitability. Thankfully, the checkpointing system is usually quite forgiving or at least I got lucky, so you only have the occasional frustrating moment, but there were a few sections where I had failed right before a checkpoint and had to replay 5 minutes or so. Thats just not very fun when those 5 minutes are pretty much the same every time. Theres really only a few missions that have the capacity to be frustrating, though. As for the towerdefense, its just not fun. I frequently found that, while I could successfully and easily hold back all of the waves, I lost right at the end when the siege unit comes through. When that happens, you may find yourself in a situation where you dont have money for more units so you just have to sit there watching the siege unit plunk away at your base until you die. I think that youre supposed to disband the units that the siege engine has already passed and reassign them to be near your base, but I ended up not getting a chance to try this out. Anyway, I dont come to this game for towerdefence, so its kind of an annoying interruption. You can avoid it in several ways, thankfully, so as long as you put a little bit of effort towards that end, you wont have to deal with tower defence.Theres plenty of other things that I wont go into that adds to the appeal of this game.Overall, I think its more fun than ACB because they had time to see what people thought about ACB and improve upon it.