Following the events of Brotherhood, Desmond Miles is now in a coma, trapped within the Animus. He now must seek the aid of Subject 16 who hacked and programed himself into the Animus before his death to find a way to break out of his coma. However, in order to do so, he must relive Ezios last mission.Ezio Auditore da Firenze, now Mentor of the Italian Brotherhood, having removed the Borgia once and for all, now has become old and weary. The constant war between the Templars and Assassins has now taken its toll on him. Now he only seeks wisdom, wisdom that has been left behind by the Master Assassin, Altair IbnLaAhad. Ezio now travels from Rome to Syria, leaving the Brotherhood under the guidance of his sister Claudia to search for the Great Library that is locked inside Masyaf Castle. However, upon arrival, Ezio finds Masyaf garrisoned by Templars and the library locked behind a strange door and learns that the keys have been taken and hidden in the city of Constantinople. There, Ezio arrives and finds himself welcomed with open arms from the Turkish Brotherhood. However, Ezio learns that the Templar presense in the city is strong and the Turkish Brotherhood is in need of a wise and experienced leader. Ezio must now race against the Templars for the Masyaf keys and aid his fellow Assassins in foiling whatever the Templars are plotting for the city. Ezio must now put aside retirement for a little longer and prepare to fight his last battle.I personally enjoy this title dearly, because it gives us closing terms for both Altair and Ezio. We have been with Ezio since birth and have been with him through victories and defeats. Now we go with Ezio as he embarks on his final mission. The gameplay is identical with Brotherhood, being limited within a single yet vast city. Constantinople is very colorful and bright if compared to Rome. Gameplay mechanics are still the same, but graphics have been improved. The economy system is still the same, like in Brotherhood, by renovating shops and landmarks to increase your income. You would also have to clear and secure Templar dens in order to free a district.While Revelations share very similar gameplay as in Brotherhood, it has also added some new and welcoming features. New gadgets like the hookblade to climb faster, and crafting a nice variety of bombs to kill or distract your enemies. Also, the Assassin Recruitment system has been improved, now you can assign Assassin Recruits to oversee districts of the city, unlocking mission in which you aid your recruit to hunt down a Templar agent the missions are not repetative which are a great welcome. Also, the Templars have the ability to launch a counterattack and reclaim a den that you have liberated to keep the fight for the city interesting. A new gamemode has been added which is Den Defense, basically, its like a Tower defence minigame in which you and your recruits must hold and stop the Templars from storming the den. Also, with the recruit missions the ones which you send recruits to other cities to complete various tasks and generate income and experience, you can also liberate cities and send recruits and resources to reinforce and hold the city from the Templars. The more resources and recruits you put into a city, the more likely it will not fall back into Templar hands.Definitely one that you should never pass. This is Ezios final chapter and it must be experienced by all Assassin Creed fans. You will also learn what became of Altair, and share his final memories. The ending is a perfect and emotional sendoff for two of the best Assassins from this entire franchise.