AC Revelations is the bookend on the Ezio arc, tying up his story and neatly bringing it all back to Altair, from the first game. I really like the decision to give Altair a final conclusion and make it playable. It adds depth to the story and to the lore when you connect these two characters, centuries apart. It gives a nice sense of history. Then, of course, there are the Desmond sections. Personally Ive never hated them as much as some, mostly it just seems like a missed opportunity. The potential is there to add a lot to the story but its just under and/or incorrectly utilized. That being said when it isnt forcing you through inane free running puzzles you do learn a little about Desmonds past, about why and how he ended up where he is.For the most part base gameplay is unchanged. The biggest differences are the addition of a hook blade which mostly effects free running higher climbing jumps and zip lining, bomb crafting/use use is up to your play style. You dont have to use them but they can be useful, and a tower defense mini game that is thankfully entirely optional which begs the question why is this in the game?. The combat is a little less of a grind with the counterkill/killstringing system which can have you speeding through a group of enemies in a flash. Although the ability to kill an entire group of guards without breaking stride makes you wonder why they bother having the fights in the first place. Unfortunately this tweaking of the combat system has continued the trend away from actual planning and assassination toward big raging battles and waves of enemies. There are a few forced stealth sections but those are almost always very linear with a clear path and sequence of actions. Its really a shame because they give you so many weapons and skills but dont really give a lot of ways to fully utilize them in a stealthy way.Overall this really is one of the better games so far in the series. The game world is still huge and beautiful and stabbing guards in the neck from the third story doesnt really get old. If youve played the rest of the excellent Ezio story arc then this is a must play. If you havent then you should go play the others first then pick up Revelations. 