This game has been getting a lot of criticism, from players and critics alike, but I URGE fans of the franchise to muster all their patience and stay with this game through the somewhat lacking opening and certain annoying gameplay elements. Why? Because. The finale is breathtaking, bringing an excellent conclusion to the stories and lives of two remarkable characters, Ezio and Altair. I will admit that the first chapters may seem somewhat fillerish, and Desmond sidestory is marred by questionable gameplay, but trust me, your patience will be well rewarded.Reviewers complain about villains, saying theyre not bad enough Gamesradar review, not as fun as the Borgias. Way to miss one of the points of the entire series. The game makes an emphasis on the fact that Templars are not evil, and Assassins are not good  those two are merely world views, perhaps one with more merit than the other, but neither is infallible. People fail to realize that Assassins are essentially a terrorist/intelligence organization that forges alliances and removes people to further its nebulous cause, a distant idea of freedom, not to uphold good. And it makes sense that this conclusion is not apparent to those whove only played AC1/AC2/B, since both protagonists were young and foolishly romantic back then. This is why I consider it very important to play Revelations, as it sheds light on the bigger picture of the ancient struggle and the fragility and imperfection of the Creed, through the wise eyes of aging Ezio and Altair. If this fails to move you, then there is exploration of mortality, regrets, retrospective, love of life  Revelations greatly amplifies the beautiful sadness of watching Ezio and Altairs lives come to an end.As for the gameplay, combat is a little bit tougher than in Brotherhood kickspamming is no longer stupidly effective  enemies are tougher, 100 synchronization in individual missions is quite hard to achieve, thanks to simple but better challenges, such as lose no health, whereas Brotherhood mostly peppered you with stealth challenges which were rather simple, especially with the crossbow. Furthermore, the Assassin training minigame is now much more rewarding, not to mention that the old and wise Ezio is now a true mentor, who gets a chance to work with individual aspiring master assassins personally, through the assassin sidequests  which, by the way, touch upon the moral dilemmas, gray area and the paradoxes of the Creed. ACRevelations fleshes out the Assassin brotherhood theme MUCH better than ACBrotherhood, and Im amazed that so few people recognize this. Your pet assassins finally have some sort of personality, and you feel more compelled to keep them safe. Another nice touch is that each assassin randomly chooses favorite tactics and weapon sets yes, there are even crossbow/hidden blade assassins, and they use bombs, too.Also, if you hate the Tower Defense minigame, its VERY easy to avoid entirely  just make sure you watch your notoriety meter. The only time youre forced to play it is the first den defense tutorial mission, and its hardly something to complain about. Hell, some might even enjoy it I almost did. You also dont have to craft bombs if you dont feel like it.I put this game easily on par with Assassins Creed 2, and as far as emotional engagement is concern, I would put it even above any of its great predecessors. 