This was my least favorite of the Assassins Creed titles. After the cliff hanger ending in the proceeding title, we should have recieved a better payoff in this installment. All of the other installments had an awesome back and forth between present day and the past... with two story lines moving forward in ways that amazingly come togehter. By contrast this game takes place pretty much entirely within Desmonds unconcious mind and the past. Sure, we still go back in time, Ezzios story is unnecessarily extended, but very little happens to advance Desmonds story or move it beyond the previous installment. To put it another way, this games moved the Assassin Creed storyline about as far as the second Matrix movie moved that series along  which is to say, more of the same damn thing and a big to be continued at the end. If anything, the storyline was cheapened considerably by a backstory presented on these terrible surreal levels where you only hear people from Desmonds past talking while you try to get from one point on a surreal map to another.Desmond storyline changes from being young bartender kidnapped off the street by an evil corporation who he knows nothing about and forced into a machine that transports him back into a war between his ancestors and their sworn enemy  a war he knew nothing about and did not know he would become part of  to a guy who really, really should have seen all this coming and not been so confused or surprised when the templars eventually abducted him to use him for their evil purposes. Way to completely ruin the storyline of the first few titles. Unless I missed something when playing the first few titles, Desmond didnt know who Abstergo was initially, why they wanted him, knew nothing about the Assassins and temlpars, had no idea he was born into this war. In Revelations, we learn he grew up on a farm run by the modern day Assassins, was forced to train every day, and was told, repeatedly by his parents how he would oneday become a part of this battle. His parents even told him all about Abstergo and how evil and corrupt they were. He knew who they were, knew they were after him, and he was trained for 16 years by assassins... why did he even need the bleeding effect to gain the skills of an assassin... he was raised by assassins... and told he was an assassin... Is this not a gigantic plot hole?Moving along, there are unnecessary changes to the gameplay, again, which means you have to learn all over, again, the best way to fight. For me, this was the worst port to PC in terms of gameplay mechanics. In the preceeding titles, fighting was very fluid and natural whereas Revelations felt almost clumsy by comparison. There are several new components to the game, including a tower defense mode, which didnt really advance the game or make you feel like an assassin, as well mentoring and overseeing many new assasins. I actually enjoyed recruiting new assassins, but once you have them all you do with them is send them on missions to level them up and make you money and influence missions you never really see or get to play  and they either succeed or fail which gives you more or less influence over cities you never really visit in person in the game... Victory can be ensured for each mission as long as you send your best recruits, which just makes this component of the game boring and tedious.Revelations took me less than 10 hours to complete the storyline and unltimately stop playing and I like to take my time  compare this to the 39 hours I spent on ACII, the 32 hours I spend on ACBrotherhood, and the 22 hours I spent on AC. In terms keeping my attention and keeping me interested, this game just paled by comparison to the other games in the series. Add the awful backstory for Desmond and the sort of far fetched time to save the planet from solar destruction not templars and we end up with a dissapointing addition to the overally story.Even a bad assassins creed is still a good game, but I cant really say I recommend this one. 