So after starting this game in 2012 I finally came around to finishing it in 2016... This is because playing a big open world game like this feels like a rather big undertaking for me. Not that the games are bad, just that they demand alot of time and I rather not get into it unless I feel I have that time without feeling stressed about it. Once I started up again I played it almost every day until I finished though.Im gonna review this in the aspect of it being the last part of the Ezio Trilogy. I was delighted to spend more time with Ezio Auditore, and get to some sort of conclusion with him and Desmond.Compaired to the other two, I have to say this is my least favourite though. The settings are not as varied or beautiful as in AC II, nor are the missions. Constantinople is the only city you see and a rather bland one at that apart from a dreary underground cave town, and a bit of the boring Masyaf by the end of the game. I miss the horse riding from previous installments though I seem to be in the minority there, colors, the warmth of characters like Leonardo Da Vinci,  more humour. There are no set pieces that stand out like before, apart from SPOILER! running along burning ships in the harbour. SPOILER END!I dont mind playing an older Ezio, that suits the story progression fine, and he is a wonderful man when he is more wheathered  experienced. But I did not feel as emotionally involved as I did in II or even Brotherhood. The supporting voice cast are also less stellar than in past efforts, with exception of John De Lancie.In II, we got to experience Ezio grow from a young scoundrel to a avenger of his family, and to a defender of the people and freedom in general. The story moved at a steady pace, and I shed a tear over the tragedies in his life, as well as stood in awe over the beauty of the scenery at times, accompanied by the exquisite music by Jesper Kyd. It was close to a perfect game in my opinion.So it was a tough act to follow, naturally. Brotherhood did well though, almost as well.All 3 are well worth your time and effort, but as they progressed they became less effective in their storytelling, and bugs and glitches increased as Ubisoft released them with what felt like increasing haste. Sure, one should ride on popularity and try and respond to fans and consumers thirst for more, but not at the expense of quality control.I suspect also that the writers didnt know how to end Desmonds, Ezios or Altairs stories, and just made it up as they went along, which is an oportunity lost. For me the ending of the trilogy left me wanting, but not for more or for clearer answers, but rather to replay AC II, to remember the series when it was at its best. 