So youve put in the work! You created a pitch black cape, grab a black leather glove from OJ Simpson fame taped a butter knife to your wrist and put on a raiders hooded sweatshirt. Youre totally ready for a new adventure as everyones favorite assassin Enzio Auditore. You start up the game excited to finally see what really happened during the events of the previous game.. cliff hangers tend to do that...Nothing more needs to be said as the real life story isnt driven forward much at all in this game, but that doesnt detract away from the brilliance of this wonderful game..The Story....  Back again As Desmond Miles, only this time Desmond Miles is in a coma, brought upon by his interactions with the Apple from the previous game. Fear not, instead of seeking out medical attention, or generally waiting for Desmond to wake up as going into a coma is a serious side effect of the Animus.. his trusty companions decide the best course of action is to strap Desmond into the Animus for yet another fun and exciting adventure as Enzio.. Immediately youll notice something Enzio is a geriatric now. Hes old, he looks to have aged about 40 years since Brotherhood, but well let that slide because in all honesty Enzio is probably the coolest fictional old guy since the Dos Equis guy..Enzio finds himself in Constantinople, on a mission to discover the secrets of Altairs the assassin from the first game, for those who dont already know  Waltzing up and just going into the library would be too easy.. we are talking Assassins Creed here. So after a nice little tutorial missing youre thrust into Constantinople, all alone, broke, and injured.. The story picks up from there...  or it doesnt depending upon how you look at it..The Gameplay..  its fairly familiar by this point, run, jump, collect, kill, sneak... a few major additions in this game was the hook blade, a nice little addition, also you can now create bombs, lethal, stun and Smoke varieties.. These are pretty much game changers once you get used to how they work..  Another addition is red and yellow trails when you open up eagle sense. Its kind of cheap in all honesty, but sometimes you just want to watch the world burn.. Towers used from the last game are back.. only now they are no longer called Borgia towers since the Borgia family was pretty much removed from the AC universe in the second game  Now they are known as Dens, which you unlock to gain a new hideout for your assassins.Another neat addition to the game was den defense.. which is a simplified tower defense game, while the concept was pretty neat, in 24 hours of playing, I only managed to initiate 2 den defenses.. The first tutorial one, and the second one happened not too long after that.. It wasnt for lack of trying as I left my suspicion meter in the red for hours, and paid close attention to the map, wandering around various parts..  Needless to say I think this aspect was broken in my game for some reason..The recruitment system is back, and its been expanded upon quite considerable. You can now reach level 15 with individual assassins, and you can set them as leaders of the individual dens. Furthermore, the quest system seemed to receive an overhaul as well. Now you can have your assassins take over a city, instead of just quest there  when youre in control you receive cash, experience and bomb making materials. A neat addition to say the least, especially as money in this game is fairly difficult to come by until youve opened up almost all the shops and banks..As well as playing Enzio, youll get the chance to play as Altair.. although his missions are fairly limited but are really interesting and help show what became of Altair after you left him..Overall.. Id recommend this game, although after playing Assassin Creed 2 and Brotherhood, this game felt like more of the same, where as the previous games seemed to get better as time went on. Although it could have just been me starting to get burned out on Assassin Creed. Also the game didnt feel quite as epic or as well put together as the previous 3 games.. Not just the story but the bugs, glitches, and general unstable nature of the game.. especially when closing the program down, which crashes 90 of the time. Almost inexcusable at this point in time, matters are made worse because the crashing often times results in a locked up computer.Quick Note.. Multiplayer is still alive in this game, but its pretty much on life support. After playing Multiplayer long enough to get level 20 I can say that any new comers to multiplayer will be in for a very daunting task. Youll likely be matched with level 50s who have all the best perks equipped.. Although after I gained some levels and learned the game it was more fun than I expected.. Although some things a bit cheap, that comes with almost every online game.. 