Assassins Creed Revelations, the 4th not counting handheld spinoffs title in the annual Killing History Simulator Simulator, promised two things More Assassins Creed gameplay in a different setting and the conclusion to the stories of both Ezio Auditore and Altair ibnLaAhad. While both of these things are factual things the game actually delievers on, ultimately the entry comes up short in many other aspects.The story picks up many years after the events of Assassins Creed Brotherhood, with the fall of the Cesare Borgias and with Assassin Master/Superspy Ezio Auditore hiding the Apple of Eden for Desmond to find in the future.  Four years later, Ezio finds one of five keys needed to unlock Altars Library, sending him on a search for the rest in a tumultuous and violent Constantinople. While a solid and very video gamey setup, what follows is unfortuantely shapeless and uninteresting, often hitting similar story and character beats from the previous two Assassins Creed II games. Not to mention the Desmond timeline, which is padded out and only serves to set up conflict for the third game, without really saying much about Desmond or the supporting cast at all.The gameplay is bog standard Assassins Creed. If one is unfamiliar with that, imagine trying to climb slowly up similar looking buildings and running around on rooftops avoiding guards with an increasingly convoluted and bloated set up moves that requires holding down one button in order access half of your movement abilities. One should also not expect stealth mechanics, becaue they are practically nonexistant. One must hide in shrubs and wagons and wells in order to avoid guard detection, but outside of a few areas in the game in which a forced reset on being spot is used, combat is generally the best option. However, if one is expecting a deep weapons based combat system, prepare to be dissapointed by a system that is designed entirely around countering your enemies attacks. Thats it. One simply counters attacks in order to be successful at combat.Revelations as generic a subtitle as one can think of is a victim of publishing tactic called Annual Release, in which a successful franchise is produced on a yearly schedule, often using the same art assists and minor gameplay additions, often leading to contrived plots and half baked gameplay mechanics. In this case there are two new mechanics the first are through the form of bombs, in which Ezio can craft a multitude of them, only a handful of which are of any good use. The second is through a rather annoying tower defense mini game which appears if youre in too high of alert for too long of time. Fortunately, its rather easy to avoid this mini game and a player only has to ever do it once, unless they dont pay enough attention to their alert status. Its also telling that neither of these mechanics or minigames found themselves in sequels.Unfortunately the game does end in a rather satisfying way, so if you have played every Assassins Creed up to Revelations, it is worth playing through on that merit but only if its heavily discounted. Otherwise, one could easily skip this installment and jump straight from Brotherhood and on to Assassins Creed III.