If youve played Assassins Creed Brotherhood, dont expect much new in the way of game mechanics. If youre looking for a great conclusion to the Ezio story, then you will love this game. If you havent played Assassins Creed before and are looking to get into the game, dont go for this one first. Youll be wondering what is going on for much of it. Try the original Assassins Creed or Assassins Creed IV Black Flag.StoryEzio  spends most of his time in Constantinople, looking for the keys to the Masiyaf library. Along the way hell tangle in local politics, romance a charming woman, and of course climb and sneak around looking for all those hidden loot caches.Desmond  he is put into the Animus by a certain someone no spoilers to prevent the onset of madness after the events at the conclusion of Assassins Creed Brotherhood. He needs to untangle the strands of his mind reaching a sync nexus to be certain of his sanity before returning to the real world.Setting Constantinople Istanbul. The city looks glorious. Ubisoft clearly spent a lot of time on the look and feel of the city, and this is arguably one of the greatest successes of Revelations. There are also numerous caves to climb / explore, as well as a wonderfully atmospheric excursion to an underground settlement.Gameplay If youve played Brotherhood, you know what to expect. Combat is nearly unchanged. Store renovations are everywhere. Recruiting new Assassins is unchanged. There is a new tower defense minigame. Seize Templar towers a la the Borgia towers from Brotherhood but if you acquire enough notoriety, the Templars can take them back. Sounds good on paper, but unless you are just completely careless or dont care about notoriety, youll rarely see this minigame after the tutorial. For moving about the city, the hook blade has been added, basically allowing you to zipline all over the city. It works well and is required for the completion of several timed missions, but the ziplines only work in one direction, limiting their usefulness. Theres bomb crafting, which is useful in some situations, but isnt required. And  thats about it.Assassins Creed Revelations is the perfect conclusion to the Ezio triology, but it would be a mistake to think of it only interms of Ezio. To get the full impact, you need to not only have played the first original Assassins Creed, but have also engaged with it on an emotional level. Then, having played through Assassins Creed II and Brotherhood, you start Revelations with a return to Masiyaf. This is a great moment that had a lot of impact for me. Also memorable were several flashback scenes where you play as Altair once again. Even if these sequences werent tied into the narrative, they would still be fun. But they are. The story of AC Revelations is arguably the strongest of the entire series, as it effortlessly weaves three narratives  Desmond, Ezio and Altair  into a complicated tapestry that makes absolute and complete sense. And the final conclusion  which I wont spoil  truly contains revelations of the highest order. I could not imagine a more satisfying ending to the Ezio Auditore trilogy, who IMO is one of the best characters ever created in any media.Multiplayer is pretty much dead, making The Ancestors Character Pack and the Mediterranean Traveler Map Pack moot and nearpointless DLC. The Lost Archive DLC, however, is essential. Maybe the gameplay time is short 24 hours, but storywise it focuses entirely on Subject 16 and his story of betrayal and madness. 