This has some fun things that they took out when they made the newer AC 3 tactical view siege events for area control, and the ability to buy buildings. Overall, this game is better than 3 in a few areas but 3 has better control and combat. But what makes this game so unforgettable and so pleasing to look at is its combination middle eastern/Victorian setting. The graphics are stunning and even more pleasing to look at than AC3. The character models are just as good as both AC3 and 4. The presentation value is astounding and there are a lot more objects and details than there are in AC3. The combination of dulled bright pastels with dusty and sandy overtones give the game a remarkable and unforgettable world. Two things this game does better than AC3 more nonlinear in comparison and better presentation although 3 still looks awesome.There are two main reasons why I like this game over 3. Ezio is imo the best main character yet in a AC game, and this game takes place exclusively in a giant city with limitless parkouring opportunities and is heavily populated by people everywhere. It means you have more paths to complete objectives and to move around the game, or at least much more parkouring opportunities. In 3 you are going to spend some time in the wideopen wilderness and even the cities are much more wideopen than this game. I prefer to have this games giant tightly quartered city at my disposal.There are a couple of problems that this game has that I wish it could have done much better on. The controls are not as tight as thery are in later games, but they are close because AC controls are sometimes hit and miss. Sometimes you will parkour onto things you did not want to, and sometimes you will jump to or down from places that you did not want to. Combat however is smooth and easy. The other problem is optimization. It is no surprise and is a common issue with all of Ubisofts games because they are, far and away, the alltime undisputed kings of bad console ports. Their ports are so bad that I stopped buying their games years ago. I have kept following their progress though and they are still making horrible ports. They will probably never learn. Anyway, the problem with this game is that while it runs at a smooth 60fps, there is constant stutterlocking, common in a lot of bad Ubisoft ports.Despite the flaws this is one of the most beautiful games I have ever seen, even despite its age.Game 8.5/10, Port job 5/10 Go  yourselves Ubisoft. Every game you port has p1ss poor performance issues lol. 