Only Old Men Are Going to BattleThis time, the story tells of the final path of the assassin Ezio but not about the finale of his life, do not worry, and at the same time will tell what happened to Desmond after a very unexpected finale Brotherhood. As fans of the series will appreciate raised the veil of secrecy over the fate of Altair what happened to him after the end of the original. These episodes are short, and all we have collected from five pieces, but memories of the protagonist of Assassins Creed for the number one, perhaps, the best moments of Revelations. And reveals a character in less than two hours better than the entire length of the first part.But the central face of the story, of course, is old audience. Before us is a life already wise, experienced a lot of hardship and bitter lessons, a man of fiftytwo years. But age  not a hindrance still playfully jumping on the roofs. Is that the place of Venice and Rome came to Constantinople now  Istanbul, divided into two large water area. Swim from one to the other will not work, so I have to use a system of fast sewer tunnels the good, this time some of them are open from the beginning, or hire a boatman, a taxi driver.But before you go to conquer the cultural capital, Ezio will visit the fortress of Masyaf. There must be a hidden secret library of the Assassins, which houses a terrible secret. And we should in that that was the first to find five keys to the door and it does not give the Templars get their dirty paws on the ancestral knowledge. The adventure will be exciting, especially failed entry and smart, a strong finale. The only pity is that in the middle there is a noticeable sagging.Star, but removedTo carry out this very good mission will have the old ways. As before, we have to be worn on the roofs of the beautiful city, hidden in the crowd, and expertly clean goal. Tasks are varied and a good imagination. For example, one would have to change a traveling musicians performing in front of all of society and color eyecatching, while your minionsassassins quietly sent to the bottom of the well of another Templar. And such original instructions are not enough. Generally, Revelations, unlike its predecessors, most focused on the story. Create your guild kills, pumping recruits and buying buildings unobtrusively offered as a short rest in between missions. No side orders and the competition is not provided. The only thing to do in town, so it is rare to weigh cuffs bullies, but to catch the thieves. And the modest size of Constantinople the same Rome.At first glance, to distinguish the revelation of the sequel or Brotherhood is difficult. Mechanics, control and brotherhood economic part have not undergone any changes. But, of course, the developers could not leave his project completely without innovation, but they seem to be strained at times and sucked from the finger. For example, now our excesses in the streets much more serious consequences. If the anger of the Templars or the custody of the Ottoman Empire, and take away time from the suspicion, you have to reflect their attack on your base captured. Completed this part of the game as a simple little variation on the theme of tower defense. On a narrow street on the headquarters of the guild systems brave marching troops of the enemy, and we set on the roofs along the road of various fighters and build barricades on the road. FUN, this is simple and at first even like, but get tired very quickly. Therefore we recommend to you as soon as possible to get a masters Assassins students pumped up to level 15 and instruct them to defense.Another innovation is the bomb  a new weapon in our arsenal. On the one hand they are useful they can be used to distract enemies, destroy them or to demoralize and disorient. Recipes  Sea. Experimenting with various integral components, which are abundant in the trunk or on the corpses, we can get explosive movement with very different characteristics. But heres the situation when they really need, are extremely rare. Of course, you can actively use them, but it is almost always much easier to operate the old fashioned way.But the most small, but among the most useful upgrade uniforms became a hook knife. Thanks to him, acrobatic part has become more dynamic and diverse. If you can not reach out his hand to the ledge, then a new gadget you will gain. As well as make it easy to bring down the opponent with the legs, jump with pots and lamps mounted to slide on and pull a cable. Particularly effective in the latest version jump to head to some poor fellowguard.