Assassins Creed Revelations review!HOLY What an awesome game. I went straight from ACBrotherhood to revelations and was dying to know how it all wraps up. Ezios journey from first becoming an assassin in ACII all the way to the end is incredible. Hes a phenomenal character in gaming and should be up there with some of the greats. His character and personality shines through unwavering till the end. I felt like I was actually Ezio in all the various locations in which this game is set, having to follow his tale through to completion. If you have ACII  ACRevelations, I highly suggest putting away some time to play this great trilogy. Whatever your thoughts on Ubisoft are, they nail these three games and should have just stopped there. More on that later.SO, combat is obviously a major part of the gameplay here, and since ACB they refined it even more. The combos are even more satisfying when dealing with multiple enemies, the executions are even more gratuitous, and the connectivity between between targets is so much smoother. It really feels like youre total badass. Its awesome. With different weapons theres a big difference in how combos and executions are... executed. Timing is key, as heavy weapons vs daggers vs hidden blades vs bombs vs projectiles are all extremely varied in how one must play, and win a fight. Ezios style also comes into play since introduction in ACII, as hes now an experienced killing machine in ACRevelations. His smooth, graceful style from ACII by the end becomes an unstoppable force of blades and death dealing in his later years.As usual, the voice acting is killer as well as the dialogue itself. These games, especially ACR are so meticulously scripted it actually feels like these are real people behaving as people do. 10/10 for all that. Also the random NPCs interactions while running through the streets or climbing buildings are spot on and really ad to the overall ambiance of the game.OK, on to the annoying stuff. Every time you renovate a shop, youre stuck there for about 1015 seconds while the building animation happens. Since there are about 150 shops, theres a lot of renovating to be had. Theres also a LOT of unnecessary animations just to press ESC or TAB to view the map. Id say a good 2 hours from my play time in ACR is just animations from renovating a shop or viewing the map animations. Also every time you interact with pretty much anything theres some kind of cut scene. Even if its just a few seconds can be annoying after youve seen it 30 times. Such as using a pidgeon coop, bomb box, ANY shop, storyline door, ANY door, loot chest, loot body, picking up a body, fast travel, assassin dens and a quite a few others. Theres also no option to skip actual cutscenes, so that makes replaying certain memories for 100 sync really annoying when theres a two minute cut scene with randoms.Overall, its a ing awesome trilogy and should be played by everyone. If you have the 60 hours, and I think most of us do play these games! The story alone could be a movie someday. Besides the minor animation delays, these games are great. Id highly recommend these three games to anyone that wants to play an immersive game that takes you to a different time and place.Assassins Creed Revelations 8.2513