In life, you come across problems. Great challenges that are hard to overcome. To an extent the assassins creed franchise has led this life and has overcome underwhelming launches, bad plotlines, and glitchridden releases, however this makes sense what goes up must come down. Assassins creed has gone on to become one of the most anticipated IPs however the core experience of assasiney fun is found at the peak of the franchise Assassins creed revelations.Assassins creed revelations was the fourth game in the franchise, final game in the Ezio trilogy. It does a lot of the norms of the franchise, with a large city to explore the novelty in this game is the Hook blade, and bombs. The hook blade allows you to make further jumps, to swing on zip wires or to use special moves on soldiers. And bombs allow you to well bomb people in lots of different ways, using sound as a distraction or sulphur to gas the guards. Apart from this the game runs pretty closely to 2 and Brotherhood. And to an extent is more of the same but revelations does stand out as there are more minigames/crafting/managing than in the previous two but also because it has my opinion better combat. It feels more fluid and certainly as more options.Revelations has a nice rounded plot that concludes both Altair and Ezio. Gameplay is fun but a little samey. If you were looking for a world where there is countryside then you should look elsewhere as Istanbul although large and welldesigned is purely a city. Missions on the whole, are fun and there is lots of extra content in the way of factions and animus data fragments they probably mean nothing to you but what they are, are units that you collect around the world you can use to unlock extra missions that you play as Desmond.SummaryGameplay 8/10Graphics 7/10 nice at the time, but a little outdated nowCombat 9/10Replayability 4/10Sound 6/10Plot 7/10Worth a play today 8/10Fun 9/10 the most fun Ive had with an assassins creed game.Overall 8/10Definitely worth a try today. Buy it now.Or on sale for 4 ilovesteamsummersales ifailattwiterPlease excuse bad spelling 