Assassins Creed Revelations has the best story of the three games, thankfully taken as a trilogy it it is a fulfilling one. We see Ezio the man mess up more, he is older, wiser, and a little slower. He remains a great character. Altair is another character that is reintroduced to fill in the gaps of what happened after the events of AC 1. This time he is voiced correctly and for the most part the story told in his timeline is good. However, his timeline also has the weakest gameplay. Now as much as Revelations feels like the end of an era, it also feels like a stop gap. Desmond himself as a character does not move in his respective arc in any meaningful direction. This is supposed to be helped by the inclusion of the FPS section of the game, but unfortunately they are terrible, more on that later. If you are looking for a fitting end to Altair and Ezios stories, then this is the game for you. Unfortunately, this games offers little when it comes to other more important things.Gameplay in AC Revelations suffers greatly. It has the same controls as all the other games, but all your side excursions are ripped wholesale from Brotherhood, with less success. Everything you came to love in Brotherhood is expanded on, but turns into a tedious, tremendous waste of time. This is probably Assassins Creed at its most Call of Duty like, at least until I play Rogue, which I hear is pretty much the same game as AC4. After a while I just played through the sequences and did little else once I got all my recruits to Assassin level. Lastly the side objectives in Revelations are the worst. Most are poorly worded, and usually become irritating. This will probably be the only AC game where I didnt bother to get 100  synchronization in the story missions, simply because I could not be bothered with the system. Oh and one more thing, Desmond now has a FPS puzzler. These puzzles are terrible, poorly thought out, and not challenging in the slightest. Its the worst addition of the series and is a waste of time. After you finish these puzzles, Desmond decides that he will be an Assassin...again? This side story is incredibly stupid and repetitive and does nothing, but mess with the main games pace. Didnt Desmond already decide that he was going to be an assassin? Why do I need to take him through these sequences so he can finally be one with his destiny? It is an incredibly insipid waste of time for a character who cant seem to give himself a break and by the end has moved through his character arc only a bit. At this point I can see why people were fed up with the Desmond storyline, but I feel the fault has to be with the writers, who probably had been writing him out of the series ever since Brotherhood.The environment of AC Revelations is I believe the strongest. The city is beautiful, colorful, and diverse in a way the other Assassins Creed games have never been. Its probably my favorite city from the AC2 era of games.The performance of the game has  improved greatly from the previous AC games. I dont know if this had to do with the fact that now Im using Windows 10 or this is just the best port of the AC2 series, but I think its a little of both. I did get some stuttering, but it only happened twice in the game as opposed to every couple of hours in AC2, and random areas in AC Brotherhood.AC Revelations is the worst game of the Ezio saga, but it has the best story. If you have been playing this series for the story, then picking up this game is a no brainer, but if you did it for the gameplay, then picking up AC2 is probably best. Why is it the worst game of the saga? The side objectives prove to be frustrating instead of fun like in Brotherhood, the side missions are borked with endless tedium added to probably lengthen the game. This is the weirdest part since the game is easily the shortest of the three games. AC Revelations is worth your time if you love the story, but it doesnt hold up if you are looking for innovations in the series gameplay. Revelations is worth playing for a fan, but a casual player should steer clear away from this game and just jump in one of the numbered entries. Despite all this, I still reccommend the game, especially if its on sale.Some notes