Its been a while since I played an Assassins Creed game I played the previous iterations on Xbox 360, but decided to pick this one up on PC. The first thing I noticed was the lazy console porting in terms of controls  the menus etc could be far more elegant and easy to navigate if optimised for PC  but that was to be expected.The gameplay wasnt exactly a huge departure from Brotherhood, with only minor tweaks compared to the changes made in previous titles. The new gameplay elements are mostly to do with the new hook blade and explosives, that latter of which I hardly used, if Im honest. The tower defenceesque segments where the Templars attack your hideouts seemed a bit clunky, but in my 30 hours of playthrough such an event only happened once anyway as I was never short of funds to pay off heralds and thus spent very little time in the red. I assume it was intended to feel like your assassin allies were constantly under pressure and relying on you to run around the city fighting off Templar attempts to retake your dens, but in practice it really didnt seem to matter much.The graphics were consistently excellent, as youd expect from a Ubisoft game. I found the setting of Constantinople wellexecuted, believable and fun to explore but somehow less compelling and aesthetically engaging than the Renaissance and Medieval environments of the earlier AC games.The storyline of the AC series continues to be the main draw for me. It is consistently engaging and wellwritten, with believable characters who you really grow to care about. It was a pleasure to see Ezio mature into a wise old fox, a striking contrast to the headstrong young ladies man we were first introduced to in ACII. The weaving in of Altairs story, leading to an eventual conclusion of both his and Ezios tales at the end of the game, was well done and kept my interest piqued throughout. I think Ill miss Ezio and I hope he will maybe make an appearance at some stage in AC3, which Ive just started playing today.In conclusion, if you have enjoyed the series up to this stage Im sure you know what its all about and dont really need to read reviews before you give this game a shot! If youre new to the franchise, you owe it to yourself to start at the beginning and work your way through the previous games before you get to this one, as youll be missing out if you dont.