Ive always wanted to visit Istanbul it is a city where many civilizations have converged, and to me it has the most fascinating history of any place in the world.Maybe my expectations for this game were too high, but Revelations really screwed the pooch with Istanbul. Rather than build a compelling environment like Brotherood did, this game just took pictures of a city and made the map bigger, bigger, bigger. Somewhere in this game was an interesting story, but the narrative focused solely on the characters, and did not uniquely tie into Istanbul. Brotherhoods story tied character motivations with facets of the city, making you want to explore Rome. In Revelations, the city is just a backdrop for a well traveled plot.Istanbul feels like a larger version of the AC1 cities in that it has no distinct personality. But I love the cities in AC1. Why? AC1 was new, the climbing was new, so in that game, the cities felt huge. Plus, armed with only your blade, the cities felt like they enabled you to assassinate your target. Add onto this a connecting wilderness and the world felt complete. In this game, you have a thousand tools to get your target, and a billion things to bumble into, and huge travel times to complete needless tasks the city just feels like an impediment.The ending of this game, where you are hanggliding around and repeatedly defeating a bosswho finally gets offed in a cutscene where he gets pushed off a cliff by someone elseis just bad. I mean, nothing about the boss warrants a multistage fight. Its just poor design.All of the new moves in this game feature herkyjerky animations. The technique to scale things rapidly also makes no sense from a gravity/momentum/physics perspective. I wouldnt normally complain about this, but the terrible animation compels me.The game has two great cutscenes one at the begining of the game, which sets a great tone, and one at the end of the game, which is incredibly satisfying, providing a resolution better than any other in the series. They are really well done. They stand up irrespective of this game. I watched them well before playing Revelations I watched them when I played Revelations and Ive watched them since playing Revelations, and I wonder why they are tethered to Revelations.If only the rest of the game could have been so compelling. Istanbul is the most interesting city in the world. How could this game make it so bland?Not recommended.