This was quite a disappointing 28 hours all to the very end. This game took everything that Brotherhood established and made it many times worse. The storyline is very disjointed and much of what happens is poorly explained or simply does not make sense. The missions are also far fewer than in Assassins Creed II or Brotherhood. There are also only a couple side missions, compared to the dozens I completed in the previous titles. Even the city itself, the only one, is tiny. In a few minutes I am on the other side and there is nothing interesting going on on the way. The ending was the worst, but of course I wont spoil it here.The gameplay is essentially the same as the previous game with the addition of zip lines, which are kinda cool, if you use them situational events which happened to me only once in the course of the entire game and it was a dude who gave me 500 for moving a couple boxes different enemies who act the same as in the previous titles, except for Janissaries who you cant kick, shove, hit or even counter as that hardly does anything. Another option is bombs, which is a nice addition but doesnt work for one simple reason.The user interface has stayed the same, with some minor graphical additions. This is a huge problem. Why? Simply becaue there are four hot keys and that isnt even enough for the main weapons. There is a main weapon, a smaller blade, a hidden blade, poisoned hidden blade, fists, crossbow, throwing knives, three types of bombs equipped at once, poison darts, money and I feel like I might still be missing something. This leaves you awkwardly going through your giant selection in the middle of a fight just to choose the right tool. Another issue is that the assassin looks even less like an assassin. Ezio is so loaded with weapons and armour, he cant help but look suspicious. This was not the idea of the original game and as far as I know the stealth aspect is here still.Ah yes graphichs. This is a game from 2011. I have seen absolutely wonderful graphical content in games from that time and two years later Tomb Raider came out which blew my brain out of my skull with how great everything looked at even medium. Revelations makes Constantinople look beautiful, but the characters look like manikins. There is hardly any life to them. They dont breathe, their hair is one blob plastered to their heads, the womens breasts never move, blood looks like a four year olds ketchup dream. I am glad they move somehow when they talk at least.Last category I wanted to touch on was stability. I have encounted numerous bugs. People stuck in roofs, missions needing to be restarted as the essential character disappeared, assassinations through walls, enemies seeing through walls, a permanent target in the south of the city which was some dancing guy. Do you know how annoying it is when you have an arrow pointing to some dancing guy for 20 hours? I tried fixing, it doesnt work. There were also many times when the sound was completely out of sync with the video.I just cant recommend this.I am done here. 