Update Ive encounted two very large bugs in this game, among a large slew of smaller ones. The first bug happened when first starting the game. The screen is flickering rapidly and I cannot move properly. This is fixed by deleting systemdetection.dll from the game folder, which I found out via research. The second bug, happens in Sequence 7 Chapter 3 right when a fight starts out. The game crashed every time the fight started. I thought I was screwed because I couldnt access an older save and the game became unplayable. However, though more research, I fixed the bug by only allowing the game to use 1 CPU core during the fight, instead of all 8. This was done via Task Manager  Details Tab  right click on ACRSP.exe   Set Affinity  Only check one CPU core. After completing the mission, you can change it back. It sucked becuase the game runs at about 4 fps with only 1 CPU core, which is a pain in the obviously.It also sucks that I have to dig around on the web to fix these flipping bugs Ubisoft has not fixed. I found the solution to the latter bug on a fourm post from 5 years ago, Ubisoft. Seriously. ON YOUR OWN BLOODY UBI FORUMS. Its crap like this that reminds me why people give Ubisoft so much hate poor QA and misleading advertising.For this BS I will be changing my positive review to a negative one.Now back to my previous reviewsImproved graphics and sound design over the previous 3 AC games. Thats about it. Very glitchy and buggy. There is some copy and pasted content here from AC2 and ACB. Combat is the same. AI is still horrid. Good music, like the previous games. Altair missions arent that great. Story is just meh. Worlds are fun to explore. Viewpoints are very, very limited and repeat the same structure way too many times. Decent amount of stuff to do. Bombs are fun.Overall a somewhat decent title that Ubisoft has put a lot of work into, but should have been fully QAd and further fleshed out, but Ill still rate it with a thumbs up CHANGED, mainly because I feel bad for rating AC and ACB with thumbs down, after really enjoying those games on console. They just didnt do it for me on PC. I didnt enjoy them and their flaws seem much more stronger today than when I played them years ago.So, In summary The main improvements in Revelations are in visuals excluding popins and lip sync and sound. They havnt improved anywhere else. Combat needs an overhaul and so does AI. It does get better in newer AC games but tends to be the series weakest links all the way through AC Origins. Game is extrememly easy too. Wish they would put in difficulty sliders.I get 90120 fps with a laptop 1070. Game capped at 120 fps internally. Occasional frame drops. When playing certain special missions, the game does look like it exists then opens up a different Revelations file to play those missions. Its weird and hard to explain. It does look like the game crashes when this happens, though, but it actually doesnt. It even brought up a firewall warning on my PC.Uplay I do hate Uplay as much as the next guy, but it hasnt caused me any issues in this title. Uplay achievements do pop up but Uplay doesnt seem to affect performance or make the gameplay or experience worse. Yes, DRM sucks, but thankfully its not a huge issue here.Havnt tried multiplayer. 