A mediocre but not terrible addition to the AC/Ezio storyline. This game will still satisfy those who are familiar with AC and enjoy the overall gameplay and storyline.Basic info on equipment HP Pavilion dv66123cl entertainment notebook. Processor AMD A63400M APU w/Radeon HD Graphics 1.40 GHz. Installed RAM of 6 GB. 64Bit Windows 10 OS. Wired external mouse and keyboard. No additional equipment used or upgrades made to computer.Gameplay and controls 6/10  Still the same from the last game, even though I had pretty much mastered the tricky mouse/keyboard by now, simply because it was rather difficult to aim bombs if you couldnt take your time to get it just right. It wasnt like you had a fastfling option that allowed you to chuck it like a grenade. You had to actually lob it up in the air and figure out where its arc would make it land. This was great if you had the time to set up a shot like that, but otherwise, if you were in the heat of running or a battle, you had no chance to try and throw one unless it were something like a smoke bomb or blood bomb to distract people and get them off your tail. Another thing I didnt really appreciate was the fact that improvements made to the city e.g. investing in shops or monuments would raise Templar awareness of your activities. I accidentally raised it all the way once without realizing and had to quickly go and lower it again before one of the assassin dens was attacked. That actually discouraged me from investing in shops unless I needed to in order to gain gear. The Brotherhood system of recruiting assassins was still in place and was actually improved, in my opinion. That said, however, I found the side quests you could do for each of the den leaders to be a bit much. I only got partway through a couple of them before I realized that it was detracting from my experiencing the main storyline. Otherwise, the controls were the same, combat was effective and great, and you could pull off some great kill streaks. Best addition to this game? Ziplines!!! And the hookblade, which made ziplining possible, of course. But still. ZIPLINES!!! DGraphics 7/10  Okay, Im not going to lie. The biggest thing that ruined the graphics for me was the changes they made to Ezios face. He looks like a totally different person from the first two games in which we find him! I understand that sometimes they have to find different face models for a character because of payments or contracts or whatnot, but they really did a bad job finding someone who looks like Ezio would have looked at that age. At least in AC Brotherhood the minor changes they made were just that minor. Ezio still looked like Ezio, just maybe a bit older and more mature. When I was watching the trailer for Revelations, I actually had to go back and check to make sure that I hadnt misread and that it was actually part of the Ezio storyline because I thought at first that I was going to be playing with an assassin that I hadnt experienced yet. They also made major changes to Altairs looks, which they attempted to explain away by saying that a software update to the Animus resulted in a more accurate depiction of what Altair actually looked like in this game, but to me it was just jarring. Besides that major disappointment, the graphics were still rather good otherwise. Probably on par with what I found in AC Brotherhood. It felt a little cookie cutter at times, especially when I would see completely different characters e.g. Sofia Sartor and Yusuf Tazim using exactly the same facial expressions, gestures, and overall body movements. That never seemed to happen in AC II, so both Brotherhood and Revelations were just a slight step down graphicswise in that regard. The animation for the cities, on the other hand, was once again breathtakingly gorgeous.Storyline 6/10  The storyline in this game was about as coherent as that of Brotherhood, but it actually ended up feeling less so because we kept having to play through bits and pieces of Altairs storyline from centuries before. That could have been done differently, in my opinion. Besides that, it just didnt draw me in as much as the previous storylines did, and there were several points, although shortly lived for the most part, during which I felt that the game was rather tedious and was prolonging itself unnecessarily which is saying something, considering that to play through this game takes about half the time as that required to play through either AC II or Brotherhood.Characters 9/10  The characters were actually better than those in Brotherhood, and were closer to the quality of those found in AC II. They felt human and were enjoyable to interact with. Plus, there were enough of them besides just Ezio that it actually felt like Ezio had friends again, which was nice. I mean, Machiavelli was okay in Brotherhood, but you never really wanted to go up and hug him, you know? And after she was rescued, Caterina Sforza just kind of disappeared. Even Da Vinci, much though I adore him, only gets cameos in Brotherhood. Both Sofia Sartor and Yusuf Tazim are great characters Yusuf is so great, that hes pretty much as good as Da Vinci was in the other games, in my opinion. Even Suleiman, though hes not a major character, leaves a great impression. Each of them had unique personalities and made the world feel more complete.Overall Rating 7/10  This game is a pretty solid addition to the AC franchise and was fairly enjoyable to play. A few things could have been done better or differently, but they were not gamebreakingly bad. Good game and recommended.