Assassins Creed Revelations is the fourth entry into the open world, parkourladen RPG series, although it is the third and final entry into the trilogy that follows the suave Italian known as Ezio Auditore da Firenze. Released in the same year as its predecessor, Assassins Creed Brotherhood, this title features a few new gameplay elements and various tantalizing sidemissions that extend the storyline of the franchises original assassin, Altar IbnLaAhad. If you are planning on playing the trilogy, it is highly recommended to do so in order, beginning with Assassins Creed II.Saying that Brotherhood left audiences on a cliffhanger of an ending is a major understatement while things wrapped up in Ezios world with the villainous Cesare Borgia being thrown to his death from some battlements, the modern day events took a turn for the worst. Desmond Miles, in posession of the infamous Apple of Eden, was forced by the artifact to impale his fellow currentera assassin Lucy with his hidden blade. Afterwards, Desmond collapsed and fell into a comalike state, which is where Revelations picks up... at least in the 2012 world. In Ezios world, he is now an old man of 52 years of age, and he finds himself in Constantinople, present day Istanbul, in 1511 AD.The most drastic change in Revelations are the more cinematic inspired action sequences that start right from the beginning of the game and last all the way until the end. Although many of these areas feel linear, its a welcomed change of pace that offers a dynamic feeling to the title. The switch up of locations from Europe Italy to Asia Istanbul is a drastic one, but also a breath of fresh air in a trilogy that came very close to wearing out its welcome. The scenery is alive with bright, vibrant colors, interesting culture, and relatively tight streets. Of course the latter also means that there are no horses allowed in the city, unlike Roma from Assassins Creed Brotherhood. However, there are numerous fast travel points that are unlockedf rom the start of the game, making it easy to travel the large landscape quickly.In comparison to the two other entries of the Ezio saga, Revelations suffers from a severe lack of things to do. Its forebearer offered up a large sum of side quests and unlockables, but the best that is given here are four temples to explore each that house a Masyef key, and when found they unlock another part of Altars story. To be completely truthful, the Altar storyline is far more impressive and interesting than Ezios in this release, which is unfortunate. Thats not to say that the title is lacking solid protagonists, as Ezio does meet a couple of intriguing individuals, but they still pale in comparison to everything that has come before. The antagonists in particular are total writeoffs that will not be remembered after the game is completed.That being said, there are a couple of new mechanics that are introduced within this entry the hookblade and bomb crafting. The former allows Ezio to utilize ziplines, as well as extend his reach while climbing and jumping, and the latter adds the element of crafting which was previously unknown to the Assassins Creed series. However, in my personal experience I found myself rarely using any bombs, or experimenting with the crafting at all. I typically stuck to the triedandtrue smoke bombs, while every now and then using a noise distraction such as a cherry bomb to lure my enemies away when no courtesans were available. It feels shallow and tacked on at best, and annoyingly enough the landscape is littered with respawning boxes of crafting materials.Money is also much harder to come by, despite rebuilding Istanbul early on in the game. The progression here works similarly to that of Brotherhood one must relieve certain areas of Templar influence, and then repair broken down shops with money. The more shops that are rebuilt, the higher the every20minute income is. However, the ingame timer seems to be broken as rather than getting income every 20 minutes, I would sometimes play for an hour before an amount was deposited into the bank. In general, I relied on my miniassassins to complete missions and bring me back coinage more than anything another gameplay element that is brought over from Brotherhood, by the way.When it comes right down to it, Assassins Creed Revelations is a bit of a let down. The entire Ezio portion of the game feels unnecessary, while the modernday Desmond story arc is very much needed. It seems as though the latter portion wouldve faired better as a DLC. As stated previously, the Altar memories are far more enjoyable and memorable than any portion of the Ezio story, which is truly a shame though it must be noted that the end of the game is very conclusive and well done. At the end of it all, Ezio feels tired and stretched very thin, and players will be happy to move on to newer and better things. Revelations is entirely skippable, but to get the full effect of the series its not recommended to do so. If you have a console, its highly recommended to grab The Ezio Trilogy, since the textures, character models, and even colors are redone, bringing these games back to brilliant life.The Horror NetworkClick for Gore 