This game is by far my favourite game out of the AC series.It combines the already good gameplay of its predecessor with innovative mechanics hookblade ftw! , some of which even made it to a fully implemented machanic in newer installments of the series.I recommend playing this game AFTER playing thru the other two games of the Eziostoryline to be able to fully appreciate the story of AC Revelations.The biggest plus however is the wonderfull music by Jesper Kyd, which made the game even more awesome.Not only does the game have a great story, it is also full of wise and deep quotes and speechesEven in times of peace, the poor are always under siege. , Yusuf TazimEzio Nothing is true, everything is permitted.Sofia That is rather cynical.Ezio It would be if it were doctrine. But it is merely an observation on the nature of reality. To say that nothing is true is to realise that the foundations of society are fragile and that we must the shepherds of our own civilization. To say that everything is permitted is to understand that we are the architects of our actions and that we must live with our consequences, whether glorious or tragic.What is a man but the sum of his memories? We are the stories we live! The tales we tell ourselves!, Clay KaczmarekSixteenYou see, the standart ottoman hookblade has two parts, the hook and the blade, Yusuf TazimClaudia, my dearest sister. I have been in Acre a week now, safe and in high spirits, but prepared for the worst.The men and women who have fed and sheltered me here also give me warning that the road to Masyaf is overrun by mercenaries and bandits not native to this land. What this could mean, I dread to guess.When I first set out from Roma ten months ago, I did so with a single purpose. To discover what our father did not. In a letter written the year before my birth he makes mention of a library hidden beneath the stones of Masyaf castle. A sanctum full of invaluable wisdom.So what will I find when I arrive there?Who will greet me?A host of eager Templars, as I fear most strongly?Or nothing but the whistling of a cold and lonely wind?Masyaf has not been home to the Assassins for almost three hundred years now. Can we still claim it for our own? Are we welcome there?I am weary of this fight, Claudia. Not because I am tired, but because our struggle seems to move in one direction only. Towards chaos.Today I have more questions than answers. This is why I have come so far. To find clarity. To find the wisdom left behind by the great Altar, so that I may better understand the purpose of our fight. And my place in it.Should anything happen to me Claudia, should my skills fail me, or my ambition lead me astray, do not seek retribution or revenge in my memory, but fight to continue the search for truth, so that all may benefit.My story is one of many thousands, and the world will not suffer if it ends too soon., Ezio, in the first letter to Claudia10/10 would feel again