Revelations brings an end to Ezios trilogy and what an end it is! A great story with the most charming of all the AC protagonists, returning to the setting that made the first Assassins Creed so unique.Pros Great Story and Storytelling, has some of the greatest moments in the series. New mechanics such as bombcrafting and a parachute and small advancements in managing your Brotherhood. New setting with Constantinople and surrounding area including the good old Masiaf. Costantinople is grand, colorful and busy. No grasslands and empty areas as in Rome. Gameplay remains unchanged from Brotherhood, Ezio is still capable of murdering guards in style, even in his fifties. Old Ezio is of all other games in the series the most likeable Protagonist. He is wise, calculated and badass, always teaching his fellow Assassins what he has learned throughout his life. But in his heart he has not changed, he is still a ladykiller and even as an old man he still flirts with a significantly younger woman. SPOILER Successfully!Cons Not much new in terms of gameplay. If you dont care for the story it may not be worth it for you. Uplay. Ubisoft. Desmond is suddenly black. How did that happen? Credit scene cannot be skipped in case you want to continue playing after finishing the story. Ubisoft.If you really enjoy Ezios story, this game will be a blast for you. If you are more of a mechanic and gameplay focused player, there isnt much new to Revelations that would excite you. Revelations scores with its story, setting and atmosphere.It finishes off Ezios story very well while shining a brighter light on Altairs life and how he influenced the Assassin order, how he fundamentally changed them to what we knew them as as Ezio. In completely optional puzzle sequences inside the Animus you can also learn more about Desmond and his early life, how he became a bartender instead of an Assassin. Overall in my opinion ot has the most exciting story and the most diverse way of telling it of all ACs. It has some epic and hilarious moments. The final chapter of Ezios life as an Assassin and the final chapter of the Assassins Creed series for me.