And my revisit continues with the 4th installment of the Assassins Creed franchise, here comes Revelations!Having already played this game on the PS3 at its launch back in 2011, I can say that I had mixed feelings with this game. Many good aspects saved the bad ones for me. Namely, this game feels very much like a forcedfiller. Granted, Ubisoft had their plans for the Ezio Auditore character and I can respect that. But at least, Ubisoft has done a fantastic job for Ezios conclusion of its trilogy.So now Ezio wants to uncover the secrets left in Massyaf library by Altar but he cant access it. So he has to go over Constantinople, trying to find the keys left there, on purpose.PROSStory takes a while to begin, but contain a really good conclusion for my favorite character, Altar IbnLaAhad.Emotionally fulfilling ending for Ezio Auditore.Soundtrack as good as previous AC games. It is a shame Jesper Kyd wont return for the other AC games.Gameplay mechanic got refined in most areas. Hookblade is a great new addition so were the bombs crafting.Cities are still great to explore.Solid visuals.Brotherhood recruitment is refined. You now have missions to promote an assassin to a den leader.Multiplayer got much improved, even if I barely played it. I do like the way theyre made as a Templars training grounds.CONSUplay DRM. I had trouble activating my Deluxe and DLC contents on Uplay since these addons arent activatable on Uplay but    IN THE GAME itself. And if you try to activate contents on Uplay often, you get a temporary ban... irritating!Gamebreaking bug met during the Setting Sail mission. Had to restart the game many times.AC formula has grown old. I could feel the AC fatigue in this game.Main story with Desmond Miles in Revelation is the weakest of the AC games.The minigame for sending your assassins in other cities is quite pointless, especially once theyre all high level, this minigame becomes pointless because the Templars always miraculously reclaim the claimed cities of your assassins.Tower defense mode. Sure theyre a new mechanic of the game but not because you make new stuff makes it good.Desmond sections are very bland. Firstperson puzzling. Boring, too long for so little revelation. You better watch Youtube videos or read AC Wikia instead!Poor pacing. Slow start... very slow progression... then once you reach the nearend sequence, it is a nonstop endmission.Very little thats actually newNo horseback riding.The Lost Archive DLC is quite pointless. It is an interesting backstory of Subject 16 but you gotta cope with the annoying bland Firstperson puzzle platformer. Better watch Youtube videos or read AC Wikia instead!OVERALLSomehow, my least liked AC game of the franchise, so far, since I havent completed AC 3 and AC 4 yet. But this one feels very much like a flushed out filler, a game that wasnt really needed. The story of Ezio got to end properly and a good service for Ezios fans. But I could realy feel the AC fatigue in Revelations, especially on the Desmond Miles main story. It was very bland and its Firstperson puzzle platformer was quite boring. Its not hard, just too long for the few little secrets that gets revealed. Just watch Youtube videos or read AC Revelations Wikia instead!RECOMMENDATIONIf you had managed to play AC 1 till AC Brotherhood, yes, you must play AC Revelations. The conclusion for Altar was my main appeal since not only it was well done, but actually made sense with Ezios story too. If youre a newcomer to the AC franchise, well youre not in the right place to start playing here, with Revelations. Youll feel quite lost on the whole saga. The story is quite important and you either better play the previous games or get informed on the main events of the other games.RATING7.5 / 10Maybe someday, well be able to play as a Templar, single player speaking? That is my greatest wish for this franchise! Or heck, make another IP and focus on the Templar side of story! Id love that very much Ubisoft!And now, to continue my AC marathon with AC 3... 