This will probably be my last review of an Assassins Creed product. To its credit,is better than Brotherhood and is pretty much the sequel Brotherhood was meant to be. Although whereas Brotherhood was an unimaginative rehash of previous gameplay principles, Revelations appears to be this dubious mishmash of poorly implemented game ideas.Theres less filler missions but now you individually rescue about a hundred citizens to induct into your assassin ranks. They removed the cryptography puzzles a shame since I honestly enjoy cryptography and inserted firstperson PLATFORMERS into the metagame sequences instead. Theres this odd TOWER DEFENSE minigame, and its presented both as a fail condition from being too notorious yet comes with rewards of its own. The Awareness Icon can go blow itself even at max notoriety, Ottoman soldiers wont challenge you unless youre already doing something suspicious and Byzantine soldiers always view you as an enemy anyhow. Finally, challenges are back and in greater number than ever. They were probably intended as a tutorial device but the sheer quantity of tasks required grinds the story to a halt.A major sticking point for Revelations is how utterly unbalanced it is. I was used to unbalanced mechanics from when one could simply wait for money to fall from the sky and open up better equipment. Thats still there but now you have the main map open from the getgo and access to END LEVEL EQUIPMENT as soon as you unlock your towers and complete your assassin network. Master Assassin armor and 5/5/5 weapons by sequence three? You better believe it. Bomb crafting seems to be the major drawing point of this installment and theyre both easily accessible and eminently customizable. Sadly, simple smoke bombs were already overpowered by Assassins Creed 2  and have now become superfluous by the sheer amount of killing tools you possess. Furthermore, they can only be crafted at specific crafting stations, meaning you wont be able to switch to the right bomb in the middle of a mission when theyd be relevant.I really wanted to givemy thumbs up its essentially a Michael Bay movie set up in Turkish gunpowder civilization. But as much as I enjoy the stunts you pull throughout the story, there is no defense for the clunky gameplay mechanics. I imagine one could say the same for the series as a whole. 