This game is adequate.The GoodIn this game you will use time traveling Prussian warhammers and fakeAladdin shamshirs to slay peasants in groups of three. Or at least thats what I did with about 92 hours of my 99 hours of gameplay. I do not regret it The other portions of the game that worked were the heroic sendoffs for Altair and Ezio. These characters represent the golden age of the assassins creed universe so it was nice to see them get a respectful sendoff rather then be overused in future cash cow moo creed titlesThe BadThe pacing wasnt perfect. The historical research wasnt as meticulous as in previous games. The Den Defense minigame is essentially optional... The antagonists werent particularly threatening. Horrific Islamic war criminals are presented in a positive light and freedom fighting Greeks seeking to reclaim their homeland are presented as the villains.... what a brave stance for the developers to take The tutorial mission and the ending mission are basically the same. You cant steal/use Turkish rifles, you can steal from peasents in front of guards ext. The game feels repetitive and short and like the content cut from previous titles were thrown into this game as a haphazard mix.The UglyYou can play as Desmond as he navigates some cheapjump over things minigame where he monologues about his past. You may choose to simulate this experience by slapping yourself with a mouse pad.... you know where.Bottom Line.The games budget was triple slashed when it became apparent that it would only be competing for market share with Assassins Creed 3. You can see the scope that was intended for the game and literally feel missing content as you faff about. Its clear that the developers aspired only to adequacy and met it not with leaps and bounds but as a half asphyxiated carcass crawling over the finish line before collapsing but whether its by an inch or a mile the game made it. It IS adequate, its pros do outweigh its flaws. So yeah, I liked it, I liked my time traveling Prussian warhammer and my fakeAladdin sword and macing peasants was thoroughly amusing. Id do it again. That said my hope is that they merge ASII, Brotherhood and Revelations into one super title for continuous gameplay enjoyment.Probably the last real Assassins Creed game. 