Assassins Creed Revelations possesses many new elements unseen in the previous games. Some are for good, some for evil. The setting in Konstantinopel is refreshing, but much after a few hours running through it you do get bored at the rather repetitive environment. You just dont care about learning the map by heart, compared to the experience in Assassins Creed II  Brotherhood. The minimap is rather limited as you very often pass by points of interest because it is so small.The hookblade is one of my favourites. When I encountered it I thought to myself why wasnt this in the previous games?. Its uses are many, and its fun to get creative. The combat system is pretty much the same as always, but it lacks something, something from its prequel. Everything is just too simple. If Im surrounded by 7 enemies then they should attack me, not stand around waiting for me to kill them one by one. The addition of bombs are really helpful at any given time. Customization is a loveinterest of mine, making this great. The bombs seem to reflect the player, and with great accuracy.The storyline is very interesting. The story of Ezio is awesome, and Altar as well. Desmond is more of a question mark though. His background story is... enlightening, but the maps are a bit hard at some points which seems rather strange. The story does however feel like a dissapointment. It is too short. I know that I play games too much, but this ended rather quickly. And since the gigantic cliffhanger left behind from Brotherhood, Revelations feel like either a sidenote or mistake. The end was very pleasing and somewhat epic in Ezios story, but I want more. No spoilers, but it felt rather epic when Ezio and Altar were together.To sum up the storyline of the game is short, unmotivated, teasing and at some times even infuriating. The inventory of weapons and tools gives you a wide range of possibilities, but together with a dumb AI the entire combat system has become too easy. Still, it gives you the liberty of playing the game the way you want to, as you can use this arsenal either to distract hostiles, kill them, ghost etc. The setting is too big, too repetitive and onesided. This game may be a mustbe in a gamers life, but it is in many ways dissapointing. If I want to powergame anything from the series, it would either be Assassins Creed II or Brotherhood, not this.Still, this IS Assassins Creed. Ezio and Altar may grow a full beard, but their skills only get sharper. Nothing is true, everything is permitted. 