The story continues from both ACII and Brotherhood, but this time Ezio has to travel far to find answers. Ezio is on a quest at Constantinople in order to open Altairs vault. The story reaches its peak when many things are revealed about Ezio and his ancestors. This interation of the game brings many new things to the table. There are many new different types of mission that keeps the player entertained. The many new toys that are given to the assassin makes each encounter different. My personal favorite is my trusty crossbow, but the grenades do a fabulous job when area damage is needed for a swarm of enemies. The combat system is a bit more refined with a few new cues and animations that makes it enjoyable. The sense of assassin clan being prevalent in other cities makes the clan feel stronger. I really enjoyed the tower defense that was included.The city design was well thought out because the overall world was not too vast and dense enough so that it did not feel cluttered. The hook blade was a nice addition that made Revelations feel special. I really enjoyed the culture aspect of this game because it gave everything a different feel. Replayability was greatly increased with the addition of synchronization objectives, clan challenges, city economy, and collectables. Revelations was a pleasant surprise that not only looks different and feels different, but is different in its own way. An excellent game to experience.That vast variety of weapons to choose from is always welcome. The feel of the environment is different and genuine. Being able to train assassins and grow your influence in the city was rewarding. The way the story is revealed was well done and entertaining. There is a great sense of epicness, especially towards the ending of the game. There was plenty of action and the game was well paced.Group combat could always use some improvement. There were some bugs that broke the income system. Opening a lot of chests and buying stores became slow and repetitive with the same animations.