Assassins Creed Revelations is the 4th mainline installment of the Assassins Creed Franchise and as such Ill start by saying if you havent played at least Assassins Creed II then the events of this game might just be going over your head. However in terms of raw gameplay its still a fun game, with fairly basic combat mechanics which are coupled with some crazy death animations and of course the craziness of ragdoll physics. Many a demented cackle has been produced as bodies have been flung, or barged off of a tall building  I should probably seek help...The missions and quests are fairly generic, and if Im honest there arent too many standout moments in the game mission wise aside from the final run which is now becoming something of a trademark in the Assassins Creed series. Storywise I felt again the game never really got going while playing, yet looking back it clearly did. This was a far more streamlined Assassins Creed game compared to the other installments, and a quick check of the played time shows I managed to complete the main storyline within 13hours of gameplay.This could mean one of two things There was a reduction in superficial sidequests to advance the mainstory or I simply didnt bother exploring and living in the world.The Story content itself is finally satisfying, as in previous Assassins Creed games they never really explore the actual origins of the Brotherhood. Thankfully this game does, and it presents it in such a way that it finally ties the first Assassins Creed directly into the rest of the franchise rather than it being some previous ancestor of Desmond that hes forgot all about. If Im honest, I think I preferred the small glimpes into Altiars history, and the payoff was nice. Of course Ezios story is progressed along nicely too, and hes aged, has changed slightly and has a rugged man beard that inspired The Last of Us.They even manage to build up Desmonds character, even if he is in a coma and trapped within the Animus! And of course theres some ball twisting progression of The Firsts in there too.So overall Revelations managed to bring together the 3 all in 1 Main Characters of the Franchise and progress them along nicely. I just feel like the Citys mission was a little lacklustre as the fight between the Ottomons and the Byzanites wages across Istanbul. I never really felt I was involved or playing a critical role in the outcome  perhaps Im missing the point and Ezio wasnt a crucial figure in those events.The city design itself is an interesting one too, as I felt way more relaxed playing the game. It didnt feel as open or as grand as Italy in ACII or Rome in AC Brotherhood. It was close and pretty low profile, and for some reason it didnt feel as though I was ever in any real danger, despite the games attempts to throw danger at you in the form of the Awareness meter.Which brings me onto the Assassins Den Management subgame  it never triggered for me. Perhaps I was a great Assassin Master who managed to keep the Assassins activities a secret from the evil Templars, but outside of the preplanned tutorial on the Tower Defense SubGame, it never happened again in the 13 hours I played the game.Overall Im happy I played Assassins Creed Revelations, as it does do some fan service to tie all of the loose character plots together, and brings Desmond to life. However, I think at this point if you havent enjoyed Assassins Creed II/Brotherhood then Assassins Creed Revelations is probably not for you.One for the fans.