The trailer for this game featuring music by Woodkid is legendary and I still feel the impression its made on me today. Ive still yet to see a better trailer for a video game and while I dont think its fair to judge a game on impressions made by a trailer, I just cant watch the opening cutscene of the game and not feel like something is missing. The feeling of disappointment wears off pretty quick though because any fan of the series will feel right at home playing as Ezio fighting templars in good old Masyaf.The assassin training system is interesting in this one because when your apprentice becomes an assassin there isnt a ceremony cutscene to mark the occasion but rather you take them out on a mission and you teach them lessons accordingly. I think this is a nice variation to the apprentice feature. If your student fails then you teach him and he applies those lessons to the next mission you do together. This is a great addition to an already good system introduced in Brotherhood and I think its one of Revelations greatest assets. I also really liked the challenge dungeons on this one where you find the masyaf keys. Some of them were really spectacular and the chase and climbing camera isnt too disruptive with their forced camera angles this time like in Brotherhood.The new Hookblade is alright as far as gameplay gimmicks go, making the parkour flow a bit faster and navigate the occasional zipline but overall its a bit underwhelming and merely an extension of the high jump you learned in the second game. I did like however that it lets you grab on to ledges after a long fall, saving you from death.The addition of bombs were a fun but superfluous mechanic in my opinion. Its merely another rarely used gimmick that doesnt add much to the core gameplay. Its there if you want to use it and you dont have to use it if you dont want to. I dont feel like it beats the classical sneaking and stabbing style of gameplay cemented in the games predecessors. I dont know, since I wasnt involved in developing the game, but it feels like a mechanic that was added purely because a focus tester asked if they should add bomb crafting to the game. So they did and not many people ended up using them, which is probably why it hasnt returned in later installments. Also, every input feels like it takes half a second or more to register and this is a problem that plagued the series through many of its early installments. And when the core combat and gameplay mechanics are this unresponsive it doesnt make you want to use advanced tactics such as bombs and upgraded equipment because its not fun to plan out an attack and then get spotted because youre unable to maneuver properly. This could have been helped by the simple addition of a crouch button and faster combat animations which Im glad they implemented in the later games.Like Brotherhood the game lacks polish in many areas and its not without its glitches. One particularly amusing one I had made an NPC walk in circles for 30 seconds straight like a dog directly in front of the NPC he was supposed to talk to in an unskippable cutscene, forcing you to just stand there frozen waiting for the AI to catch up. In a different example Im fighting enemies with an ally and the game thinks the enemies are all dead so it starts a cutscene but one is still alive and kills me during the cutscene without me being able to fight back. It also still has the same problem Brotherhood had when the assassination blades hit the air around a targets head instead of the head itself.One of the minigames this time, because almost every Assassins Creed should have at least one or more minigames for some reason, is a real time strategy game. I dont understand why this is here. Personally I didnt find it very interesting or fun and the worst thing about it is that you only have to play it once and not having to play it is considered a reward. It only comes up again if you gain enough notoriety, which never happens if youre diligent, which you will be because high notoriety means you cant navigate the streets in peace.The Desmonds Journey missions were great and it was good to finally get some proper backstory on our main protagonist. The infamous minstrel mission warrants a special mention as well. I found it very amusing, the songs are funny and have many references to previous games and characters and at least it was different. The missions in Revelations are more varied, unlike Brotherhood where almost every mission is a tailing mission with nothing happening. Revelations did many things that didnt pan out but at least it tried to be different and its a better game than Brotherhood for that.This game concludes Altar and Ezios stories and they reach a satisfying conclusion worthy of the characters and their legacy. Ive always thought that Assassins Creed can tell a good story when it tries, even if the present day storyline is glacial. Its the themes of the series that grab me. Freedom and order, how to reconcile the two and the corruption of power. These are questions that have puzzled civilization since its infancy and even today we are searching for answers. This theme and its exploration is the foundation of my love for these games and why I keep coming back to them.The Assassins Creed Nothing is true, everything is permitted is explained to mean that its an observation of the nature of reality. To say that nothing is true is to realize that the foundations of society are fragile and that we must be the shepherds of our own civilization. To say that everything is permitted is to understand that we are the architects of our actions and that we must live with their consequences whether glorious or tragic.Requiescat in pace.