Revelations cant be described as a complete disaster. It is an AAAclass title, with fascinating visuals, complex game mechanic and so on. Were it an independent project, with no connections to Animus and stuff, Id maybe even praised that thing. But as a part of bigger body... it is certainly one of the dumbest volumes in the whole Assassins Creed series if not the worst, and can be pictured as a filler into complete AC scenario plot. Rare calculated breathtaking action moments fitting an adventure game dissolved in dozens of hours of useless grinding, with the same gameplay mechanics as in the AC Brotherhood, but more spoiled. So if you are still not bought that game, I seriously advise you to hold your hand. At least until you see some really big discount...What I dont like about Revelations? The usual stuff all those things Ubisoft called as key features and revolutionary gameplay in their hyped proclamations, in fact dont work as supposed. Broken balance, questionable game plot, and the worst of all  the feeling that Im not fitting into intended audience of that project. The motivation of protagonist may be suitable for teenager, grown up by Hollywood, but sadly, I cant buy into that crud no matter how hard I try.What I want to say by that is that Revelations was presented as a game which reveals so much of the Truth, making some serious fixing to the story which started to sink into unwanted tangles and incoherent twists... And it was Revelations that made it all clear the basic Assassins Creed story about saving the world and the agesold struggle of total control and total freedom... its the least attractive game feature both for players and for game designers.To put it simple, all the promised Truth that Revelations revealed to the player  not really informative or least entertaining that especially corresponds to the memories of Altair. The Assassins made a truce with Turks, so they kill political leaders in countries that Ottoman empire desire to conquer and take low profile in return. Was it about just cause? Bringing people more freedom? I doubt that. In this turn, I started to question myself, whats the real difference between Assassins and Tampliers? That question was supposedly answered in the first game, but Revelations severely undermined previous scoops. Now its more like bad guys are those who shot at us... considering the fact it is Assassins who usually shoot first.Okay, lets forget about history lessons and questionable ethics of the game characters. Lets talk about gameplay, the thing I honor even more than distinct scenario.If you were playing before in the Assassins Creed 2 and AC Brotherhood which I strongly suggest, youll see that almost all key features remained the same. You strolling the streets of the big city, climbing the roofs and towers for better sightseeing, you meet new people and kill the most of them... You collect some prize chests scattered across the city, and use money from them to buy new weapons and even new stores and historical buildings. Or dont buy. It is irrelevant, in the end.If we talk about anything but main missions in the Revelations, gameplay may provide only conceptual interest. Ezio, now a renowned mentor, nurtures other assassins more than killing himself. Sidemissions for levelling your students now taking more and more time, becoming a constant pushpull on the map, where assassins competing with tampliers. Even more, game designers attached a towerdefence mimimigame, which is so irritating that common advice is to avoid it by any cost. As of Ezio and his abilities, its safe to say that hes armed to the teeth right about from the start of game. And after he take a hookblade and crossbow  and especially after the first student raise into master level which can achieved quite early, its all starting to look like T1000 was sended to the past to ensure Suleimans reign, maybe?... Seriously, all those healthkits, poisons, quitefast pistol, silent and deadly crossbow... and bombs to send terror into crowds, all that combined feels like overkill. Something like adding halfpound of sugar into nameCola bottle.At the bottom line, about 5 hours of gameplay can be noted as somewhat interesting  main missions some of them and cutscenes. And again, I must repeat that the scenario there even more grotesque than in the Assassins Creed 3 which I thought was impossible.... The only thing the screenwriters performed well is the loveline for Ezio. Taking the full perspective on gameplot leaved me puzzled and even ashamed, for Ezio, for Altair, for Desmond... How so? Whats that was for? What was the reason?  those unanswered questions fumed me into this negative review...Mark 6/10. You can play it... but there are plenty of more worthsome games in the world.