Assassins Creed Revelations is the kind of game that both qualifies imo as a DLC and a full game.Hear me out.ACR, story wise, gives us a full game experience on the journey of Desmond Miles quest for sanity inside the Animus. After the events of ACB, he finds himself trapped along side Subject 12. Subject 12 explains to him that he has to finish what he started in the Animus finishing the Ezio Auditore storyline, or lose all grip on reality. He enters back into the life of Ezio as he searches for answers at the castle in the first game, only to find it overrun by Templars. After Ezio finishes them, he finds the sacred library of Altiar, only to be locked by some kind of mechanism. He travels to Constantinople to find the keys needed to open the strange door, as well as looking into the life of Altiar as he finds each key. While in the city, he meets up with other Assassins and helps expand the Order, while eliminated Templars along the way.Here is where is gets a bit messy.If you choose to do all of the side quests for the Order, which for me took a few hours at least, you immediately get one of the best armor in the game, even though you technically just arrived in the city. Progressively, your enemies stand nearly no chance against you since your armor is maxed out. Sure, steath is still an important factor in the game and can still be a challange, but overall, combat has never been easier. Not to mention the best weapons are given to you as well. You can still buy landmarks, shops, etc, just like in Brotherhood, and there lies the problem this is Brotherhood improved/reskin. It feels like a discount Brotherhood. At least, thats how I felt like it is. Hopefully it might just be me. But gameplay overall can be quite easy to manage. As I stated, it feels like a DLC of Brotherhood.Bombs, on the otherhand, is where this game shines the most. You can now be really creative on how you want to kill your targets. You can customize your bombs by making them lethal or nonleathal. From shrapnal to smoke, bombs are fun to use. Except the fact that you can kill literally dozens of civis at once and the game can let you get away with it. Overall, good laughs from this one.SUMMARYACR is a fun, good game. Not terrific, but not terrible. It has its moments, and is a great edition story wise to the franchise that will either leave you in tears, or determined to play the next game for the sake of finishing what you started in the AC world. The gameplay and world might have its downsides and lower difficulty, but overall a good game.I rate Assassins Creed Revelations a 7.9/10, Great story, easy gameplay.