I really want to like the Assassins Creed series, but with Revelations being the btch slap in the face it is, I find myself unable to find any excuses to justify the existance of this game. It is mediocre in almost every way. Thats why I wrote this message to you. To warn you of this game.Lets take the environment for example. In ACII and Brotherhood we spent the game in Italy during the Rennaissance. There were unique environments, several factions that all offered different sidequests, quite a questlines, and on top of that a few assassination targets because, you know, its calledCreed. Revelations practically removed all of those things. The game takes place in Istanbul in the 1510s, and apparently back then it was normal for an entire city to look completely the same, without any variety at all. The buildings are copypasted, there were exactly 3 side quests one for each faction Thieves, Mercenaries and Romanies and there were very, very few assassination targets, with most of them being introduced only minutes before you get to stab their precious little necks.Instead, the game likes to expand on something that had been introduced in Brotherhood micromanagement. I will only say 3 words on this matterI wish that was the only bad thing there was to say about this game, but unfortunately, it isnt.The characters seem to lack any kind of personality. For example, they practically turned Ezio in another Desmond. Extremely boring. And its not just Ezio, but ALL characters you meet in this game. They lack any kind of personality and do not possess any real characteristics. Speaking of characters, they also seem keen on introducing Ezios new 30 year younger love interest. And how do they do it? By practically shoving her down the players throath. With a few small additions to the plot, she could have been skipped completely. Which would be a good thing, since the dialogue between her and Ezio is especially cringeworthy.Speaking of the plot,Also, a word of warning, if you want to buy this game because it has Altar in it, dont even bother spending your hardearned cash. Altar only shows up for a few short moments, with time jumps as large as 20 years. And even he seems to lack any kind of personality. As for Desmond... Hes still Desmond. Nuff said.But wait!, some of you may say, They added several new elements! Like grenades, the hookblade and the tower defense minigame! Yes, they did add them and yes, they removed all challenge and make the game even easier and more boring. Grenades are overpowered, the hookblade is overpowered and unrealistic and the tower defense minigame is a complete waste of time.As for the multiplayer, maybe you will enjoy it, maybe you wont. I didnt bother playing it.So, with this list of complaints I finally rest my case. Sorry for the extremely long wall of text, but people need to know that they should NOT buy this game. Youre better off replaying ACII.