TLDR  Even more of the same AC2/Brotherhood gameplay in a much smaller area... The story progresses more, though.Not as much to say about Revelations. After Desmond stabs Lucy after retrieving the Apple in the Colliseum, Desmond goes into shock and his brain activity is highly unstable. He gets hooked into an Animus and is told by Subject 16, who is just a memory echo in the Animus itself, that he needs to complete Ezios story to leave the Animus and continue the journey. You then find Ezio in Constantinople or as it was recently christened Istanbul and hes trying to find the Masayaf keys that were left behind by Niccolo Polo to open a vault of supreme knowledge. Upon entering Istanbul, Ezio finds himself confronting a conflict between Byzantine insurrectionists and the new Ottoman occupiers of the city. Ezio has to find the keys and discover the last bit of knowledge, not just for his own sake, but for Desmonds as well.While I love Istanbul and its many landmarks my favorite being the Hagia Sophia, the city felt like it was compressed down to AC2 size think Venice or Firenze. Since it was the only place you could go except for one sequence which took place in a small area inside of a cave that you cant go back to the world just felt small. Istanbul was a shining city of the time as well as being one of the largest cities in the former Roman Empire, so it just felt disappointing to only be moving about a tiny area when you were so used to Romes open areas and openness. The game was also fairly short compared to AC2 and Brotherhood. I think there were a total of 8 or 9 sequences with only a few missions each. Most of the gameplay was repeated, except they added in bomb crafting which I didnt use all too much as well as a TowerDefensestyle minigame for the previousBorgia towers. Once you conquered a tower, if your notoriety stayed too high for too long, the Templars would try to take it back. You would then have to play the tower defense minigame to hold it. However, it takes a long time and notoriety can be reduced fairly quickly and the game decided to try to force the TD mini game by making notoriety reduction harder through only being able to bribe heralds and kill witnesses. After the initial mission that had it, I never did the tower defense game again. I never needed to, so it was pretty useless. There was also no special armor you could get and those puzzles were reserved for when you got the Masayaf keys you only had to get 4 of them.... All of the mechanics felt really recycled and the new additions didnt seem to really give this game that extra kick that the series really needed. Taking the cities in the Assassin minigame was new, but then it just became a management sim and if you neglected it for too long, the game forced the city to revert back to Templar control. So it was just forcing you to do the Assassin contract missions for the sake of doing it, rather than achieving any real goal. A lot of the games new mechanics felt that way. They had you do them just to have you do them, rather than make it an integral part of the story.The story was the saving grace of this game, though. It really advances the Templar vs. Assassin story and it even crosses paths with Altairs story from the past in little sequences left behind in the Masayaf keys. In the end, the game shines a light on why trying to find the artifacts are of vital importance to the world, and it makes the race for the vaults feel more urgent than just a we dont want the Templars to have them motivation. Ezio truly becomes his own character as a grizzled veteran of the struggle and his temperment is perfect for this game. They even gave him a love interest that worked, and although she was more of a side dish than the main course, it added to the story instead of distracting from it.In the end, I have to give Revelations a slight Yes recommendation. Its still fun, but I found myself wanting to take more breaks and do something new rather than play through to the end. Thankfully, the end comes fairly quickly so you can push through and move on to the next chapter in the AC series.