Let me start by saying this If you liked Altair AC1 and the first two games of the Ezio Trilogy AC II and ACB, you really should play this game, and I do think you will enjoy it. It brings an ending to the story of these two characters, and on top of playing an older, more experienced Ezio, you also get to play some parts as Altair.Mechanicswise, the game picks up where ACB stopped and adds to the mechanics you know from the previous 3 games. You still micromanage your assassins, recruiting and training them, and you send them out on missions. This time, they dont only bring back money, they can also take over other cities, which will provide you with incoming money and components for the other new addition  bombs.The bombs have a rather complex system... you have three categories, of which you can have three bombs on you. For example, a shrapnel bomb, a smoke bomb similar to the good ol smoke bombs from ACB and a cherry bomb, which you can use to lure away guards, distracting them.You can put together those bombs, deciding whether you want them to explode on impact or with a delay, or whether they work like a mine, with a tripwire.Its a nice addition, but to me, its not a total gamechanger. You should get used to those bombs and their benefits, and use them the game will teach you how, and you can also test the bombs in a kind of a simulator.Other than that, its a lot like ACB... crossbow, assassins you can command and have them attack enemies for you, etc. Climbing is a bit more convenient now due to the new hookblade, which also can be handy in combat.The game DOES have a few issues... I had a few crashes apparently when some popup came up in my taskbar, the game crashed... at least I suspect that to be the reason, while the overall performance was great even at ultra settings.The controls... sigh... well, I do play AC games with an Xbox controller, and I think thats a LOT better and easier than using kbm. However, the controls still are often pretty... imprecise, wonky, weird. You know what I am talking about if you played earlier ACs... jumps going wrong as Ezio will not jump to some kind of ledge, but suddenly jump to the left or right. The hookblade, which will make you climb upwards faster and allows wider jumps as you can grab ledges with it, might cause you to accidentially do backwards jumps sometimes.I guess thats the curse of the series... those controls. I noticed a big improvement in Unity yes, I know, the game has serious issues... climbing down and fast parcour seems so much easier and controllable in Unity. I cant pinpoint why that is, it just feels that way when I compare parcour and races in ACII/ACB/ACR and ACU.The story is a bit confusing MUCH less so though if you played the previous games and know what the Apple Of Eden is, what the Templars do etc., and I am not sure how well this game would work for you if it was your first ACgame. I did enjoy it a lot, and the atmosphere of the game is AWESOME. Old Constantinople modern day Istanbul has a lot of vibe to it, and looks beautiful. Right now, my favorite setting is Paris in ACU, followed by Constantinople and Rome ACB...its up there.Great game, great ending to the Eziotrilogy AND AC1. If you enjoyed the first two Eziogames, make sure you get this one.Pros Great atmosphere/setting Good story/ending to Ezios and Altairs story Some minor improvements to climbing, weapons, assassin guild etc. Great soundtrack Play as Altair Very cool intro Some very cool missions/memories... wait till you have to prevent an assassination at the palace, with some Italian musicians involved... Some epic moments and Indiana Joneslike fights thinking of one of the last battles in which Sofia was involvedCons Occasional crashes YMMV As usual, kinda problematic controls Might not be a good standalone or get into the franchise type game, start with AC or, even better, ACIIAnd... once again, and I am not gonna spoil anything  if you did like Ezio and Altair, you owe yourself and them to play this. The ending of their story for a bit more of Ezios story, check out the Embers movie on YT is quite touching  yes, its sad, but to me, it was a satisfying ending to the story of two amazing heroes9.5/10