Short review If on sale, you should definitely give it a try. Kind of old game but a good assassinish game.Long reviewI do not have the new assassinss creed gamess but i can compare 1,2 and brotherhood.First game is altair story and a good game stroywise but below average game overall. I have read the book before playing the game and the book was more exciting DSecond game is ezio auditore story and a good game storywise but below average game overall. I have read the book before playing the game and the book was more exciting DBrotherhood is the next chapter of ezio auditore story and a good game storywise but below average game overall. I have read the book before playing the game and the book was more exciting DI dont think i will ever play 3rd game.After the Black Flag, the assassinss creed gamess got a whole new perspective. So i do not think i can comapare those with these first 4 games.So what i mean is, first 3 games can be enjoyable and they have considerable work and effort, congratulations, but this game is better.Revelations is the next next chapter of ezio auditore story. This time i am playing the game before the book. Revelations is an action and strategy filled game and strikes a good balance between them. I havent finished the game yet and i have the impression that no matter how the game ends, i will not need to change this review.This game starts with some sort of glitch with animus. So there is not much technological things to consider or to be bored with. First game have too much desmond factor in them. You will start as an asassin and play most of the time as an assassin. The story give you glimpes of earlier games and stories. If you are a story freak, you wil have to play the first 3 games to fully understand this one but i would suggest you to just read the books. When you understand the story and get used to game dynamics you will quickly feel like a master assassin.The game has strategic elements and the missions can be completed by using different methods. For example, you can throw a cherry bomb to attract people or guards to a point and scneak past them. There are diversion, elimination and one more kind of bomb that i forgot. There is a poison dart thing for silent takedowns. You will be able to hire assassinss to help you on missions or distract enemies. You can hire romny people to belnd in at some point. And probably there are more strategic opportunities that i do not yet now or tried. There are doctor dudes around the city and they can heal you anc sell you healing things. You do not have to be so strategic to finish the game. It is diversity that will appeal you most.More strategicly, there is a bank to store your money or something like that, there are crafting places, there are items to collect and upgrade you armory and weaponary and you can recruit assassinss out of regular people. I have probably finished 40 of the game and never felt any of these are necessary. But again, these can make your game very colorful.The game is mostly taking play in stanbul. I do not know if it will stay there for the whole game. stanbul is as good as florance in the earlier games and a fresh idea for this kind of historical game. Nice job ubisoft. A note, Tomb Raider is better parkouring.Some similarities with first 3 games There is a decent story. There is no fast travel. Or maybe i did not discover it yet There are errand jobs. I mean not assassinish jobs. The map is faily big and impressive. There are enough room to wonder around. You are accepting jobs everytime. This is totaly unnecessary D There are historical people, like Leo da vinci in 2 and Piri Reis in this one.What is different than first 3 games Pros Gameplay, free run, fighting dynamics and visuals are better. Though, when you are fighting, the soldiers around you are just wating their turns to be finished off by you  Characters have more humanity. The game is more action based than puzzle based. There are strategic elements like crafting explosives. Not everybody hates you. You can walk around the streets without always being on the lookout. First 3 games had errand jobs more than neccessary. This time quests feel important and they come up with fresh ideas. This game lets you play as altair and replay his memories. Aww, good old days.Cons Parkouring is cool and easy but it should have been better after 4 years or parkouring games. The characters have thick accents. I know this is authenticity and is a good thing but they sound like they are foring it too much. The professional killers sound amateurish. Why do i never hear call to prayers in a muslim city? As i said in the beginning, a complete assassinss creed game. Read the books of first three and play this one. 