 finale for both Ezio  Altair stories good mix between historical settings and Animus UI finally some Desmond  Subject 16 backstory big map of Istanbul main assassination missions master assassin missions smooth combat with cool combos bomb mechanics HUGE weapon selection fun Deathmatch multiplayer uPlay mediterranean defense game den defense really funky camera in some places many annoying 100 requirements for missions some graphical glitches a couple of rare AI glitches every other type of multiplayerWe finally get an ending for Ezio and, as it happens, we also learn about the life of Altair after events of AC1. However right away I can say that this game, while good, has been a bit rushed to fit the yearly release date. I found more glitches than in the previous two games  those are graphical, audio, AI  camera issues. The storyline is mostly set in Istanbul and a this change feels good, with a different architecture this time around. We finally get a proper ending for both Ezio and Altair while advancing the Desmond plot quite a lot. Desmond gets some backstory too and we meet Subject 16. Many missions are pretty cool, especially building up your master assassins. But some types become a bit repetitive and the 100 requirements for many missions are again VERY annoying. Maybe they are needed because you have assassin to fight for you and this time also bombs to throw out and kill whole groups. Yet I still feel the balance could have been adjusted. The combat is the same as in AC2  ACB. Main assassinations are again great and fun, each playing out a bit differently to mix things up a bit. Some game mechanics added to this game are just swing and miss, mainly  mediterranean defense game, den defense and for some people also the FPS platforming. As always you need a uPlay account. I tried some multiplayer and while Deathmatch is actually fun, but every other type of mode you get destroyed by high level people because they have better gear. Otherwise the game itself is nice but it feels it could be better. Recommended for anyone who played the previous games, but expect a less polished game which somehow lacks even compared to AC1.There are some DLCs available for this game that are not on Steam.Solo Pack weaponsupgrade, Mediterranean Exclusive Missions missions, Multiplayer Pack character.