Another expac for AC2, after the brotherhood expac.The story continue with a mostly older Etzio but there are a few part with the first AC hero Altair. Story was more fun than  brotherhood, but couldnt compare with the AC2 story of course! This time, the city is constantinople.Again, we come back with brotherhood assassins crew that you can send on missions to become better assassins. Again, i spent more time buying all the shops and monuments and playing with my crew than running the main mission I actually got the master assassin armor before i finished getting the first crappy leather set of armor from the shop! hahaha. There is a concept of setting up a new den after you capture templar regions in the city. Similar to what we already had in brotherhood, but this time, the templar can capture it back if youre not careful!Also, we get introduced to all kind of bomb making. Actually, this game is fantastic for terrorist in training. The amount of bombs you can use is just insane and pretty overpowered! Its a good thing you can only bring 3 bombs of each type on you at a time or you would do nothing else to assassinate your targets but bomb them! But then, they put bomb making tables everywhere in the map so you are rarely more than 1 minute away from making more bombs! And you always get more bomb making ingredients than you know what to do with i never bought any bomb making ingredients. In fact, i sold so many ingredients for big ! Especially at the start when you are poor, its a fantastic way to make money.The gameplay is awesome and fun. What is also very special about this game is the templar you kill. In all the templar kill you did in the earlier AC, templar always die with arrogance and naked lust for power that you cannot root for them, they are insanely evil and corrupted by power. But in revelation, its quite the opposite! Each templar death made me question my motives as an assassin! The templars that we kill always had pretty good reasons to do what they did and they sincerely believed they were trying to help humanity become better! And they always said What are you assassins doing to help humanity? And we just cant answer positively that question. Im telling you, each templar death is not rewarding but very troubling! Thats freaking AWESOME in  a game!!! Completely different from the other templar death in previous AC.Now the only lowdown would be when you go back into the animus and play as desmond. Man that was freaking boring. I dont know why they even bother with that part of the game. Fortunately, you can skip it and get back to play Etzio which i did since it was far more fun. 