With extensive sheer, i would like to say Assassins Creed Revelations tells the perfect conclusion of Mentor Altair and Mentor Ezio. This couldnt be better than this. In Assassins Creed series, Ezios trilogy is the most prodigious and astonishing. Like how Mentor Ezios story started and ended. Revelations proves an eminent part of its series. Allow me to share my thoughts on itStory is the momentous feature of this title. I can call this story with many names and nostalgic is one of them. Because the story has been extended with the memories of Legendary Altair. Altairs sequences let us know more about him and core of the story. Mostly about his beliefs, judgement and misery. But whole story is about Ezios journey to find the hidden artifact of Altair. So Ezio goes through Altairs long lost memories. This is how Ezio finds himself in an immersive battle which is more darker than it looks. Even Ezio travels some ancient sights and meets few iconic persons who left marks in the history. So story is themed with ancient background and beliefs. I loved how one story made multiple conclusion of Ezio and Altair. Even both of them are perfect. Also through the story, Ezio finds his love. So there was some lovely moments along with emotional and humanizing moments. The whole story through, i couldnt expect how its gonna end. It is immensely contingent. Altairs memories and Ezios ambitions inflicted elusive perfection to the story. Still there are more to say about it.Visuals are great as you know this is almost 6 years old. So dont expect it to be something like astonishing. But youll be satisfied with the visuals. About Characters, facial expressions and details are better than before. All the characters looks great. About environments, everything seemed really cool. They are improved than before as well. Its not that colorful but bit yellowish. Still great overall.Gameplay is the most focused feature in this series after story. There are more skills and moves for fight. Also there are some new cinematic finishes when you counter kill any attacker which seems really cool. All the fighting interactions are perfected. Youll have an eminent experience in every combats. Some of the attackers are complex to eliminate like Janissaries. They are highly skilled and wise. So youll find yourself in bit of trouble. About map and locations, youll be able to explore a breathing city. Besides Istanbul, therell be more locations to wander. All those crowds whenever you kill someone thats just intense. Makes situations more deep. Well the city is not that big like Syndicate but not even that concise. There are couple of tunnels for fast travelling. Even the city keeps you busy because there tons of collectibles. Like in game currency, bomb making incredients and many more things. Also you can play multiple side quests like memories of your allies around the city. So you would be very comfortable with its gameplay.Have to say, Revelations has the superior background scores. Better than any other titles. All the soundtracks are perfectly matched with their given situations. Makes the whole experience more iconic and emotional. In other words, all musics of Revelations are incomparable.I have no problem with the performance. Im playing on Intel Core i7 7700K, R9 390 STRIX and 6GB Ram. Getting absolute 60 FPS with highest settings. Tell you what, i didnt get any bugs, errors, crashes or stuttering till now. Well this happens with me very rarely.So folks, If you are still not experienced with it then just own it. This title is essential for every Assassins Creed and story lovers. I personally guarantee you that you wont be disappointed if you try this out.