Summary The final part of the Ezio Trilogy, Revelations gives deeper insight into the future of Ezio Auditore, the Assassin Orders history and potential future, as well as pushes the characters of Desmond Miles and even Altair further. Ezio Auditore, now with beard and commonly referred to as That Old Man, takes center stage and the game as a whole gives a thrilling conclusion to this marvelous written and spectacularly acted individual. Assassins Creed Revelations begins almost immediately where Brotherhood left off, so it is highly encouraged that you do not begin playing the Assassins Creed series from this point, as you will be somewhat lost in the story. The game gives a small synopsis of what has occurred in previous installments, but considering that Assassins Creed II and Brotherhood are still well developed games to this day, it would be best to play them first.Story We find the current timeline of this game in the midst of conflict between the Byzantine Empire and the remnants of the Ottoman Empire in Constantinople. A now experienced Old Man, Ezio leaves Italy behind to make sense of the history of the Assassin Order and the experience of his ancestor, Altair. The story and everything that makes it is the most exceptionally well done in this installment. Voice Actor Roger Craig Smith still shines as Ezio, making us believe that this is indeed an aged and seasoned assassin. The characters he interacts with all help to shape the world surrounding us. You care about almost everyone regardless of how little they may be highlighted, even to a fault. I actually wish we would have had more time with Sofia Sartor, an Italian book collector with whom Ezio befriends. This is an example of how unfortunately short lived this game in particular is. Concentrating on the main story while doing some side content, I beat this game in 17 hours, the shortest out of the Ezio trilogy.On the present day storyline, Desmond is trapped in the animus, interacting with subject 16, also trapped and with an unsettling demeanor. While each moment with these two characters is well done, it is also short lived and not built upon too much. As you collect animus fragments in Ezios storyline, you can also unlock First Person puzzle missions on the Animus Island where Desmond is stuck in. Unfortunately I could not do these missions, as there is STILL a bug in the game that will cause the game to crash whenever you try to enter the mission. Ive been told this was also an issue with at least the PS3 version but I am currently unaware if this was ever patched on that version.Gameplay  Content What you are familiar with from the previous installments is further fine tuned in Revelations. The platforming is better, though not by much I still occasionally jumped to my doom every so often due to bad positioning of Ezio, the camera, or the occasional platform that was a little too well hidden. Horses are no longer a feature in the game, though not exactly needed. Much of the side content from previous games was either ratcheted down or completely taken out. I never once saw Assassination contracts, which fortunately were brought back in Assassins Creed III for those who enjoyed them Not me, I tended to ignore them. New side content, such as the Tower Defense imitation you are introduced to near the beginning of the game, is easily forgettable and even seems like the developers went out of their way to hide the fact that they exist.Main gameplay missions are the typical Kill this target, tail this target, but occasionally they throw something quite fun and unique in to surprise you. At one point you get your revenge on those pesky minstrels, steal their clothes and become one yourself. Not only was this mission clever, it was fun hearing Ezio mock the very existence of minstrels with his lyrics. I would almost encourage you to play this game for this part alone.The new bomb system in this game that replaces the smoke bombs from the previous games is for the most part ineffective I found in most situations and at best very situational. Attack bombs you have too much of a chance of hurting yourself, decoy bombs either fail at distracting your enemies or immediately blow your cover regardless of distance, and even stun bombs wont work on most enemies. Only the Smoke Screen bomb, which is literally the smoke bomb from the previous games, will actually work for you. Thankfully this was a feature that was scrapped in future installments and I say good riddance.Audio There is not much to say in terms of the audio. As a AAA title sound and music are top notch. The background music is beautiful and relevant to the setting, and sound effects are quality and impactful.Graphics This game is a bigger step ahead from Brotherhood than Brotherhood was to Assassins Creed II. Everything is much better detailed and animated, which helps give you an idea of where the series is headed in terms of graphics. However I am not sure if this a problem with my Graphics card or with me, but just like the previous games in the series, I had problems with shadow flickering. On my NVidia GTX 970 Im surprised to see this STILL occurring. Additionally this still shows the issue of NPCs and world props loading in later than they should be, sometimes scaring the ever loving hell out of me. This is a problem that STILL persists with Assassins Creed III as I have been playing it.Final Thoughts While a step down from Assassins Creed Brotherhood overall, it is still worth the time and price for the story alone. Ubisoft provides a thrilling and immersive experience in the open world of Constantinople despite its many glaring flaws. As far as the story for the Animus Fragment puzzle missions? Would probably be best to youtube them. 