is a parkour beatem up adventure game. With his mind shattered and overwhelmed by the memories of his ancestors, the Assassins connect Desmonds body to the Animus in hopes his mind finds its way back to him. Desmond relives the last memories of Ezio Auditore, now a grizzled mentor, who, while retracing the steps of Altar, arrives in Ottomancontrolled Constantinople.The game add new mechanics, among which the Ottoman HookBlade that allows ziplining and greater reach in parkour, as well as an interesting crafting system for a variety of bombs. Loot is no longer meaningless, as it now consists of components for the bomb crafting. As opposed to, the openworld isnt stretched with large masses of empty land, but consists of one much larger city, Constantinople, whose design is a much better city to run and jump in than Rome was. You must now train your assassins to Master levels and assign them as Den Leaders of neighborhoods you take over from the Bezantine Templars, or risk having them take back control. Also, the exploration dungeons are much grander than before, crumbling in your passing rather than just dropping a convenient ladder for when you fall. When Desmond logs out of his ancestors memory, he arrives on Animus Island, a world template within the Animus OS, where he can platform through the program and think back on his childhood in the Assassin Farm by unlocking Animus fragments found throughout the game.The game is very familiar, very much like the previous ones, and graphics havent seen much improvement. The Tower Defenselike mini game of defending your dens against Templar retaliation just doesnt fit in this action game, nor does the Desmond platforming fromDLC. It is close to impossible to maintain influence in foreign cities through sending your assassins on mission, unless you dedicate yourself to just a few cities, otherwise by the time you complete a sidequest or two your influence will have redropped dramatically. Next on your list!is another good chapter of the series, and a great closing to the Ezio trilogy. If you enjoyed the story of the previous games, youll want this one. But its once again more of the same, so dont even consider if you are tired of the mechanics youve been playing with so far. 