According to Oxford Dictionary, the term Revelations means as a noun  A surprising and previously unknown fact that has been disclosed to others  mass noun he making known of something that was previously secret or unknown / Used to emphasize the remarkable quality of someone or something. Basing on that, the title Assassins Creed Revelations is a suitable heading for the third and final instalment of Ezio Auditore da Firenze yet this time, it also tells the story of Altar IbnLaAhad basically giving both of them the closing curtain call. However, if you want to ultimately see the final chapter, its advisable to also see the short film Assassins Creed Embers. Nevertheless, even though its the final chapter for both of these famous assassins, the game plays out the weakest of Ezios trilogy and, unfortunately worse than the first Assassins Creed game.The franchise Assassins Creed grew way too fast in popularity as shown during the past three games. The first had a decent storyline and approach whilst Assassins Creed II added many more features that made Assassins Creed I look like a tech demo. However, in Brotherhood, even though its my favourite out of the four, starting to show cracks in the storyline thus using the band aid approach, especially when playing the modern day characters with Desmond and those obnoxious kids. Seriously, it was so messed up, the game can do without them. However, this tradition carried on into Revelations yet, this time, those kids played a minor role and thankfully, Desmond now has a backstory via the Animus Shards scattered throughout the map of Constantinople.Revelations, whilst not a bad game overall, is the game that needs to tie up loose ends from the previous Assassins Creed games including the DS / PSP ones. It looks like Assassins Creed was getting way out of proportion with its storyline with plenty of WTF moments near the end. It feels like Ubisoft have no idea where this franchise is heading too thus making this game the closing chapter and start fresh if another game was in production for which it was, titled Assassins Creed III. If you managed to get on hold of the Animus Edition, it comes with the Assassins Creed Encyclopaedia explaining the history as best as they can. Its a worthwhile addition if you want to stitch up the potholes this game has created. I guess the game can be viewed as the scapegoat, the victim of its own success that had to be released to get some closure to this fantastic series.Full review here7 / 10