If you play games for the storytelling, then you might like this game. This title concludes Ezios story from AC2 and AC Brotherhood, so you will probably like this story if you liked the story from those titles. The voice acting and dialog are very good in my opinion. None of the characters stood out as particularily annoying either. There is also some optional extra story related to Desmonds past leading up to the first AC title that is unlocked by collecting DNA fragments while playing as Ezio. I found the story to be somewhat interesting, but it wasnt worth dealing with the awkward first person perspective game play.If you play games for the game play mechanics and like the game play mechanics of the previous Assassins Creed titles, then you will probably like this title. The controls are still a little awkward. I often found that Ezio trying climb walls unintentionally when all I wanted him to do was run straight. Bombs were added along with the ability to craft them. Ingredients for them are found all over the place in chests, looted from enemies or purchased from vendors. I found these to be pretty useful during my playthrough, and they offered some variety to the combat.The hookblade was added which allows Ezio to climb faster, use ziplines and perform some new combat moves. While climbing up a wall in the previous titles, the player could jump up and grab a ledge that was slightly out of reach. The hookblade essentially just removes the need to press another button in order to grab onto that ledge after jumping. Ziplines are randomly placed over the city rooftops, but I found that I rarely used them during my playthrough as they usually didnt go in the direction I was heading. The hookblade can also be used during combat to do a hook and run Ezio rolls over the back of an enemy and keeps on running, hook and throw Ezio rolls over the back of an enemy and throws him to the ground and counter steal Ezio hooks the pocket where the enemys coin purse is and jacks it. The only time I ever used these moves during my playthrough was to complete the challenges associated with them.This title also has a number of challenges associated with the assassins, the mercenary guild, theives guild, the romanis and bombs. Most of the challenges are relatively easy to complete Call assassins in during combat 25 times, Distract guards with romanis 15 times, Perform a hook and throw 10 times, etc, but a couple of them are quite frustrating Perform a counter kill streak of at least five 10 times. I completed all of these challenges, but I had to look up how to complete some of them on the internet. Completing groups of challenges will unlock perks associated with each faction faction weapons, reduced faction hiring cost, faster call assassin recharge, etc. I found completing these challenges to be mostly worthwhile.There is a metagame called Mediterranean Defense that is basically used as the main way to level up your assassins. The player selects a city, then a mission in that city, and finally assigns one or more assassins to that mission. Money, assassin XP and a percentage of control over the city are awarded at completion. The player can also assign assassins to each city which can then be used to complete missions without using the ones alotted for the call assassins ability. Each day every 20 minutes of active game time not spent in any menus money, assassin xp for stationed assassins and bomb ingredients are awarded for each city the player has control over. However, a random percentage of assassin control is also subtracted from each city. If a percentage of assassin control reaches zero, templars will lay siege on that city. If the player doesnt complete a special mission with a day, control over the city and all assassins assigned to that city will be lost.Something else to note is that there are two optional parts of the game with completely different game play mechanics. The first is the Desmonds Journey sequences that are unlocked as the player collects certain numbers of DNA fragments while playing as Ezio, and the other is the main story content for The Lost Archive DLC. The game play for these sections is in first person perspective, and the player must overcome puzzles by placing different shaped platforms to walk across. It vaguely reminded me of Portal without the gun. I found the game play for these parts to be awkward, frustrating and completely out of place in an AC title.Overall, I enjoyed my time with this title. However, there was one thing in particular that annoyed me the Mediterranean Defense metagame. Since I had put so much time into assigning the maximum number of assassins to each of the 10 or so cities, I felt compeled to maintain control over the cities. Every 20 minutes Id have to go through and assign missions. This became very tedious and annoying.