Assassins Creed Revelations is an old mans story slow enough to make the player feel old too.Featuring a triple narrative, Revelations follows the stories of three men following each others stories. These men are members of a secretive brotherhood of Assassins that fight for the free will of humanity in opposition to the Templar Order, who seek to steal it away. In the distant past, you have the 12th century Assassin, Altair, and his quest to unite his brotherhood in the wake of their mentors betrayal and defeat. Following his story is the 15th century Assassin and mentor Ezio, who is using special artifacts to view important moments in Altairs life in an attempt to track down the keys to his long locked vault. The artifacts themselves are memory recording devices left behind by a civilization so old that it is ancient to ancient history. This civilization of those who came before perished after a sun burst cooked the planet, and now another sun burst is threatening to cook it again in the modern day. The modern era brings us to Desmond, a modern day Assassin using a special machine to relive the memories of his ancestor Ezio. Desmond has been using the machine too much, and his comatose mind has become scrambled with the DNA memories of Altair and Ezio. So he must see Ezios story through to its definitive conclusion in order to regain order and control of his own mind lest he cant help his brotherhood avert the incoming natural disaster with the help of the techonology left by the earlier civilization.On the whole, Desmonds story takes an absolute backseat. Players will primarily control Ezio in his quest for the keys, and each key will unlock a small memory of Altairs in turn. Altairs story is far too scattershot to have any emotion or satisfaction. Meanwhile Ezios is too devoid of any solid plot line outside of his quest for keys. Theres a background plot involving a fight with the Templars, politics in the Sultanate of Constantinople, and a girl he fancies, but characters leave as quickly as they show up, and those that do stick around are woefully underwritten.Revelations is a grab bag of multiple mechanics. At its core, the game is an action and melee combat adventure with stealth mechanics and a robust climbing and free running movement system. Ezio can buy a massive variety of armors, weapons, and other tools. A large amount of attention is spent on bombs, their ingredients, and customization of crafting them. However customization of bombs is less than impressive, using them can be awkward thanks to the controls, and more often than not other tools are better suited for any situation. Combat is far, far too easy. Counterattacks are easy to trigger and can be strung together into an endless chain of instantly killing blows until every enemy lies bleeding at the players feet. Underneath the adventure game is a city renovation and small time army management game. Ezio can recruit fighters to his cause and they can be used as assistants in the already too easy combat, or they can be shuttled off to other cities in an attempt to establish a foothold throughout the Mediterranean. This latter gameplay is achieved entirely through too many menus and all comes down to simple ratio of success measurements based on their Assassin level. Taking over cities and renovating them in turn will see Ezio receiving a kickback of cash and bomb ingredients. Another optional gameplay mode sees players reliving Desmonds and his companion Clays abstract memories in a sort of first person platform puzzler with somewhat janky jumping and miserably slow movement. Also scattered throughout just about every mode in the game are hundreds of coin chests, bomb ingredients, system glitches, and other collectibles if players have the stomach for that sort of thing.Set primarily in the city of Constantinople, Revelations doesnt really stand out. Ezio certainly looks the part of a wizened man who is still more than capable of putting up a fight and he is quite detailed and well animated. But Constantinople quickly blends into the same jumbled mesh of slum wood, rich metal, and middle class stone that swirls in the mind. Its one defining feature is the river separating the primary southern city from the small district to the north. While probably historically accurate, the river only serves as a means to waste more time whenever you need to cross it. Theres a real lack of detail on just about every character in Altairs story for some reason. Large articles of clothing like a bag worn by Abbas have few enough polygons to be counted on two hands. Overall the game gives off a rather middling impression, and I experienced a few crashes, constant frame rate stutters, bugged quests, and a camera so broken from the start that it required me to dig through the games files and delete one just to fix. The music, however, is absolutely stellar. 