Assassins Creed Revelations gameplay is what you expect from AssCreed game... Aside for few small differences it is same as Brotherhood and Assassins Creed 2... It is really good, I like Assassins Creed, it makes you look powerful and badass... The city itself is beautifully designed and atmosphere is fantastic...Combat is usually too easy, as you might expect, but can also be frustrating against tougher opponents that dodge your every move... But, as I said, something you might expect from AssCreed game...Everything said, gameplay is great... If you like other games in the series, youll like this one...So, why the NOT RECOMMENDED...First, I KNOW that it is a somewhat fantasy game, I KNOW that it is made by people of various religions and beliefs, I KNOW that it is just the game... But, as stated numerous times on the interwebz, people like it, people play it, and people learn about historical figures and facts from it...So, we clarified that This game... It insults common sense with its historical story... And not only that, it also straight forward writes false historical facts e.g. in database you can read that Constantine the Great forced Christianity on the citizens of the Empire... Why would he do that?! He, himself was not a Christian for almost his entire life... He was baptized on his death bed.... It is just an example, many facts, not important for the story such as one, written above, were absolutely wrong... Why?! So the Christians would look bad? And Ottomans would look like nice guys, liberating the good people of the Empire... Byzantine empire also, Roman empire, not Byzantine... The term Byzantine Empire was not used in its period, neither was it used during the time the game takes place, but it is not important mistake was multiethnic, and somewhat multicultural empire where barbaric peasant boys grew up to become Emperors... Through ambition and bloody struggle... So, you are telling me about racism and hate for other ethnicities and races in it... And all that, before Ottomans came, liberated the city and allowed everyone to live in it, happy and free... It is absolutely preposterous... And insulting... Especially for Greeks... Every Greek I met so far in the game is bad guy... They are all Byzantines... And, yes, I know they are templars, but they are frequently called Byzantines... More frequently than Templars, actually... And the game openly speaks very bad about Constantine XI, who is national hero in Greece, and saint for some Orthodox christians...And, as you can see, I played a game for few hours... And I plan on finishing it... So, lets see the story to the end... But I am not planning on recommending a game where Palaiologos are main antagonists in fight against the Ottomans...    Yeah, thanks for reading... 