Grand Theft Auto III is one of the most revolutionary games ever made, it changed the video game landscape forever, so lets get into it.We play as Claude, a young bank robber who is trying to make it in Liberty City. After a bank heist his girlfriend Catalina shoots Claude and leaves him for dead. After a prison break Claude escapes and so begins his quest for revenge towards Catalina.The gameplay is pretty identical to every other GTA game, but Ill explain if you want to know. The game is a sandbox title where you are free to explore at your own pace, you can travel by foot, by car or by boat. No air travel just yet. Its fun driving around and seeing the sights in Liberty City.The gameplay is very stiff for this title. The driving is very hard to control and requires a lot of time getting used to it, but once youre used to it, its not big of a problem.The game also has a mission structure and every mission requires to do a lot of different stuff, ranging from racing, to hitman missions and a lot more stuff. A lot of the missions can be fun, but a lot of them are incredibly difficult and here is the biggest problem with the game.Now dont get me wrong, when a game is challenging that is not bad, but when its so hard its next to the point of being unfair is not good. GTA Vice City and San Andreas has a good mixture of difficulty where the missions where possible no matter what. GTA 3 however is incredibly difficult due to the very confusing objective placements and really punishing missions where a few good placed shots could blow up your car.The soundtrack is also really lackluster. Every radio station only has 4 songs each  at least from what I remember. But a lot of the songs are good, so I wont go too harsh on it.The story is really great, while not the best thing of all time, it helps to push you to the conclusion and it really satisfies you after the end credits start rolling.While playing, I had zero issues with the game. No crashes, no game breaking bugs. Apart from minor AI glitches, I had no problems.The game took me 13 hours to finish, after youre done, you also have races and packages you can collect all over Liberty City.Overall GTA 3 is a good game, but it has not aged well since 2001. Its a revolutionary game and I wont deny the impact it had on the world of gaming, but I highly suggest players to buy either Vice City or San Andreas.Final Rating6/10  Worth Purchasing on SaleIf you liked this review please consider giving it a thumbs up and if you disliked post in the comments on what you disliked about the review.For more reviews follow Snorts Review curator page follow for regular updates on reviews for other games! 