After spending many hours playing this game I finally decided to give it a review. I played this game mostly on the phone and later decided to buy it on pc. There are a few differences that I noticed while playing the steam version likeThe car textures are all dark. Yeah its not a big problem, but it could be annoying.There are a few glitches that I encountered, pretty big ones like cars being stuck in air and cars being stuck in buildings. There were a few crashes when I tried to skip the intro sequence but thats about it. Keep in mind that gta 3 is an older game so you will probably encounter something like that  if you are playing the game the on a modern system.Now about the game itself. Gta 3 is an open world actionadventure thirdperson shooter video game developed by DMA Design and published by Rockstar Games. And the question is it is worth playing it ? The answer is yes. Every gta game should be worth playing even though you got gta 5 and 4 this stills holds up well in my opinion. The characters, the atmosphere and the city itself is memorable. But those things could be the only good things about the game. Because it doesnt have much to offer nowadays. You cant customize your character, theres not lot of weapons and you cant even swim ! The funny thing is you will receive a lot of money. Already for the first mission in the game you will get 1500. But you really cant spend money on a lot of stuff. But something about the game to me is just magical and I dont know what it is. You will probably hate this game if you have already played more advance gta games. The game does get difficult especially in the end but you once played that mission enough times you will get good at it. But its not the mission that are difficult. Its the side mission and collectibles that are required for 100 completion in the game if you are the guy who wants to get everything out of the game. Exploring is fun even though you cant do much in the city its still fun to find a weapon or a collectible of which there are total of 100 hidden collectibles in the whole city !So thats about it. Hopefully this review helped you a bit to me this game is definitely one of my favourite games and hopefully you will give this game chance ! 