Just finished the game for the first time in years. Ive always played it on my PS2 when I was a kid, but never had the chance to actually beat it.GTA III is a fantastic game. Its one of the fathers of 3D openworld gaming. You can see elements of this game in current generation open world games, like GTA V or Watch Dogs 2. It plays a big role in videogame history, for sure.It has some limitations, but I think thats exactly what makes this game special and different from the other titles.For example, GTA III lacks a map  yeah, you just cant pause and open the map so you can mark and travel wherever you want to go. In order to go to an AmmuNation store, for example, you need to know your way to the store before going there, without the help of a map or a blip. Its a pain in thesometimes, but I actually think thats lovely. In the last missions of the game you probably already know Liberty City better than your own real city and that is pretty much fantastic. The game lacks many basic functions that were later introduced in GTA San Andreas and other titles, but this doesnt turn the game into a bad game. Not even close. Its limitations create a unique and pretty nostalgic feeling.Also, it is locked on something like 25FPS. And no, you cant unlock it to 60FPS without breaking the whole game while doing it. If you disable the builtin frame limiter, the game simply goes nuts. Physics, cars, AI, pretty much everything breaks up. Theres a simple and functional workaround for that, Im writing it on the next part  so lets talk about its flaws.The PC version have some flaws when played outofthebox. Widescreen resolutions are stretched 43 and man, it looks like You need to patch it with a fanmade fix in order to play it in real 169 Widescreen, then it gets lovely.Also, PC textures are not very good. Theyre pretty much the same as the PS2 version and theyre kinda ugly IMO. But there are patches fixing that without transforming or changing the game experience.The original XBox version of the game had way better lighting effects, textures and pretty much everything enhanced. Theres a fan made patch that inserts these XBox upgraded assets into the game, too, so you can play the DEFINITIVE version of the game without modding it and changing the experience as a whole. It stays original and as a bonus, way more beautiful.Also, this mod also fixes the stupid framerate lock. It upgrades the 20FPS slowexperience to a very smooth, beautiful 35FPS one. Yeah, I know you must be laughing at me right now, but trust me. I mean, please, trust me. This game is absolutely fantastic at a locked 35FPS, man. I really couldnt believe I was playing something so smooth at that framerate. Really, framepacing is ROCK SOLID and the smoothness is great.You can check how to enhance your game experience with this game on PCGamingWiki. They have a very good article just about these patches and fixes.To end this long, tiring review, I must repeat that GTA III is a AWESOME game. Its legendary and every videogame fan should play it because it plays a gigantic role in videogame history.It may not be as good as San Andreas or the modern ones like IV which is the best, IMO, but it still packs a lot of nostalgia and a great experience. I truly recommend everyone to play it, because it is simple, PLAIN AWESOME.7/10, legendary game. I felt like I was in 2002 again.