Thegame series should only have limited appeal to me, given its reputation for gratuitous violence, amoral acts, unpleasant characters, younameit. Having dipped into, I decided to give the series a try, starting with. You play the role of minor gangster who works for various criminal organizations, going on missions to steal and/or kill, and usually driving around the city in a stolen vehicle above the speed limit, through red lights, through pedestrians. Although the game is a bit dated in 2017, it introduced me to many innovative, callingcard features of the series. Although the crass presentation and heavy emphasis on stereotypes is not intended to be taken too seriously, I can understand why some players might be put off. For my part, I found the game entertaining and humorous in a rated R kind of way and even challenging at times.Combat and movement on foot were a bit awkward in this game but also inline with other games from the same time period. On the other hand, driving around in the city was surprisingly fluid and responsive, aside from a few glitches and camera angles. Most of the game involves undertaking tasks from various gang leaders, and these tasks frequently involve driving from one location to another or performing tasks while driving around the city the kind of stuff you would expect a low level gangster to do on behalf of Tony Soprano plus the token stolen vehicle. Although the missions are pretty basic on the surface, most are actually quite fun, perhaps within the greater context of the story and the setting. And quite a few missions are downright challenging, which can be an issue since there is no way to adjust difficulty. I was able to complete all the main missions and phone missions in the game, albeit with some help from the internet for the more challenging ones.The protagonist, Claude, is a low level gangster who is hired by a number of shady characters throughout the game to do their dirty work. If you want to get picky about his story, you argue that there does not seem be any real motivation for him to do these favors for them except perhaps a long game of revenge, but he does them nonetheless, perhaps for the money, except he doesnt really buy anything in the game, except weapons and ammo and new paint jobs for his vehicles. So, yes, he is pretty forgettable  I probably will not remember his name next week  but there are other characters voiced by Hollywood stars, but I would not call any of them particularly memorable either, even if you recognize the talent behind their voices. The best characters in the game  by far  are the DJs on the various radio stations that you can listen in your car. And while some of the music does get repetitive after 27 hours of play, the songs, commercials, and soundbites are surprisingly catchy and entertaining.The story is set in a fictional American city that is subdivided into three major areas connected by tunnels and bridges. The city design is phenomenal. There were times when I was hoping for a map that I could pull up beyond just the minimap, but over the course of the game you become pretty familiar with the layout. It is effectively an openworld setting. At the start of the game Claude is betrayed by his partner during a heist and is sent to prison. After he escapes, he continues his life of crime by working for various gangsters. The city, the gangsters, and the radio stations cover the whole ethnic spectrum of American society where each group is represented by its criminal stereotypes e.g. Japanese Yakuza, Italian Mafia, Colombian Cartel, crooked cops, etc.. There really are no good guys in this game.Graphics are a bit dated in, but the sound and especially the music are excellent. There were a few visual glitches here and there but no gamebreaking bugs that I recall. I did apply one of the unofficial patches through the Steam community.The cities ofare basically an openworld setting, and you could just go drive around, mess around, even after completing the main story. My Stats say that I only completed 42 of the content, so clearly I left a lot of optional challenges and content undone. But rather than stick around in GTA III, my plan is to move onward to Vice City.7/10 