Openworld classic that inspired dozens of clones and made Rockstar one of the most successful developers of all time.However, the PC port of this game was poor on release and its aged like milk. Ive made a list of problems and solutions I had while getting it runningI had a lot of trouble getting this game to launch in Win10. I had to use both SilentPatch and the DDraw patchto get past the Unhandled Exception c0000005 error and crash after the intro movie. EDIT These patches also fix a bug where menu text is either invisible or very faded.This is one of those old games where physics are tied to framerate. If you turn off the 30FPS limiter, car friction, jumping and running up stairs are totally broken. This is one of those things where someone at Rockstar could fix it in an afternoon but its still broken after all these years. As far as I know, theres no mod or patch to fix this. You can limit the game to 60 with a graphics driver tool but the physics problems are still there.The HUD doesnt scale well for widescreen. Theres a widescreen option in the graphics menu but it doesnt work. You need to use a community fixto get the game to look as expected at resolutions like 1080p or anything bigger than 1024x768.The Steam version of the game has a bug where lighting doesnt affect cars if youre running it on a modern version of Windows. The SilentPatch I linked earlier fixes this bug, but the widescreen patch I linked breaks it again. The best way to fix this bug is adding.GTA3 has decent support for DirectInput controls and thats good enough for me. Theres plenty of people with Xinput controllers though. San Andreas recently got a patch to support them but GTA3 hasnt had that patch yet despite using the same engine.is a mod that adds support along with the correct HUD buttons.If you change mouse sensitivity in game which everyone would, since its designed for monitors with like 8 DPI, it only changes the X sensitivity while leaving the Y axis to go wild.is a patch to fix that bug.This one isnt a big issue I dont use it but this game was designed to take advantage of the PS2s hardware with stuff like realtime car reflections. They couldnt be bothered to port any of these enhancements to the PC version but there is a mod that restores PS2like graphics to the gameRead the instructions though!If youre a completionist, the ingame stats arent useful at all. A member of the community made a 100 checklist that hooks the game  and tells you what you still need to do if youre trying to complete the game 100.Another nothuge issue but something to keep in mind before playing. Aspoints out, their huge game with 3 different islands has no ingame map, so you either have to memorise where everything is or follow their suggestion andlike its 1999.Just a final tip to top everything off, once youve got the game running you can delete the movies directory from the install folder and itll no longer play the intro movies. A little nugget that will save you a few seconds after spending 20 minutes or more getting the game running.I do love this game but I cant honestly recommend GTA3 to anyone until they fix some of these issues.