GTA III is third installment and the first 3D title of the GTA series. This title is revolutionary in many ways, but most importantly as pioneer of OPEN WORLD and SANDBOX gaming. Although open world games existed before GTA III, this game put the feature right near the top of the list from where it went on to become the most dominating characteristic found in almost all of todays top of the range games. In this game you play the role of a wronged criminal on his quest for revenge. Betrayed by your own very hot girlfriend, you find yourself right at the bottom of the pile, from where you must rise up through the ranks by doing petty crimes and driving around mob bosses in the beginning, but assassinations, heists, auto theft, racing, and every type of criminal activities you can imagine as you progress along the game. The setting is Liberty City, loosely based on New York City. You can drive cars or boats. You can roam around freely. Some parts of the city will unlock based on your progress through the storyline. Missions are given out by characters strewn around the city. Apart from missions, there are plenty of sidemissions which will net you lot of money as well as excellent perks that are very useful for the story missions. If you are fan of open world, sandbox style gameplay, and do not mind challenges, you aboslutely must play this.Gameplay  Gameplay is not GTA IIIs forte. Very quirky and sensitive. Too many instafails. Too many missions are based on the learn through failure policy which I do not like. While some such missions have to inevitably exist, a good game design should have enough missions following the policy of planning ahead through clues as well. That goes on to give better immersion and realism. Then there is the annoying aspect of hostile territory which makes sense during the main storyline, but after the completion it should not persist, or else what is the point of completion. And this  aspect is an immense barrier towards the 100 score due to its interference with the paramedic mission, which in itself is an extremely unrealistic mission. But then again on the brighter side, the openended nature of the gameplay is commendable. Wide variety of options available to complete the missions with lot of room for outofthebox thinking. Considering everything, I would give 5050 rating.TIP If you complete the various types of sidemissions, then some of the most difficult missions will not appear as impossible they can otherwise seem, in fact some of them will become a walk in the park.TIP2 In some missions you will have to think outofthebox and not try too hard.Graphics  Revolutionary 3D graphics for 2001. Human figures look a bit weird, but the cars, buildings, city architecture, etc. are very nicely done for its time.Performance  Good grade toaster can effortlessly run it. Modern systems might cause some trouble like stuttering or freezing.Entertainment  One of the most entertaining games you will ever play. Set the tone for GTA to become entertainment king of gaming. Whacky humor, crazy events, ridiculous ways to complete missions, a nice plot, colorful characters, pretty much everything you can want from a game.Plot  Very entertaining plot.Replay value  Quite high. The game being extremely difficult and at the same time very large, replaying can give you lot of fresh enjoyment and satisfaction which you might not be able to derive on your very first playthrough.Immersion  It cant be called immersive in its truest sense as it is not a real RPG, and nor can you customize your character in any way. Nevertheless there still is a sense of immersion quite deep due to the sandbox gameplay and the setting of a modern metropolis.Overall a superb game with the dated graphics being its only drawback. Mods are available to improve on that account. Although caution should be exercised about using mods in case you want to hit the 100 completion mark. Mods and cheats are known to be interfering with that.Reposted from my site 