One of the first PC/Console cross platform games that I can remember and Ill be honest... it was great to finally getting around to actually playing it.I never had a PS2 as a child, or an amazing PC to play and experience GTA III when it was first released over 10 years ago. Instead like the pauper child I was, I had to go around a friends house and play the game. You might be surprised to find out that when I say Play I actually mean mess about, such as the innocence of youth.So visiting the game 10 years later, as an older, wiser, sillier man with the hindsight of GTA IVs version of Liberty City has been a great experience. Theres actually a really good story within GTA III, something that I never appreciated or cared for back when playing at a friends house all I wanted to do was steal cars and shoot people. The story that is complimented well by some pretty fun missions and voice acting with one voice stealing the show  there arent many games out there with Japanese American Accents with a strong double lisp.In general GTA III has aged well, which I dont always find from those first wave of 3D games 2000ish. The soundtrack has held up well, and its nice to visit the early days of Lazlow on Chatterbox, and Im sure some of the stations have even been remastered .Graphically the game looks pretty solid even if I did have a few issues, but I think that was more my fault than the games I had installed the Xbox Mod. There is a generally known issue with the Steam gtaIII.exe file which can be resolved with an easy to install TXD file on the official forums and Steam forums itll fix the dark coloured cars.The one criticism I might have would be an improvement to the camera controls, but I can forgive the lack of control and the frustration that can sometimes be caused. This issue really comes to head during the gun battles, which at times can be awkward to aim due to a general lack of free aim mode.GTA III might not be as vast or as epic as GTA V, but it captures the reality and craziness that I suspect GTA IV was attempting to offer. The blend of comedy within the serious tones and themes works well, most of which coming across in the now trademark radio stations, but also within Liberty City.There are a ton of easy to miss signs and shops that hold double meaning and spoof popular icons and culture most of which still relevant today. So while there arent any real random encounters in GTA III, its still worthwhile exploring Liberty City as the Sandbox Nature can still reward you with a few laughs due to adlib citizen remarks, billboards, shops, and funky AI.In short...GTA III is a blast from the past thats still well worth checking out, especially if its cheap during on the Steam Sales. As long as you realise this game is over 10 years old, and can appreciate the early attempts of a sandbox game I think youll enjoy it. If nothing else its nice to see the genesis of what we know as modern GTA.Check the Steam Forums/Rockstar Forums for the fix for the Steam version before you play, and enjoy.