GTA III, a game created by Rockstar North Edinburgh, Scotland, which was released in October 2001 for the PS2, and later ported to PC in May 2002.Now, i am sure that everybody are familiar with concept of GTA games, so i will cut to the chase.It was the first game in the series to use a 3D engine. The game itself was based in a fictional place called Liberty City, which supposedly resembles New York. Thanks to the engine, the city is dynamic, having a 24 hour day cycle and weather changes.During the game you will be playing as Claude, a mute protagonist. You get betrayed during a bank robbery by your girlfriend, which ends up with you getting caught by the cops. You escape and you seek out revenge.At first you will be working for the Mafia, helping them out with a rival family and the Triads. Then, after them betraying you, you start working for the Yakuza Japanese. Eventually, you do get revenge on your girlfriend, who is a member of the Colombian Cartel. But to do that, you trigger a war between the Yakuza and Cartel.By the end of the game, 5 out of 7 gangs total, will be hostile towards you  attacking you on sight. This can become extremely annoying, considering that some gangs have shotguns which can blow up your car in 2 shots. For comparison, by the end of the game in GTA Vice City, you had only 1 gang that would be hostile towards you, and while in GTA San Andreas, you could completely wipe off all other gangs.I also feel that Rockstar didnt care much about the story, cause in this game your protagonist pretty much backstubs everyone to get his revenge, which is why so many gangs will be against you.Unlike other GTAs, majority of the game involves using carsIn all honesty, there been like  5 missions that involve genuine shootouts, and i sort of understand why.All GTA 3 era games were harsh, but the thing that set GTA 3 apart from the others, was that you werent able to crouch. In other GTAs starting with Vice City, you could crouch behind any cover. Most objects would fully cover your buddy when crouched, and when you start shooting, your character will rise a bit above his cover.The other thing that this game is missing, is a map. Only the minimap is present, but you can never view the whole map. The city is broken down into 3 islands, and each time you reach a new one, the game will show you the icons for PaynSpray, Ammunation, but only for the first few missions, then they are gone. So if you are gonna play it, you better memorize the necessary locations.Also, you cant shoot tires or break windows of a car. You cant even damage a car with a baseball bat. These features started appearing in Vice City.It is fairly low on content compared to other GTAs.There are no motorcycles or flyable vehicles.Amounts of songs in the radio  8 radio channels, each having about 6 songs on average. Compared to say Vice City, which would have 15 songs per channel, thats pretty low. Also, majority of the music isnt very popular. In fact, if you start searching for most of them, you will only see them under GTA 3 logos. Not that they were bad or anything, but clearly it shows that they had budget problems.Also, unlike other GTAs, there is only 1 weapon per tier.The PC port itself is quite bad. Mouse issues. FPS limited to 30 fps.I suggest using SilentPatch. It fixes most of these issues, but unfortunately, if you die or get caught by the police, the game will crush. I hope you all do remember that during the GTA 3 era, we didnt have quick saves and only way to save was to go to the hideout.Well, if you are interested in the story, then you may buy it, cause all GTA 3 era games are connected. Chronologically, plot wise, the games are set this way1986  Vice City1992  San Andreas2001  GTA IIIOr in case you wanted to see how much the series has evolved like me, then you can get it as well. This game has quite an impressive lift bridge.Or maybe you would prefer to play it in top down view? This is the last GTA that allowed you to set your camera view to top down.