The first thing you should know about GTA III is that it didnt age as well as other games, the later games are more polished duh gameplay and storywise.However as someone who hasent played this game way back when, its still really good.The Silent Patch for GTA III is needed to run on windows 10 to prevent alot of crashing, it also fixes many bugs and includes features originally not in the PC version. Native Widescreen support is poor, and skews your crosshair, but the widesreen patch fixes these issues. Remember to leave the frame limiter ON, it caps your game at 30 fps but its needed to not break the physics and prevent other bugs. Disable Trails if the motionblur is too much for you as well.The combat system is alright, armor, cover, and shooting first is a MUST to win firefights as the game gets pretty difficult, especially if you screw up. Remember to save often as well. However its the atmosphere that really caputred me, from the inhousemusic on the radio stations taht are surprisingly good, to driving around Liberty City, getting shot at by gangs that have a pricetag on your head. Its a city torn apart by crimeone mission has the city in a blownout turf war by two gangs, but that wont stop you from getting revenge.The story isnt as complex and well thoughtout as other games, but  the setup is really awesome, and there are great moments through out the story.You are a criminal named Claude last name may or may not be Speed who was just betrayed by your girlfriend, and left for dead during a bank robbery. When you were being transferd to prison, the prison van was intervented by the Columbian Cartel, who then blew up the bridge you were on after kidnapping a certain inmate who is important later in the story. There were only two survivors of the explosion, you and a fellow inmate nicknamed 8Ball. You become hired muscle for almost all the gangs in Liberty City, you rob, kill, and run what were supposed to be simple errands gone horribly, horribly wrong to get revenge on your ex. The story is surpisingly intresting if not more basic than say GTA IV or V.Definatly worth a sale purchese, if not the full 10TLDR Game is good, but not as polished as GTA V. Get The Silent Patch and Widescreen Patch for ALL 3D ERA GTA Games to prevent crashing and improve conmpatibility.