I absolutely adore this game, it is my most favourite game of all time. Ignore the amount of time on my Steam counter as I probably have between 7001300hours in this game. For the past 4 years I have played this on Android, PS2,PC and Xbox. On PC I used to have this pirated but as the R bundle is only 80 cent on HumbleBundle, I bought this.I remember always wanting to play GTA as a child, so 11 year old me got a GTA Advance ROM and emulated that on a GBA emulator. Of course, that didnt satisfy my open world 3D sandbox needs. Like anyone else I had a phone and I saw four GTA games to choose between. I chose Grand Theft Auto III because I thought Vice City and San Andreas were spin offs and III was the main game.However, being 11 years old bought its problems and even if I wasnt, I didnt have a payment method. So I pirated GTA III, and enjoyed the hell out of the game.Of course a couple years later I bought GTA III on Android, and actually bothered to complete it this time. But lets get back to 11 year old me. I absolutely adored GTA III, its open world enviorment, its map, story, characters. I loved it. This was all on a small screen with touch controls though and of course I eventually heard of the Dodo and Ghost Town etc. I wanted to be successful at flying the dodo and my goal was to see Ghost Town in its 2001 polygonal glory. I knew a friend who had GTA III on the PS2. The same year I bought a PS2 with Shadow The Hedgehog which for some reason I actually enjoyed at the time but that game didnt matter once I had my sights on GTA III. So we did a trade. He got the hedgehog game and I got sandbox driving 2001 simulator. I flew the Dodo and saw the easter eggs on the minimap but still had no success with Ghost Town. Something unfortunate prevented me.I lost the disc.I used to hide the disc under my matress because as I was 11 I wasnt allowed such violent games. One day I looked and it wasnt there. I still wonder where it has gone to this day. Fast foward a couple months to the point were in 2015 and I buy a PC. Its a small compact office PC but of course in this era you can run DOOM on a printer so why not run GTA III on this. I had no internet at the time and used mobile data so I downloaded a cracked version of GTA III for PC off Tescos Wifi yes, tesco along with a beta for Sonic Xtreme which only just surfaced around the time. I got home, installed GTA III and my journey to PC gaming started there. I got into modding GTA III. I downloaded the Liberty Unleashed mod which enabled multiplayer and of course made friends there. One of which flew me to Ghost Town. I played Liberty Unleashed for nearly 2 years. I ended up getting distracted from single player. All this time and I still hadnt completed GTA IIIs campaign. So in late 2016 I bought the Android version off the Play Store this time with a payment method, tesco got Play Store cards in stock and youre damn right if you guessed that I completed the game this time.Its now May 23rd, 2017.161919AM.I finished the first mission of GTA III, Luigis Girls on my Playstation 4.In February of that year, I was able to use my PS4 as I got a monitor which accepted HDMI inputs, the PS4 which I bought in August or September of 2016. This was around the time I started not playing GTA III as much due to GTA V consuming me. I was obsessed with the game. But that didnt stop me completing GTA III a second time.On May 28th, 2017 at 194049PM I completed the last mission of GTA III on my PS4. The next goal was platinum.But that story is for another day.