Another game that I am a more than a decade late playing...Grand Theft Auto 3 was released in mid 2002 and is actually the fifth game in the GTA series, however this game was the one which changed the franchise into the series we know today.The game is set in the fictional city of Liberty City, which is actually loosely based on New York City. You play the role of a bank robber named Claude, and you become entrapped in a world of gangsters and corruption very quickly.  This was the first GTA game to change from the topdown view of the previous titles and move to a third person view  which combined the a new thirdperson and driving experience in a new game engine.In GTA III we have the main story line, in which you can pick and choose which missions to complete for certain characters. Many of the missions are not mandatoy to move the story forward however. You can carry out smaller side activities such as being a taxi for the night, or hijacking an ambulance resucing people and dropping them off at the hospital.The graphics are dated but it is over ten years old, what were you expecting? You can get graphically enhancing community made mods to increase the fidelity a bit too. I personally really like these dated looking graphics.GTA III will challenge you at points more so that you will probably end up dying quite a bit. Some missions require a lot of shooting and evading police, while others involve a little bit of parkour and trying not to just kill yourself in a stupid manner. The respawn system is very good in GTA though you loose all your weapons as well as having to pay a fee for the hospital having to patch you up.As you can see, I have over a hundred hours in GTA III, this is through having multiple playthroughs, as well as completing the game 100 on a number of occasions however this past week I did a full playthrough of the story and a couple of the side activities and this took me almost twelve hours to complete. There is a ton more content to play in that playthrough too, so you can easily get about fifteen plus hours out of one playthrough of GTA III if you desire.Oddly enough I had no real game breaking technical issues with GTA III, the only one I did find is it is not recommended to play this game with more than one monitor activated at a time, as your mouse will sometimes wander out of the game window and you will end up minimizing your game all the time. To be honest though just the one issue on a ten year old game is pretty good going if you ask me.In conclusion, GTA III is a land mark in gaming history it is the game which revolutionized the GTA series, sparked media controversy, and most of all, gave us one of the best games in history. Most will have already completed this game however if you havent  I strongly advise you dust your copy off and give it a weekend of your time to play.Toms Score Card1 Stay away2 Only recommended when on sale3 Recommended4 Highly recommendedIf you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over at