Grand Theft Auto III is my favorite game of all time. It is so fun without mods, the story is amazing and the characters are great too. You are in Liberty City Based on New York and you work for many gangs and even the police. You start off getting betrayed by Catalina exgirlfriend,  and are left for dead. You and some others are in a police convoy and soon are stopped. You are stopped by a gang the gang your exgirlfriend is apart of and they take an old man who comes into play later.When they were going towards the cop car, they dropped a bomb on the bridge. You and a man named 8ball take down the police and soon the explosion happens. You are left with a car and you drive to a safehouse. You change clothes and go to a man named Luigi. Luigi is a pimp and ask you to do very simple task. The first is to pick up a girl named Misty. You bring her back and you are then asked to kill a man with a bat, take his car and give it to Luigi. Then you do some simple driving task and kill some pimps. You meet Joey and you do task against the Forellis. You also help out a man named Toni, steal a van and do a bank robbery. Tony makes you help him with his beef with the Triads. The triads start to attack on sight now and you do your best to destroy there busniess and kill important people in their gang. You soon meet the Don. Salvatore asked you to do some task with his wife Maria. She grows a liking to Claude. Salavatore has you destroy some Colombians Catalinas Gang. You also kill a snitch who feeds them information and soon Maria tells Salvatore about an affair of her and Claude. They try to kill you but you escape on a boat into the second part of the game. You now work for the Yakuza. They ask you to deal with the mafia by killing people out to kill Claude and murder Salvatore. Soon you get to meet Ray, a cop, who also introduces you to Donald Love. Ray ask you to murder his expartner and to help out Phil Cassidy a character in Vice City and Vice City Stories. Ray at some point leaves Liberty City and leaves you weapons and a bulletproof Patriot. You are introduced to Donald by Ray. Donald Love has you murder Kenji Asukas Brother to help prices in real estate. He also has you do task to get a package and help the Old man that was taken in the beginning of the game. At some point Donald leaves with no notice. During one of Donalds missions you encounter Catalina. She is with Miguel part of the beginning heist and she betrays him, soon Asuka intergrates him thinking he killed her brother. Asuka gives Claude missions to try and destroy the Cartel. On the last mission Asuka gives you she ask you to destory a plane and when you go back, you find her dead and a note that ask you ti bring a ransom to get back Maria. You bring the ransom and they try to kill you. You shoot down a chopper and save Maria after killing the Cartel members. The game is now finished. Mods can make this game live longer like updating graphics, adding more missions and whole new storylines. 