I must emphasise that this review of Grand Theft Auto III is from a 2014 perspective, and it should be noted that my opinion in 2001 was remarkably different. If I consider how I felt when I first picked up the game when it was released, it was a total breath of fresh air to the gaming market and redefined the much taken for granted sandbox genre. Graphically impressive with a fluid control system, the gaming world seemed huge with endless activities to do and a thrilling narrative populated by great characters. Although some of these aspects still remain true, I would honestly suggest remaining with fond memories of this game as opposed to trying to relive its glory, as out of the three PS2 GTA games III, Vice City and SA it has aged extremely badly by far the worst and is only just about playable.The main issues are the controls and the targeting system. Much like other gamers, I am accustomed to using a controller for the GTA series. Although it can be difficult, it is possible to get your PS3/Xbox controller to work in sync with this game, however the thought of having to map the controls or download specific programmes yourself may put gamers off from the offset. If you get past this hurdle, youll notice that targeting in the game is extremely difficult. There is not an autolock target option, which is highly inconvenient and makes missions that involved killing enemies who can target you very easily frustrating. Aiming with rifles is obviously manual, but to point a tiny aim reticule using the right analogue stick/mouse at a cartel enemy gunning you down from 5 yards is nearly impossible, meaning that you have to take out most enemies from range using the sniper rifle or grenades/rocket launcher. When the action is so fast paced and often in close proximity to the protagonist, its very easy to fail a mission because you couldnt kill an enemy at point blank range.Although it is not apparent at first, the lack of a map is also a frustration. You do have a minimap, but if you want a more global view of where you need to be, or where the closest ammunition store is, it really is a case of drive around and hope. During several missions, the enemy/location markers span all three islands and it can be confusing where to go, or at least, where the quickest route is as many missions are timed, if you cannot get a global map view. If this happens during several missions, you will quickly get fed up with the experience and quit prematurely.The graphics are still acceptable, especially since we consider that this game was released over a decade ago. The main aspect of the game that is never lost is the humour and pop culture satire, which may make the game playing in itself. The radio stations in particular are still hilarious to listen to, Chatterbox and the commercials specifically. If you can get the game cheap enough on a sale, perhaps just reliving some of Lazlos best lines would be enough to justify the purchase.The gaming world compared with any game in the last five years is tiny. It should be noted however that I thought this was a huge game in scope when it was released, however the whole main storyline can be completed relatively swiftly, barring any mission fails based on the bad targeting/map system. The three main islands can be driven across in the matter of minutes, yet on a positive note the vehicles still seem varied enough to make the process fresh and enjoyable. However, it does of course seem limited in comparison to its sequels. Furthermore, vechiles that we may consider certainties in Vice City and SA such as bikes, flyable planes the Dodo does not count and fast boats are void here, and the lack of a mission replay option that was so well received in later instalments is obviously nonexistent in GTA III.It is very difficult to click the do not recommend option for this game as it offers so many good memories combined with great humour, however it is better to remember this game how it was. Other than for a quick nostalgia trip, the gameplay missions are tiresome since they have been done and done better since the newer instalments of GTA, so many of them have been done a hundred times before. That, combined with difficult controls and no larger map, means that this game has sadly not stood the test of time. It is important to remember of course that GTA III redefined these sorts of missions and gameplay style and should be celebrated as a landmark game, however Im not sure if playing this game start to finish will give gamers much joy.Thanks for reading this review and all comments are welcome. Please feel free to read any of my other reviews by clicking my profile.