The game starts you off as a silent criminal who just got free from a prisoner transport and looks for work. Eventually, a mob guy named Luigi helps you out and you work your way up. I wont get into the rest because I know most people have played it. I mean, its even on phones. The story, though simple, is great.The missions are a blast, some are super short driving tasks, others are all out adventures. None of them are too long and are great for killing time if you got 3045 minutes to spare.Some of the best moments are when youre simply trying to end a mission, but manage to get stuck with 4 stars on your wanted level. Cant end the job? Well, killing off cops and raming through their forces in hopes to lose them or hide is incredibly fun. Thrilling I would go as far as to say.With the exception of the horrible looking people, this game actually doesnt look too bad. Even though it came out in the early 2000s.The controls could be better, as could gamepad support, but some tweaking fixes it.As for the soundtrack, it could be better. Vice City has a better one, and Im saying that as someone that doesnt really like 80s music.As for how this game runs, oh god, if youre on Windows 8... It is hell.Windows 8/8.1 users beware The game will crash, with only about a 2 out of 10 chance of making it past the R logo. Because the W8 developers had this wonderful idea of out with the old, in with the new games that were made from this era tend to not work. It could be worse, I mean at least it occasionally runs. But seriously microsoft, Windows 10 better run this game, or Im buying the classics version on PS3. I already supported Rockstar and Valve by buying it here, and Im going to support Sony next. But not you, MS. Fix windows and let me play my damn game. Its not like Im buying this on Xbox, so if that was your plan with making Windows 8 without 16/32bit program support, you guys are pretty freaking stupid. Hell, this game even runs on Mac and iPhones!Buy this game if youre not using Windows 8. Its one hell of a good time. 