This game blew me away back when it was new, only because it was 3D. It was cool seeing the world in a new 3D perspective rather than a topdown 2D view. But my recent playthrough of this game made me realize that this game suffers from quite a few problems that makes the game almost unplayable past the 2nd half. The first thing you will notice is that you do not have a map. You actually have to look up a map on the internet if you need it. All you have to help you navigate is your minimap. Which would be fine, but nothing useful is marked on it Like the gunstore and pay n spray. So with no overhead map, or markers on your minimap Your safehouse and missions are marked. Navigating the city can be difficult, especially to new players. There is no GPS or anything else to help you here. All you can do is memorize your way around the old fashioned way.Another issue is the AI. The enemy AI in this game is very unfair, especially on the later missions. You can be driving around minding your own business or on a mission. Then enemy gangs instantly open fire on you regardless of what car youre driving or if youre on a mission. How do they know where I am at all times and what car Im in? I just stole a new car and they instantly know its me. They dont even have to be facing you, you just see their arms lock onto you and start shooting. That means your car will always take damage even if you dont crash into things. They start to carry more heavy weaponary later game, so expect some cheap deaths while drivingLets talk about the vehicles. They dont feel like metal cars, they feel like some paper mache creation my little brother made in 3rd grade. The cars are not durable. The cars in GTA and GTAII felt more solid than this. If you cant keep yourself on the road and not hit traffic And not get shot at all the time then you are going to have a huge problem keeping your vehicle, especially if its a sports car. They handle okay for the most part, although some of the vehicles feel like youre driving on ice.The weapons in this game are cool, but theres 1 gun in particular that made me almost throw my controller through my wall. Its the Carbine Rifle M16 While this gun is probably the best in the game, it will be your death on the 2nd half of the game. Remember the unfair AI? Well, imagine several of them gunning down your little paper mache car with M16s while youre trying to beat a mission. Its a nightmare. The M16 shoots very fast. I was able to blow up a fully repaired sports car with only 16 bullets from the 60 round magazine. You can also be killed by about half a clip of ammo from it with full armor and health. Sometimes you cant even react fast enough. You just drop dead and have to reload your save. Theres a reason why they changed this gun in the later games, because its unbalanced and broken.The missions can be very difficult at times. Especially the later ones. Most of the missions have either a time limit or a waypoint you have to travel to. SInce you have no map, its hard to plot the best route to save time. Often times, youll turn down a wrong turn or a alley with no exit costing you precious time. This game is not generous on mission time either. You cant mess around. You have to be quick to do what it wants. The missions on the first half of the game are not bad. A couple might be a little hard, but for the most part its okay. But as soon as you start to work for Donald Love, thats when thestarts to hit the fan.... And it stinks. I think his missions were the hardest in the game. His and Asukas. ShuddersThe soundtrack is also unimpressive. GTA is known for having pretty good soundtracks. When I first played this game, I didnt even know that the songs ingame were actually real. I thought they were just made for the game, if that can tell you anything.I think the metascore of 93/100 Higher than GTA IV which got a score of 90 is a little too generous. Id give it a 6/10.If youre new to GTA and wanna start with the older ones, I do not recommend you start with this one. I recommend you start with either Vice City, or San Andreas. Both are excellent games. And guess what! The main character actually talks in those games. Wow!Although if you do actually decide to play this one, dont be afraid of using the cheat codes for those unfair later missions. Flip those unfair AI the bird with a rocket launcher. 