I remember playing GTA 2 on my Playstation and thinking If only this game was in 3D, it would be perfect. Soon enough Rockstar North then known as DMA Design delivered. It was truly revolutional, one that put open world genre to the map. Interesting dialogs and story that was inspired by many gangster movies and characters voiced by actors such as Joe Pantoliano and Michael Madsen surely left an impact in the gaming industry.Game was phenomenal when I played it for the first time, and didnt lose its charm when replaying it many years later. You can blindly follow missions and slowly unravel story or you can choose to do one of many side activities that are present. Driving taxi, chasing criminals in police car, save wounded as paramedic or putting out fires are all an option. If you feel like discovering every corner of the Liberty City loosely based on New York City  there are 100 hidden packages to find. Want to unleash some anger  find rampage tokens and try to kill certain number of people for a given time. You like cars and driving  you can search the city for a rare models and big payoff in the end when you collect all of them. While doing that you wont be bored, radio stations with 3.5 hours of material are there to make sure of that. Choosing between big music hits and talk radio stations will often be a hard decision. Dark humor is omnipresent and is surely one of the series trademarks.City is pretty small compared to ones in future instalments, but at the time it was more than enough. There is no map except minimap and learning shortest route to some locations will be a must for certain missions. I always liked this aspect no pausing all the time and carefully planning every turn. You play as silent protagonist and throughout game will encounter Italian Mafia, Yakuza and Colombian Cartel. Add to the mix corrupt police detective and weird multibillionaire businessman and you have a full package. GTA 3 deservedly received many game of the year awards and started a trend which its sequels will continue. 