Ah, GTA III.It took me a while to discover this game. Sure I had seen it at the store and had even picked up the game to look at the artwork and screenshots but for some reason I never bought it. That is until a coworker of mine, at the time, did a story on violence in video games. I worked at a TV News station at the time and the story was definately NOT pro game or pro GTA. After watching someone bring in their PS2 and played a bit so they could record some footage I was hooked and went and bought the game.GTA III is a sandbox game and very nonlinear. Actually if you want to visit the rest of the areas in the game you do have to complete the threshold of missions to unlock those parts of the game but you can take your time and do other things in the mean time.Today the graphics look a bit dated but back in its day the game was pretty cutting edge. The controls were pretty easy to pick up though aiming the weapons needed some help. Driving the cars which is the gist of the game is straight forward too and all the cars have different capabilities. A sports car drives like a sports car while a truck drives like a truck.The game has plenty of controversies to be sure. One of them is the ability to pick up s to heal you. After you are done with your tryst you can, though are not required to, kill the  to get your money back. Critics lambast the game for the ability to do this but realistically the game presents you with a moral choice and its up to you to do, or not do, bad things in the game.I do enjoy this game though its harder for me to play it now then it was over 10 years ago. I tend to be the player who only wants to unlock stuff to explore and when I do I get bored with the missions. I guess in reality, I never did finish the game. I unlocked the last island and did a number of quests but I spent most of my time driving around in cool sports cars and exploring the game world.This was a defining game and because of that it should be checked out. I have fond memories of my time spent in Liberty City. 