SPOILERS BELOW DONT READ THIS IF YOU HAVENT PLAYED THE GAME YETGTA III is a really fun game, but I think theres a common misconception with the GTA series that Id like to write about. This misconception is In GTA you can do whatever you want. Any fan of the GTA series will tell you that there really isnt that much to do in GTA, because its meant to be an arcade styled open world driving game. And this is pretty obvious in GTA III, the main character doesnt speak, which honestly... Ive come to really prefer over some of the other characters in this series. GTA III didnt try to be this game where the map was meant to be explored. But it did reach out for things like an open world, and a story. I love this game because of the driving, and the fast paced missions, but I wont sit here and act like this game excels in anything other than the driving. The setting is pretty dull, and uninspired. The map was just really lifeless, and the radio station didnt help that at all. I ing hated the radio station to death, except for lazlos station which made me laugh uncontrollably. The story was absolutely flimsy as is the case in most GTA games.1 two timed by your crew in a bank robbery2 broken out of prison3 in a city with no money but with a partner 8ballwho hooks you up with a connection to the mafia it always seems to be the maifa4 You work your way up in the mafia, and then they betray you, I forget why though.. Alot of betrayal in GTA.5 meet another gang in an unlocked part of the map game basically restarts at this point6 work your way up in that gang7 You do jobs for a bunch of shady people8 These shady people set up a gang war between your original crew who two timed you, and the crew you are two timing now.9 You do all the missions10  Uhp, random girl is kidnapped.. I oughta go save her from my arch nemesis. I really had no idea Claude cared for revenge or justice until this point11 You end up killing all of the s in the game12 game pretty much ends, except for the  pay phone missionsThis game is a 7/10 in my opinion