I could write just one word here and call it a day REVOLUTIONARY.This game had mediocre graphics, iffy physics, uninspired storyline and it ran badly even on some powerful PCs. It was undeniably rushed, with a plethora of bugs popping up left and right. They didnt even bother to put a roof on most of the buildings, assuming no one will see it they were wrong... These are actual complaints frequently repeated back in the day.And yet, this game has redefined the term sandbox into what we know it as today. It didnt excel at any aspect... but it just made a darn good use of all what it had. It really felt like the most complete and realistic simulation of a gangster yet. Wreaking havoc has never been so satisfying before.At the time, the possibilities appeared endless. The city seemed huge beyond imagination, I could spend hours just driving around listening to the radio. Theres nothing you couldnt do  you could have multiple apartments, save cars in a garage, fly a plane, drive a boat, annihilate surroundings with a tank, work as a cab driver, paramedic, firefighter or even a cop !. Not to mention the map was filled up to the brim with collectibles and other minor secrets.Many people despised the dull and grim looks of the Liberty City. To me, it is fitting. Unlike many of the sequels, in this entry the city is dark and often shrouded in fog. This really makes for an distinctive atmosphere.Even though the graphics as a whole failed to impress, there were so many little quirks it really caught your attention. You could rip out car panels. Doors could open on impact which would then flap around as you drove in the corners, and the protagonist would attempt to close them. Cars could spawn in several variants, for example as a cabriolet or hardtop. You could dismember pedestrians  a feature that was removed from the subsequent games. There were leaves and old newspapers floating around. Rockstar has also implemented a day and night cycle and various weather conditions, making the virtual world ever so immersive.The soundtrack is superb, its definitely one of the things that made GTAIII so special. I love the fact that the radio stations were composed mostly from music produced specifically for this game. Its really a shame that Rockstar has dropped this approach in the newer games aside from Liberty City Stories, which also featured a truly unique and memorable soundtrack.As with any GTA, this game doesnt take itself very seriously. The humour is spot on. I especially love the chat radio stations, they always end up talking about such nonsense crap it keeps me in stitches.If I had to pick one thing about this game that has aged the worst, itd definitely be the plot and missions. The main storyline is just a typical betrayed man who seeks revenge scenario with little to no unexpected plottwists. The missions mostly revolve around transporting the item/person, collecting items, killing someone, driving from point A to point B... This was perfectly acceptable at the time, but now it feels barren. Even the big finale doesnt really stand out from the rest.Also, the main protagonist is completely silent. While I like that it makes him much more intriguing and mysterious and some say this makes him easier to relate to, I really do feel like this was a wasted opportunity. Take a look at the sequels  characters like Tommy Vercetti, Carl Johnson, etc. are unforgettable. Claude just isnt.Any way you look at it, its a classic, a truly groundbreaking title. For me, this is by far the most nostalgic entry in the series. No other game made a bigger impression on me and none ever will. To be honest though, Vice City improved on pretty much every aspect and if youve never played III before, I doubt youd enjoy it today. But if you can stomach it not being as good as Vice City, its definitely recommended.