After getting this painintheof a game to start, thepain didnt stop.The resolution wasand alt tabbing out of the game took forever.I fixed it, along with the silent patch and some other gameplay fixing mods.Now thepain can stop. For a while.The storyA mute guy named Claude gets shot by his girlfriend, Catalina while robbing a bank. Hes arrested but breaks out with his boy 8Ball. Claude works up the ranks trying to make money and find Catilina. He works for the Mafia, the Japanese, an undercover agent and a business man. He eventually finds Catilina and shoots her down out of her helicopter and Claude walks off with his new girl, Maria.The gameplaySome clunky driving. Horrible driver AI since they crash into you constantly because they switch lanes with no warning.Bad Shooting. The gameplay is heavily outdated. Most missions suffer because of this. Its either the driving or the Cartel mows you down with their M16 that will kill you in a literal second. More on this later.The graphics and cinematicsThe graphics in GTA 3 are meh. The game is 15 years old holy so the graphics arent going to be that great. Even though, the game still looks good. If you get the resolution fix mod, the game looks less pixeled and you can experience the game PS2 style. The cinematics and cutscenes are alright. Although it feels really awkward when Claude walks into this guys house, he tells Claude what to do, and Claude just nods his head after doing so. Claude has no real interaction with characters, which makes them feel flat. Only in missions where two other characters interact, is where the dialogue writing shines.SoundtrackMost of it was awful to me. Im the type of guy that can listen to mostly anything, so thats a lot. I liked Game FM and Flashback. The Jamaican and classical music didnt fit the environment and got annoying. Even on stations, I liked, there were only 6 or so songs. So youre constantly hearing that one song that goes Were gon give this all that we gooooooot, keep on risin to the top! and it gets really annoying. Most of the time I actually just listen to Lazlow talk about stupidThe missions from hellThe last about 1015 missions are so ball burstingly hard, I almost skipped this game and went to Vice City.Donald Loves Missions  LiberatorSave some old dude from Cartel. Sounds easy until they tear you apart with M16s while shouting you want the chainsaw, gringo!?Donalds Mission  WakaGashira WipeoutKill Kenji, a leader of the Yakuza gang also the guy you worked for to start a gang war between Yakuza and cartel. You cant leave your car since its a cartel car and your identity will be revealed if you leave so if the car is on fire, its over. They shoot at your car with M16s which will destroy it in seconds, while you must drive by ONE GUY and if you fail to hit him, its over.Donalds Mission  A Drop in the Ocean.Pick up some packages that a plane drops, while each package gives you one star. There are 6 packages. The boat controls are clunky and the water feels really weird. And when youre driving to the paint n spray THAT ISNT MARKED ON THE MAP youre getting rammed with FBI cars and SWAT trucks.Donalds Mission  Grand Theft AeroGuess what, that last mission didnt matter. It was just a decoy, lol.  Drive to another island youve never been before, then drive back to the other island and kill Cartel members armed with M16 that will kill you damn near instantly. Theyre hiding around tight corners and theaiming doesnt help.The rest of Donalds mission isnt bad, the Akuzas are.Akuzas mission  BaitYou drive around the new island, leading Cartel death squads to a Yakuza hid out so theyre killed. Yeah, except the Yakuza are garbage and you have to kill them yourself at the death squad, or else they get away.Akuzas mission  Espresso 2 Go!One of the hardest in the series, trust me Ive played them all.You drive around THE WHOLE MAP in 7 minutes. AND THERE IS NO FULL MAP ONLY A MINI MAP AND YOU HAVE TO DRIVE AROUND BEFORE DYSTORYING THE COFFEE STANDS BECAUSE THEN THE MARKERS DONT SHOW UP  THIS MISSION!Akuzas Mission  S.A.MAnother one of the hardest in the series. You blow up a plane mid air in a boat. You have to STOP the boat. And aim your rocket launcher, if it misses, try again. Or you could cheat in a tank and blow the cartel and police to Kingdom  and get it over with.But what theres more!There are some nice side missions in GTA 3 that are nice. Hidden Packages that give you weapon pickups outside your safehouse per 10 collected out of 100. The map is small and easy so its now that bad.Firefighter Side mission  Put out fires. Once you do enough a Flamethrower spawns at your hideout. Not bad.Paramedic side mission  Pick people up and drive them to the hospital in a time limit, and you cant crash. If you start the mission while the Mafia hates you, good ing luck since now they got shotguns that blow you to kingdom .Vigilante side mission  kill criminals. Kinda hard, but once you got the tank its easy as pie.