GTA 3, when released in 2001, changed the entire gaming landscape. Around 1999, shortly after the release of the topdown GTA 2, Rockstar decided to cash into the trend of 3D gaming, and started development of GTA 3. What was once a cheesy, cartooney 3D city evolved into the living monolith the 3D Rendition of Liberty Ciy was. Taking place in 2001, while robbing a bank, an unnamed thug known as Fido in game is fatally shot by his girlfriend, Catalina. This man goes through various friends, enemies and betrayals to get to his goal of killing his girlfriend at a dam in a dramatic final mission. Liberty City is a giant. Consisting of three large islands and a huge green inaccessable countryside, Liberty City is stunning visually. The game has a decent array of weapons, with some of these weapons being an overpowered shotgun and Carbine Rifle, a sniper rifle, an undersized AK47 and a well rounded Micro Uzi. With these weapons come mechanics. Though GTA 3 has generally solid mechanics, it does have setbacks, like inaccurate auto targeting Classic Control Method and the inability to crouch. Driving mechanics are quite good, with a big heavy army truck being hard to spin out following a fender crash, and a Viper based sports car spinning two 360s as the result of such collision. GTA 3s radio selection, while not nearly as good as the one in Vice City, is still decent. I was often listening to Head Radio, Double Clef, KJah or Flashback FM. If you loathe the entire games soundtrack, this PC version supports custom radio stations, which can be accomplished by dragging your mp3s in the folder of the same name in the game directory. Additional PC features include choosable skins for the player, and full aiming with any weapon, something the PS2 version of the game did not support. There is alot more content and easter eggs in this amazing game that will keep you busy. Though you will find more fun in Vice City, that is not putting down GTA 3 at all. Even if you do get bored of the main game, the PC versions of both games support major mods, like the RealGTA mod for GTA III. No matter which way, GTA 3 is worth the wait and the money. 