I have had this game in my library for quite a while before I finished it. I dont know why it took  me so long I just never felt the need to play through the entire campaign. Then as a result of turning towards being a completionist I believed this would be an easy game to complete for the list. Boy was I wrong. Not to say the game is overly difficult like a game such as Dark Souls but there are certain aspects that lurk up on you making the process of any mission you try to do more difficult than it needs to be. For example one of my least favorite missions in the game is a street race on the very first island where you do one loop around the city. Seems easy enough. But no if you do this mission after doing some triad missions the men in blue the triads become hostile and it just so happens the start line for the race is heavily populated by this gang. This doesnt help the fact that almost every car in the game feel like trying to drive a tank at full speed which you can do by the way and it honestly seems the cars are made of paper mache at times as hoods, doors, and trunks come off with ease. Besides these facts I ended up just going to the start line, avoiding the triads of course, and right when it says go I leave my vehicle stare at the huge wreckage the poor street racers have made and enter the words BANGBANGBANG. Immediatley every vehicle on screen explodes. At this moment I am far enough away from everything so I did not get hurt. After this I spawn a tank and complete the race with the now non existent competitors. Things like this can happen very often in missions. Things that will them overly difficult to the point where you just start using cheats through the games just to beat it. After all is said and done I really cant reccomend completing this game as it is not worth while and there is no reward for doing so like other Grand Theft Auto games. I will still reccomend this game but only to those who really enjoy the Grand Theft Auto series and those of course who played it as a kid.Outsiders 6/10Veterans 8.5/10It is still undoubtedly a very revolutionary game for its time but unfortunately has not aged well. 