Despite Grand Theft Auto III being released as the third game of the long running franchise. This game is seperate in both story wise and game play to the first two games. Even if you never played the first two games, you will still be able to play this game as its intended as the start of its own series. With that said, now to talk about the plot, the game opens up in Liberty City, the arm pit of all the shady cities in the world. The city is a cross between New York  Pittsburg. One day a silent robber named Claude attempts a bank heist with his girlfriend named Catalina. They were about to make a run for it, however Catalina betrays Claude and leaves him for dead for the cops. Some time later, Claude is en route to prison, only for the police van to be demobilzed by the demolishing of a blown up bridge. The man responsible for blowing up the bridge is 8Ball a trusted crime partner of Claude. 8Ball helps Claude in a getaway vehicle and heads straight to the nearest safe house. With new clothes and new weapons, Claude is ready to get revenge on the woman who stabbed him in the back. He knows shes some where in Liberty City and the only way to hunt her down is by taking up odd jobs from various people to accomplish his quest. Made by Rockstar Games the makers of the Bully game. Grand Theft Auto 3 was the pioneer in open world environment games back when roaming in open space levels was a novelty for its time. Tons of games since then have mimic this concept including the Saints Row games which took inspiration from this franchise. Because this was an early 2000s game, expect the graphics to be a little polygonic and occasional glitches to be spotted. The concept of choosing which ever missions and exploring to collect items was something that facinated gamers at the time this game was released. The use of changing weather and cars containing hours of radio show dialoge and copyrighted music gave this game an atmosphere to it. Most of the voice actors are prolific screen actors instead of casting just voice over actors. The cast consists of Frank VincentGoodfellas  Raging Bull, Joe PantolianoMemento, Matrix,  Empire of the Sun,  Kyle MacLachlanTwin Peaks, Dune,  Blue Velvet just to name a few. The first two games utilized the top perspective camera mode. In this game its a third person perspective to put the gamers into the the enviroment better. As the game progresses, you will find additional items and weapons to help you out in various missions. The missions have certain rules when activated, but there are plenty of options in how to succeed depending on the situation. With the abundence of pros comes and abundence of cons. The healing items are only collected in certain areas which prooves a problem when shooting down enemies and loosing health at the same time. The fighting mechanics are a little off and its not a recommended approach when fighting enemies with guns and bats. Using guns works best for almost all situations. While you do gain the ability to store more weapons at safe houses, however vehicles are limited to only one car being stored in a garage. And because certain cars can be easily damage, get use to escaping burning vehicles and stealing new cars for replacements. And lastly on the cons is the map, the map system does high light missions, safe houses, and shops but you dont have the option to look at the whole map or place any trackers to get to certain locations. Unless you spend time memorizing the layout of the land, you might find yourself lost when trying to do vehicle based missions. With those flaws aside, this game proved to be fun to play. Challenging at times, but a very rewarding experience when achieveing the missions. Grand Theft Auto 3 helped paved way for later installments of the franchise utilizing the same concept and game play as this title. The game was even inducted into the Museum of Plays Video Game Hall of Fame which is a real honor there. Most young gamers might not see anything spectacular about this game, but it should be noted that it was one of the first open world games of its kind so ignore the clunkiness and play it for what it is. This is an important piece of video game history that die hard gamers should experience. 