Recommended  with caveats.Controls A major hurdle. For a while I was prepared to give in and call the system broken. After working through it, I eventually began to find a work around. I spent most of the game using a 360 controller because, as the title implies, much of the game is spent inside vehicles and the mouse/keyboard vehicle control is dire. However the combat controls are much easier with mouse/keyboard, where you have the option to point directly at a target and move the camera at will. When using a controller, one has to rely on the faulty targetting system which will rarely aim at who you wanted it to and is in general quite clunky. I could also find no option to turn off inverted yaxis aiming for the controller. The upshot of all this was that if I was using a firstperson weapon, I would have to grab the mouse to aim, and if a particularly challenging footbased mission cropped up, I would have to change the control scheme entirely. Workable, but flawed.Gameplay  I thought this game was exceptionally well structured but first I should add that this is not a good sandbox by modern standards. It was probably the archetype for the modern sandbox genre but things have moved on a lot since then. GTA III is just not able to compete with more recent games in terms of scale, scope or variety. This does not mean however that the game cannot be enjoyed on its own terms. One specific example from my experience was my initial frustration with the lack of any kind of overworld map  something that would be unthinkable in any modernday open world game  but this merely led to me developing a more thorough knowledge of the city streets than possibly any other game Ive played. The areas are large enough to become immersed in, but never so large that you feel lost or overwhelmed and each street almost feels like it has its own unique personality of sorts, which aids navigability and adds to the charm of the experience. If it had not been for the quality of the gameplay, I would not have had the patience to stick with the controls that I described in the previous paragraph.Story  Behind a minimalistic missionbased story progression, there is actually quite an intriguing plot going on in the background. Nothing particularly special, but more than I was expecting. On a side note, Im not sure if our protagonist is a soulless mercenary or just a bit dim, but either way he seems more than happy to go along with whatever maniacal schemes his employers hatch for him.Graphics  This is not a pretty game. I dont believe this to be particularly pertinent, but its worth pointing out. The best that can be said for them is that they are functional and I was able to tell what everything was.Sound  Very good. There is no background music in the game besides the intro and credits sequences, but the soundtrack to the game is provided by radio stations which can be accessed while in a vehicle. These cater to a diverse selection of musical tastes, and most players will find at least two favourites which they will keep coming back to. The scripts for the DJs has also been artfully written and its clear a lot of effort went into creating a cohesive aural environment that acts as a reflection of the city you drive in. This applies tenfold to the talk radio station, Chatterbox, which bears several repeat listenings. The sound effects are also of top quality and you can get a feel of the car you have just entered merely by the sound of its engine revving.Overall, I do recommend this game to anyone with the patience to work around a poor control scheme and somewhat archaic design to see the unpolished gem that lies beneath them. I do not think it still deserves the piles of praise that were heaped upon it on its initial release, but equally it is impossible to deny its merits, and the irrepressible charisma with which it flaunts them. 