The story follows the notorious tiger pocher, Angus del Varen. On his adventure to the city Brazzaville, of Congo. On a lone job to catch a beloved local tiger, he is caught by rights groups and is sent to prison. He is bailed out by a mysterious benefactor known only as Jade. She strikes a deal. If he catches 2 female tigers and a rare male albino, his debt is considered repayed. The first poach goes smoothly but he miscalculates the sedative. The tiger escapes his van and runs through the city until it is captured by a woman in a green dress. The benefactor tells him the catch was close enough and the tiger is now in her custody. The next poach starts with a rival gang, the Wet Vipers, in the downtown area sabotaging his gear. After all his gear is defected, Angus is forced to kill the coleader of the Wet Vipers using only a sharpened ivory toy and then abduct the tiger barehanded. Suspecting trouble, Jade sends the girl in the green dress once again. This time they take down the tiger together and she kisses Angus before flying away with the tiger in a helicopter. Angus demands answers from Jade. She declines but the assistant calls his cell phone anyway. They arrange a date. She discloses her name Angel. She knows about his debt and would like to help him capture the albino which is now in captivity. They go back to Angus apartment, filled with supplies and they have sex after planning the next job. The next morning they both gear up and head to the enclosure housing the albino tiger. An elaborate plan to sneak in as a animal caretaker and a vet goes as planned until the Wet Viper leader arrives posing as another vet. A shootout in the tiger enclosure leads to Angel shot in the arm and the Wet Viper leader dead. Viper goons begin entering the captivity and forcing staff out at gunpoint. Angel asks him to take the albino tiger and leave her. He declines, stating that he is in love with her. He picks her up and shoots his way out the back entrance. In a wild car chase they lose the Vipers and police. Angus takes his new love to the hospital where she recovers fully in 4 days. When she is able to leave, Angus admits they cannot be together because he did not capture the 3rd tiger and thus cannot pay his debt to Jade. He walks away and returns home, quickly packing to flee the country. When he arrives to his most recent stolen car, Angel is sitting in the passenger seat. He tells her let him go. She grabs him and kisses him, revealing that she is Jade and that the debt is repayed because he saved her. They flee to Nigeria and start a new life.Also the steam moderator who deleted my last review can eat my 