You run over pedestrians accidentally long enough, you start doing it on purpose.Liberty City. The city where the entire population doesnt knows how to swim, the police force specializes in aerial stunts. and going around stopped vehicles is unheard of. You play as Claude, the mute who might as well be blind. Claude has relationship issues, his girlfriend unexpectedly broke up with him, and Claude is doing what he can to get over it.STORY  ATMOSPHEREThe story isnt something too spectacular. You are a criminal rising up through the ranks, and as your rise up you unveil enemies and get into a bigger mess. However, one thing to mention is the superb voice acting. The voice acting fits the atmosphere of the game very well, even on the radio.. The city feels like a cheap filthy restaurant filled with rodents. Everyone is on their own, or against you. Rats everywhere. Also, the radio stations have a diverse and interesting soundtrack. Varying with Reggae, DnB, 80s classics, Opera, eccentric hipster Rock, and many more. Not to forget the humerous talk show hosted by the beloved Lazlow. However, radio stations get repititive after a while.GAMEPLAYHit detection is nearly nonexistent and cars are very fragile, but the difficulty is great.The game can get very frustrating at times because of this. There is a considerable arsenal of weapons, from explosives to fire to bullets. But I found myself resorting to mostly sniping from afar for the AI cant sense others casualties, and running down enemies as you are safe as long youre inside a vehicle. And thatis because most of the guns have terrible hit detection, deeming you almost  a sitting duck with heavy weapons, and a waddling penguin with light weapons. Vehicles get damaged so easily, bursting in flames and switching vehicles during a mission becomes a standard. The combination of being shot at and rammed into does not make it any better.  The difficulity rises as you progress, and so does the harshness of cops as you gain a wanted level. Id say the difficulty is quite balanced for what it is.For its time, this game was a masterpiece. It opened doors for many developers to go through, and Influenced many of the openworld games today. It has its issues, but I cannot deny how this game changed the gaming industry, and how it was truly genredefining. If you are looking for a crimebased openworld classic game, try this. Just bear through the flaws.