This game isnt so bad and many core gamers find this game awesome as you can do almost anything to commit crimes, but watch out for Police and your heat level. As most of the players know the GTA series, the only thing with GTA3 is the crude PS2like GFX, as it was originally released for PS2 in 2001 but the disappointing part for the PS2 version is the lack of compatibility for the later revision model of the PS3 and PS4. The Steam version however may contain some GFX colour errors when you play ingame like the vehicles with a distinctive yellow glow plus your saves from the PC Retail Version  that if you choose to transfer into the Steam Version may corrupt it.Overall this game is enjoyable, and its generally for over 18s only, plus it does contain some racist stunts and footage like the Italian Mafia going into Mob Wars with the Chinese Triads. And if you proceed after going into Mob Wars with the Triads and siding with the Diablos, then your chances of survival in the city will be reduced, due to the mobsters trying to take revenge against YOU! So, if you do want to make a 100 complete stats, then I recommend you stay away from other jobs except Luigis. Because those Taxi/Police and Fire Engine jobs will be impossible if the mobsters start severely opposing you. And dont fail and save when you play on those Kill Frenzy/Ramage missions as those are a 1way ticket.Speaking of 1way tickets If you approach near Mission Bomb Da Base  Act II, then be aware of Luigis, Joeys and Tonis jobs, because if you not finished them all, you will never get the 100 completion. Same goes when you reach Staunton Island if you not finished the Jobs from Kenji when you get Donald Loves Jobs. And when you get a Mission from Shoreside Vale, except the PayPhone from Southside Hoods, DONT buy anymore weapons. Trust me you need the cash for the final showdown.Now I believe this game appears to be the only game in the GTA 3D series onwards that dont reduce your Criminal Rating stats, so you can cause some cheating mayhem as you want. But dont use them for the newer versions of GTA as those Stats will be ruined.One final thing, you can download some fixes like the Long Distance enhancement and some of Silents DirectDraw fixes for this game. Try it! It should be safe