Its aged horribly, if you are looking to get into GTA start with Vice city then work your way up. Both Vice City and S.A have solid gameplay and story that hold up to this day, this game however does not. Every single critique of this game I have is fixed in Vice City. The story is weak, its a revenge tale and yet the main character Claude shows no emotions nor speaks throughout the entire game. You feel empty at the end because it never seemed as if Claude ever cares about anything. You betray characters at a dime for no reason. There is no map, and the minimap doesnt tell you where the pay and spray and ammunition are so you have to literally learn the streets. You have hundreds of thousands of dollars to spend on nothing except guns but good luck finding the ammunation. There are only 3 hideouts and they all look like for a millionaire Claude sleeps on the floor on the concrete. Every single gang in the game except one is out to kill you and have laser sharp aim. The camera is terrible and will get you killed. The crosshair is not correctly calibrated, bullets go outside of the circle and to the right in the exact same position always, so it is not a glitch but poor programing. The music is terrible, and theirs only about 3 1/2 hours of radio for a 20 hour game. A single station will only have about 20 minutes or about 5 songs each game so it gets extremely repetitive. The map is sectioned off by three bridges, each island is incredibly small. The reason why this is a problem is that there is no map and the game will have missions where you have to travel across islands against the clock. Since there is no map you will fail missions simply because you cant find the bridge. Cars die in 58 hits. The best way to restore your health is to kill yourself because hookers take too long and finding health powerups is at best random since there is no map and they are not labeled on the minimap. There is armor in the game but I never in 17 hours found it, not once! The handling of the cars is awful and will get you killed since cars can only take 68 hits. I played it to see the story and in all honesty it wasnt worth it. Stick to Vice City, and SA, they are much better games by far. For 3.50 I feel robbed, maybye 0.99, MAYBYE. 