The first GTA game made in 3D and its living up to its name.This is the game that made every other GTA games what they are today.You play as Claude who got betrayed and shot by his girlfriend after a heist. Wounded but not dead, you find yourself arrested and transported to prison but you evade from your transport when the colombian cartel makes an attack on the patrol you are stuck into to help another prisonner to escape. You use this opportunity to beat a police officer, remove your handcuffs and evade from your transportation truck. You learn about 8Ball and he helps you with his contacts.Roaming around Liberty City to do missions for the Mafia, the Yakuza and some independent names, you are thrown around to do the dirty jobs like the handyman you are.The map is huge and the game looks good when you think about the games that came out around the same years.Its in the veine of the GoldSrc Engine, Unreal Engine, id Tech 3 but with a big map made with freeroaming in mind. Driver 2 would be a better comparison. Restating that GTA3 was the first attempt from Rockstar to make a 3D game, They didnt miss their shot.Theres a lot of things to do.The missions are nonlinear, you always have the choice between a mission giver or another, theres the phone boot sidequests, you can do Taxi, Ambulance and Police missions when you get the specific car and you can always freeroam in Liberty City causing carnage for fun and giggles.The sound effects are great, you always feel like youre in a real city with the car sounds and pedestrians talking.A gunshot disturbs the peace of the moment when everyone start screaming and running.The game is immersive, you feel like youre there, walking/running around in Liberty City.Theres enough weapons to have fun the entire game. Theres not three different sets like in San Andreas but the game isnt that long either. Everything is well balanced for its size and for its date of creation.The physic in the game is alright, not perfect but very good for what it needed to be.The driving physic is sometimes weird, you feel like in a pinball machine when you start hitting everything around but otherwise, handbrakes, quick turns and donuts can be done easily. Depending on the car you have, controlling it is never that much of a pain unless its a really bad car which was obviously a choice from the devs. Bad cars roll badly.The shooting mecanics are archaic to say the least, its kinda hard hard to deal with when you are in a fire fight, mostly when you are surrounded. The game was made to be unforgivable in some ways.When you try to play wisely, you get into cover and you try to step a little bit outside of your cover in a way that the AI doesnt really see you and then you shoot. ... or you try to stay in front of the enemies, hoping that you will kill everyone before you die. Good luck if they have decent weaponry. Its not impossible and its still a lot of fun.You can only shoot and walk with the UZI or pistol, every big weapons are used as if you were a turret which is kind of annoying sometimes but the bullet effects are eye candy though. Its always fun to make your own justice anyway.I dont have a lot of negative to say about this game.Most negative points would come from a comparison with the futur games which wouldnt be fair at all.Every futur installments added stuff to what GTA3 was. GTA3 doesnt lack stuff, its just the next games that are even better than what was this awesome game.Theres obviously some glitches and bugs since its a first attempt at a 3D game but nothing gamebreaking.A problem I had was that the game version I have was censored for whatever reason.Im not from a country renowned to ban such games and I bought the game in the official Rockstar Pack with every other GTA games directly on Steam. The problem is well known though so yeah, theres not a lot of things more to say about his.To end this straight  GTA3 is a classic, its a game that you must own if you understand what gaming is all about and if its your kind of game to start with. Give it a try with an open mind! Feel the year 2001. 