Theres some great fun to be had in Rogue. It provides some stuff I dont recall being able to do in Black Flag which is nice, and theyre fun. Overall the game isnt groundbreaking nor a fully fleshed our successor to BF.Instead its like a BF tweaked in several ways, with an interesting but shorter story. The world is massive, but theres not a ton of compelling content within the world.Hopefully an upcoming remastered Rogue using the latest engine will help address this and make it an awesome, lengthy experience.At present 1242018, Assassins Creed Origins. If the remastered Rogue winds up using that engine andit willthe fluid experience for many players. Hopefully that issue will get resolved,For now this original version of Rogue is worth getting and having some fun with.And for me  Im in no hurry at all  Im specifically going at a slow, leisurely pace exploring and doing the story. Im trying to enjoy the environment, especially the sea and rampaging open waters seeking fame and fortune for a role playing experience.Although capturing towns, ports and other areas is a thing, having a fleshed out economy and more flexible income generation would really add a lot to the experience. From reading up on the remastered AC Rogue it doesnt sound like any of these aspects are touched, at all, so thats a real shame.Im trying not to go find out details, information, missions or anything else externally google while playing Rogue. This is something I try and do for all games to help make them more interesting and fresh.Changing the file CUsersyour usernameDocumentsAssassins Creed RogueAssassinRogue.ini with EnvironmentQuality4 TextureQuality2can help a tad more in raw quality. The game doesnt max those on its own regardless of in game setting. However, making this change manually does hold. Ill be looking to see if anyone redid all assets or otherwise made any mods to further improve visual fidelity.Found an excellent SweetFX config ready to go on nexus.Nexus Mod Assassin Hunter Reshade is a SweetFX Reshade that worksgood for SMAA. I tweaked a few things in my copy maxing out its SMAA features, but even at default its set up ready to go and look good. I also disable FXAA in the mod, and in the game, and configure FXAA through driver. You can use nVidia Inspector or nVidia CP for that.The reasons to use SMAA via SweetFX and hardware FXAA via nVidia control panel and no other combination of AA are outlined in the article below. Its a great read and really details important aspects. In the end my game is running 4K using DSR, has max quality SMAA  FXAA. It runs incredible  and looks incredible too.I purchased this game Deluxe 3/12/2015, played for a few minutes, closed it, deleted it, forgot about it.Why? Because it was just more of the same underlying AC core, including some core Black Flag elements but... Too burnt. Was just too burnt out after playing BF into the ground. Theres not enough difference, and deep content, in this original version of Rogue.Now in 2018 after finishing cleaning up my system after several years, and with a fresh new W10 Pro installation couple days before Win7 to Win10 free went away at 31/2017 Im going through adding back a few steam games.Saw this one in the library and remembered I never actually played it, so down it came.The major reason is because I just finished a new round of editing the bios for my titans and many AC titles are excellent for testing 4K.Rogue runs like perfection so far, but more importantly and why Im here  Im enjoying the game.Ive been away from AC all of them, but especially Black Flag long enough that I didnt instantly sigh with oh... right soon as I loaded into the world.