AC Rogue was an enjoyable title, the gameplay and feel was very much like ACIV, another fantastic title. Rogue felt like an extension of ACIV, and it maintained my interest in the mechanics of the previous game.StoryOur story begins with Shay, an assassin who is a pupil of Aquilles, the assassin who teaches us in ACIII. An action by the assassins severs Shays trust in them and begins his descent toward the Templar side. On our way we begin to understand more about the Templars and really see the other side of the coin. The present day storyline is still present, and we still play as the same Abstergo employee from ACIV. This time were given even more backstory and introduced to a few new characters that bring us closer to understanding the Templars.GameplayThe gameplay is just like ACIV, with a few new gimmicks and weapons for our character and ship. The part I enjoyed most was the range that the Air Rifle introduced. Taking down an entire compound with it was very easy and fun to do, though it did make fights too easy and took away the challenge of having to hide in haystacks and around corners like in ACII. Also from ACIV we dont have 4 pistols anymore, only 2. We maintain our 2 swords and many other weapons like the rope darts, berserk/sleep darts. and of course our hidden blades. A few new additions are added into the game, such as an enemy type that strikes quickly and quietly like an assassin would, but the game makes it easy to find and kill these enemies if you pay attention. Also there are gang compounds which you can clear out and take over in order to access your fleet and bank. The ship combat is pretty similar to ACIV with some new ship additions and we still have Legendary Battles.Bugs/glitches/What I hatedAMD GPU users are at a loss with this game, something caused the game to crash as soon as the story was launched if the environment setting was set beyond normal even if your GPU is more than capable of running the game. This title still suffers from the age old AC problem in which your character will sometimes not respond to commands and plummet to his death instead of jumping to a nearby ledge. One of my favorite glitches was with an assassin we had to kill falling into the ocean and his marker sinking and sinking until I had to restart the mission. Some of the things I hated include the large amounts of animus fragments and the fact that gang HQs really gave no advantage and were just another way for you to see your fleet and visit the bank. There really werent many new outfits, cool guns, or swords either.Final verdictGet this game if you enjoyed ACIV and would like more of that great ship combat, this is a very solid title and defenitely should be picked up on sale. It adds just enough to feel like its own story but is pretty plain when compared to ACII or ACIV. I enjoyed playing this game and had fun with it, maybe you will too.