Why was this not the yearly main release?So if I didnt have the UPlay version of Unity, Id go on to talk about my review of Unity. About how while I applaude them making the parkour much better, especially for PC, its performance is terrible and requires a rig that only the tiny minority will actually have. Plus it isnt that good of a story to begin with.This game is different though. Its treated as a side story. Something that is unimportant to the main storyline, something more for the diehard Assassins Creed fans, or at least the ones that didnt want to buy a new console. But the story is really good, much better than its Unity brother. The main characters story is much more interesting. Seeing the Templar side of the story made me actually sit back and question the overall question that Assassins Creed as a whole asks. Is it better to have peace through freedom or through control?Before playing this game I was firm in thinking that the Templars are wrong and that they are bad and evil. But then I played this game to see the otherside of the fense. While the thought of giving up freedom is something that we as humans fundimentally are against, the cost of having said freedom often leads to outcomes that arent necessarily for the benefit of everyone as a whole. I often questioned whether or not the Templars maybe be in the right. Afterall we all willingly give up some freedoms that we as humas can do with laws. We give up physical freedoms with rules that we have implimented for the benefit of us all.Of course whats most important is the gameplay, not the philosophical aspects of it. Basically saying, if you liked Assassins Creed IVs gameplay, youre going to enjoy this game greatly. Sea chanties, slowly pased options to finish levels without alerting anyone, AI that isnt terrible in comparison to Unity. It has everything to love. Although I do have to say the whole Abstergo Entertainment portions of the game are the weakest parts again. Its cool if youre into the lore of the Assassins Creed universe, for most its just a waste of time.So all in all is this game worth buying? Well thats up to you. Unfortunately it does follow the curse of the yearly franchise. Not much changes but its still a good game. If youve not played Black Flag definitely play this game. Its got the best story tie ins in all of the Assassins Creed games, intertwining with Assassins Creed 3, 4, and Unity in a VERY fantastic way.