Spoiler free!Amazing game if you love exploring and sidequesting! You have to love clearing cities and other locations, as you will be doing this alot! I allso recomend going for the deluxe edition with the DLC packs as they do save you a lot of time and frustration. Allso adds a lot of options for making your ship and character more personal. The game have the old melecombatsystem from AC III, however you do get some awsome new wepons and the pistol setup from AC 4. The controles are a bit different but you adapt quickly. And I will save the ship to ship combat for you to explore yourself. I personally love this and want a DLC that gives you the ability to have the Jackdaw in the harbor next to the Morigan just to change things up a bit. Allso a new seamap with much more shipwrecks ice and exploring type elements would be lovely, as that is exactly what this game is all about.The storryline was not the best, but it worked. It was a short one though, need them to be longer next time. You sometimes become a bit bored of the main missons, however that is totaly fine because of all the exploring and sidequesting you can runn off and do One more thing I like about this game is all the refferences to other AC games.I this game there is only one proper city. However, it fitts the bill perfectly for uss that lovet the Ezio series. Lots of small streets landmarks, tall and smal buildings, and perfect rooftops, no nocense! However I do still miss the by and refurnish part when it comes to stores and banks. There is one realy effective way to set your personal marking on the cities, towns and other locations, and it is a good one. But I would still realy love to have some more ways of doing this. Also bringing back the factions like brothels and thieves would be cool. I do see some of the tricks from the old games in the game, but not the full tricks, just references to the other games during missons.My conclution for this game is that it is great when it comes to sidequesting, detracking and exploring. But the storryline could have been better and the main missons could have been more interesting, however the plot is GREAT! The combat system is sometimes a bit slowish, maybe work on making it more fps friendly and making the reactiontime shorter. Allso it is great to have a lotof tools at your disposal. But maybe you should calm down a bit on the amount of sidearms one can have. You tend to get a bit overpovered sometimes. Ship combat system is great! But I do miss a way of making the ship quicker in combatMaybe some purchesable upgrades, better sails, more sails, oiled ship, new mast, ect. I felt like I allways had just a little less speed then what I needed. However, same does not gofor turning, turning is perfect! I loved the exploring part, but for a game focused so much on exploring the ice I still feel like I got to little. More frosen water and ice please! As with both AC 4 and AC Rogue I feel like we need the oportunity to bring bigger ships to the playground, maybe a DLC for a bigger ship at your diposal or something like thatbut no Man O War, too OP. Allso miss some of the better elemnts of the old games. Maybe something for the next full game? I am left behind with a possitive feeling of this game and I do definetly recomend it. However do not try to save money on the limited game. These games do work best when you have all the content. Allso for the players that have never played AC before I do not recomend this to be your first. I recomend you play AC II first, then AC III, after this AC 4, and then this game. If not then i do struggle to believe you will understand the storryline and the plot.4 out of 6Yes, this is lowish, however the game is still great. It is just the fact that it could have been som much better 