Voted down to highlight the negativesIts a good game when seen as the Black Flag 1.5 it essentially is. There are some gameplay details that are slightly improved/extended and a good bunch of new areas to explore. Its neither reinventing the wheel nor moving away from proven ideas and as such solid/good enough in gameplay ways.But there are story/character details that are bugging me.The Assassins vs Templars thing is getting old, least when done like here. Other reviewers are praising how the Templars are shown less evil, but that happens by what felt as a cheap switching of sides. The labels Assassins and Templars were basically exchanged. Its the same concept that I may have seen too many times An arms Precursor sites race between both sides that ends in just another undecided semitie. Your present self being  like in Black Flag  an uninteresting name, face and voiceless Abstergo employee referred to by another character only as numbskull and openly so  perhaps he should quit the job or submit a complaint about bullying? roaming the same Abstergo Entertainment offices as you did in Black Flag, albeit less crowded, to relive/play through the life of an Assassin/Templar that is never mentioned elsewhere and brings no conclusion to anything there is a small tiein to Unity, but it doesnt look like there was much to it hardens the feeling that Ubisoft stalls the progression of the overarching story to keep up the facade of a realityimitating, selfadvertising and neverending franchise.Shay turns his coat for an event that  despite its severe impact on parts of civilian life  could be seen as a petty misunderstanding. Dude, just talk to them again, dont be so hasty! one might want to tell him. It feels forced. More so by how the Assassins, least those Shay is opposing, are now supposed to be reckless massmurderers who suddenly dont care as much about their buddies or civilians and who are now sharing some of the same silly speeches upon facing death as your clich Templar baddies. Hah, we tricked you all along you fool! But since I got nothing better to do while dying in this puddle of blood before you Ill just give you a hint towards our supersecret plan to rule/free the world regardless only so you can foil it! And while were at it Please take this Precursor artifact as well, I wont need it anymore, dead as Im soon going to be!.It even feels like a kind of insult that the Assassins you fight  some important figures from previous games  seem to be lacking their own skills. They are sometimes prancing about small areas of objectives literally waiting for you to airassassinate them only with nameless grunts/thugs as meatshields. Apparently trying to stay under the radar has become irrelevant to the Assassins, a bunch of people that can only be called  common gangs put a variant of their signature symbol all over places and are bullying and terrorizing civilians on their behalf. You can kill them as easily as any stupid Templars. They hardly feel different, and its just as hard to actually regret what you are doing. They are depicted as sortofmadmen throughout many parts. They lack the evil voices and coldblooded slaughtering of disobedient minions, but they arent far from it. Shay is often voicing doubts about his actions against either faction if he isnt pronouncing cockily for like the twentieth time that he makes his own luck, and his voice actor is doing rather good, but it wont help the overall feeling that things are forced and shallow. The intention mustve been to blur the lines between both factions but despite probably best intentions its done in an unimpressive, predictable, boring manner.Shay has no great motivations. Proper reasoning has never been the strength of the series but it falls flatter here than ever. He feels very nondescriptive, siding with whoever would help him best in his vague concept of saving civilian life. And as luck would have the Templars are there when he just bailed the Assassins and got away against all odds  how convenient. He has lost no family Ezio, Connor, he wasnt genuinely wronged by anyone Altar, he has no social injustice to deal with Aveline, Adwal, there is no one for him to swear true revenge to. What he cares for aside from all the factions bickering is hardly given any exposition and if it werent for rather lucky or unlucky circumstances no one necessarily intended to have happen he might have never joined any faction to begin with. At one point he compares the lustful ladies of different places but that kind of character trait was already served with young Ezio and Edward Kenway. Even the latter with his fits of greed and wishes for an easy and good life he would want to taste was more tangible and sympathetic than what the rather cold and blank Shay can muster. Him switching sides happens rather quickly, you dont get warm with his friends/coAssassins either, and a minute after having met them you pretty much know you are going to fight them so why even bother?Something schizophrenic You can kill civilians without desynchronization. Fans of the series might have secretly wished for that in years. But its highly anticlimactic considering Shay betrays the Assassins only so he can save civilians instead of massmurdering them. Even if you cast that faulty logic aside Its not much fun killing civilians anyway because bounty hunters will be sent after you almost immediately they spawn close to you out of thin air once your wanted level hits stage one  after three civilian kills  and they instantly jump you who annoyingly block/parry a great part of your attacks in an otherwise highly unchallenging and massively forgiving game. A lack of difficulty isnt something bad perse, I play the series mainly for story/characters/exploration, but such ways of artificial difficulty spikes arent exciting to deal with when done so bluntly and a real bummer when meant to throttle down on a new feature before it had even a chance to prove itself. But I guess there had to be strict limits to this or else age ratings might have shot up a level.What genuinely disappoints/annoys me is that the presenttime story is absolutely not progressing. Some dubious Abstergo superior is trying to tell you your work is ohsoimportant and stuff, acting and talking to you in irritatingly vague and mysterious ways spurting hollow and meaningless phrases You will understand soon, Be prepared for the coming time etc.  I had to roll my eyes whenever I heard such lines, Id consider quitting such a seemingly trivial job if people started talking like that to me. I believe the presenttime story is one of the more interesting aspects about the series as it holds more potential and freedom in writing than the pasttime scenarios that are necessarily forced to roughly follow historic facts and to avoid time paradoxi balance of power making even the best of them predictable in ways. But I guess the presenttime story cannot be progressed as much without leading the entire series to an end, so as long as Ubisoft wont be willing to do that it will not advance at all or only at a snails pace. Which is a ing shame.