WARNING!, to understand this Review, you must have played/seen Assassins Creed IV and to an extent Assassins Creed 3. Do not issue a bad rating on the merits of you entering in the franchise. Sorry, friend, this review is not for you.This game can also be described as Assassins Creed IV Black Flag 1.5. When I finished, I almost wondered why the Installation didnt come with patch notes instead of a features description. Dont get me wrong, its good, bloody damn good, but read this for a minute to understand why.The Good Patch Changes The new Air Rifle is amazing, and doesnt look as, and I hesitate to use the word here, racist or shoehorned as a bow and a blowpipe. It provides a lorefriendly way of dispatching your foes as well as later receiving a Grenade launcher, which allows you to stun, berserk or just explode a large group of enemies. It opens tactical opportunities to spark a large group of enemies to berserk instead of just one. The Outfit selection takes a big dump on the 15 colours of robes  hoods thing and presents you for once with varied outfits that dont require dlc. I completed the game in the uniform of a Royal Navy Captain. The Environment is much more varied. The River Valley is  as the name would suggest  a large map of rivers where you can encounter mediumsized ships and set up clever ambushes. The Ocean map is much wider and you can capture ManoWar ships there. You are a templar now, which means the United Kingdom wont bother you anymore, unless you want to, atleast in the cities. backstab, shoot and murder to your hearts content! You can now murder civilians in a lorefriendly way. Instead of arbitrarily getting desynched at the third mishap like a kindergarten boy being sent home because he threw gobs of sand around, you will now have toughase bounty hunters sent after you. they will kill you unless you are smart and shoot them first. But its lorefriendly and more immersive that way. Say goodbye to the alwayson, requiredtoprogress Kenways Fleet! Thats right, the Fleet now is entirely offline, and gives you not only junk househlod decorations but also some very nifty Items and beautiful cosmetics. Also, its optional, so if you are not interested in the Naval Campaign, good riddance for you, but it will generally give you money, as it works on the ingame currency now, the pound, instead of the arbitraryas Gems that were ripe for mobile minitransactions from the word go. New York makes its return from AC3. I find it to be the more ugly of the two cities, boston was always more to my liking, but they managed to spice the city up by restoring the burneddown districts and adding a less depressive daynight cycle. Since I played AC3 the colour orange gives me spontaneous cataract! Getting boarded is fun. It eventually ends like the other boardings, you can only be boarded by assassin brigs and piratehunters and you might lose up to 7 crewmen, but its fun. The Elite Upgrades for your ship are not buried in some  places that you will only visit once for the entire game You now have frequent ammunition chests in the cities to refill your special ammunition for free. It gives a shoddy amount of bullets, but Ill get to that eventually. The sailors of the Morrigan look like Royal Navy sailors. BRITANNIA RULES THE WAVES!The bad changes... and yes, there are some. When you capture an enemy fortress, your boarding crew does not follow you on land, which is sad. I liked the atmospheric fortress battles even though the teleporting ship crew in ACIVBF incited philosophical discourse with other players/coworkers at the water dispenser. The highestLevel set of pistols and the only pair of the main game that kills grenadiers/captains/assassins in one shot is locked behind a challenge. Alternatively, you can buy the DLC and aquire the Russian Flintlock pistols. Its just a scheme to funnel more games into buying the DLC. Shay, the Protagonist, is a dunce at looting conventional bullets from corpses. While Edward could restock himself twice over by just stabbing some guards in the middle of the street, Mr. Cormac needs his reading glasses whiped for him because he only loots one or two cartridges off a rifleman. This is a big deal, because in the marine sessions, assassins hunts and timebased objectives as well as the main missions, you will be heavily relying on your pistols. Unless, of course, you are sneaky. Which I aint. Ammunition does not refill when you get onto your ships. They really dont have a crew chest where I could borrow some of these precious blackpowder lifesavers? REALLY? Edward Kenways crew was cool about that. meh. The story is a bit short for my taste, but that is only because they had to develop this game alongside the spontaneous irony colossus of cultural value and perfection irony end, cough cough that was Assassins Creed Unity.IN SHORTIf you couldnt already guess, I am going to recommend this game, because my complaints are all tiny things.So, thats about all I got so far. I might add more grins or gripes in the future. Keep the discussion in the comments civilized. And have fun if you decide to buy! I guarantee you almost certainly will. 