I was a little apprehensive in buying this game after AC Unity. I wanted to skip this title because of the poor state of Unity in general upon release, but I am a fan of the series and so I blindly preordered it taking yet another risk. I can safely say this game so far is very well done.The frame rate seems smooth and although I expected the graphics to look no better than Black Flag, being on the same engine, I have to say the games looks better in almost every respect. It is no AC Unity by any means, but the anniemations, physics, and details are pushed further than Black Flag with improved frame rate. AC Rogue runs great. It is obvious the extra six months in developement for PC was worth the wait.The gameplay is smooth and what you would expect from AC. The game plays just like AC Black Flag. I am not saying this game is without glitches, but I have not experienced any crashes at all. I have however jumped out of trees and landed under part of the map structure like a rock twice. Porting out to another area solves the problem, but remains an inconvenience. I also dislike the camera view that oddly puts me out of combat at times and I must center my view to correct it.The story line is impressive and sets the transition for you to become a templar. I never thought Unbisoft would pull this story off so well after seven years of killing templars release of Assassins Creed 2007. I found the story itself a little lacking in that it seemed rushed at times or like a book that has had several chapters cut out to meet a page limit. But overall, the story does what it is ment to do and it does it well. Spoiler alert, if you have played AC III, you may have some mixed feeling about this story line.If you have played earlier Assassins Creed games, specifically Black Flag, you will feel right at home. If you have only played Unity, it is a step down in just about every respect except the bugs and lack of polish found with Unitys release. AC Rogue is designed on a dated engine for last gen consoles but it truely offers one of the best AC experiences to date. I honestly feel Ubisoft should have pushed Unity back another six months to a year and completed the release on Rogue on all platforms rather than holding Rogue back for PC only to push Unity for next gen. Unity was obviously not ready for release on any platform, especially PC while Rogue clearly is. 