Without a shadow of a doubt my favourite Assassins Creed game of all, and my favourite protagonist of perhaps any game out there, not just this franchise. You feel for Shay throughout, and if youre as open minded as myself, you may find you agree to his ideals. Youre eyes and mind are opened to a new reality which sometimes begins to make the previous games feel like Assassin Propaganda, where you are blinded by the Assassin point of view.In the present day you play an Abstergo Entertainment employee within the familiar environment of Black Flag. The employee is a nobody or numbskull, as youre often dubbed, exploring the memories of another nobody called Shay Patrick Cormac  an Assassin in the 1750s. As you find out just how important Shay is to both the Assassins AND the Templars of the present and the past, you find that certain decisions you make reflect that of Shay himself you view the world as it really is.In Shays memories, he is sent on a mission which has him unexpectedly and uncontrollably involved in the literal destruction of a city. With the guilt and disgust of the innocents killed, he confronts those that sent him on the mission only to find that they wont listen. After confrontation, and events following it, Shay finds himself allied with the same people who share the same view on protecting the innocent and doing what is right. However, these allies were once his sworn enemy. Ultimately Shay must end the threat, even if he must kill those he once saw as his family.Overall, the stories of both times are short, but rich, and almost every character has some kind of interesting backstory, with reference to previous games, and future ones Unity  Syndicate. They definitely could have filled certain gaps in the story where time passed such as explaining how Shay got to where he eventually gets to in the final sequence. However, everything ties in so well in an almost flawless fashion, filling the interesting gap between the transitioning protagonists of Haytham and Connor in AC 3, as well as a key moment in AC Unity. The present day is marmite  a term used to describe how you either love it or hate it. I found it interesting, mainly because the unknown protagonist rises to importance in parallel to Shay as he explores Shays memories.Naval Combat is slightly more flushed out and feels much more satisfying than Black Flag and Black Flag had it spot on at the time!. The biggest and best difference is the upgrade to your round shots which fires a double volley of cannons! Another key thing is to watch out for those Bounty Hunters ramming into you. Its not something to take for granted this time around. Otherwise its essentially the same badass naval combat unrivaled in games in my opinion.Melee combat and stealth kills are also essentially the same as previous games as well, so dont expect much of a noticeable difference besides the new and cool grenade types that have different effects. Ubisoft definitely didnt see the need to revamp the combat in this game due to doing so in Unity.There is a lot to do for side content, about as much as Black Flag, with Hunting missions, Assassinations, Fort and Gang territory controls, Shays Fleet missions, and the everawesome and much improved Legendary Ship Battles.Theres a number of collectibles to find across 3 maps Animus Fragments, Chests, Prosperity gems, Shanties, Templar Maps, and more. And depending on DLCs, there is also even more to find and unlock cool content.You can also earn money from a bank account after performing activities that increase your generated income. One of these activities is Renovation, which was seen in Black Flag at the Pirates Hideout. Renovating public buildings will raise your income, as will taking over Forts, Territories and collecting Prosperity gems as a new collectible. Final Opinions Essentially the biggest grip in this game, though, is the intrigue of the Templar point of view. At first I thought Yep, Id love to be a bad guy for a change. Sometimes bad guys are more fun, right? Well as the story hit a certain stage, I found myself seeing the Templars as peacemakers, just trying to do whats best for people and having the Assassins constantly meddling in their affairs and destroying their plans.But most of all, they were being careless. Shay saw it this way and allied himself with those he was meant to kill. The very first character you meet when you try to set things right appears goodhearted and honourable, a man of a heroic and kind nature, wanting to do whats right for the people in the colonies as much as Shay does. He becomes Shays role model, and, perhaps, youre own if doing what you feel is right, is youre sort of thing. For me this was the biggest and most important thing the ultimate change of opinion not only in this game, but the entire franchise.Also, I find that the key requirement for atmosphere and immersion in all games is its music and sound design. Let me tell you, at least 80 of the music is perfect. Elitsa Alexandrova is brilliant! The main theme feels so... Shay. The Legendary Battle theme David and Goliath is almost as epic as the track used in the Legendary Battles in Black Flag lets face it, ya cant beat that. Chase and combat tracks are also really nicely composed. I personally found that this was the last game with a great soundtrack  Unity and Syndicate just got repetitive and annoying for me.So now I ask myself something. Forget Jedi or Sith, thats so 2016. The real question to be asking is this Assassin, or Templar?Templar. Definitely Templar.But then, I could just be an unknown employee from Google, my hands forced into a secret oganisation, and now Im just spreading Templar propaganda.