I have been a long time fan of this series. That being said, Im quite disappointed with this game. I have had nothing but problems while playing it. This has probably the WORST combat and parkour mechanics in the entire series. Theyre so bad, I just finished a Frontier Clash with so many problems, I felt the need to immediately review this game. Here are a few examples of how the combat and parkour are atrociousyou will sheathe your weapons IN THE MIDDLE of combat. Shay just sheathed his swords 4 times while enemies were still around me during the Frontier Clashits almost impossible to fluidly attack people without an NPC getting in between you and your opponent during a skirmisheven if you have a target highlighted, Shay will not attack him but rather someone 10 feet awayyou sometimes will simply not attack when commanded to and you will have to mash X until he does somethingthe game cant tell whether you want to step off a box or jump off a buildingEXTREMELY sticky parkouractions are horribly unresponsive!Here are other reasons why Im disappointedthe enemies are incredibly stupidthe camera is ridiculously bad, i.e. the camera will not follow you properly during combat and especially during a contextual finisheranimations are somtimes glitched during cinematics the cinematic played with me not being present, then I suddenly desynchronized and fell on the ground deadI do not understand why some people consider this to be the best game in the series. They adopted SO MUCH from Black Flag. The combat animations are identical to Black Flags,  the graphics arent any better than Black Flag, they literally copy and pasted the inside of the merchant store from Black Flag for christs sake... The only way this differs from Black Flag is obviously the plot, the fact youre, the fact enemies can board you ship, and some weapons and minor details. The combat in AC3 is VASTLY superior. I mean, absolutely night and day compared to this. Why they didnt adopt AC3s combat system is far beyond me.I only recommend this game if you are a hardcore fan of the series. If you dont care about the story or the series in general and want to play casually, do not buy this game. If you are a fan, Id recommend only buying this on sale. 