Imho the best game of the whole Assassins Creed franchise. Let me tell you whyIt didnt try to reinvent the wheel. Instead, the devs took the skeleton of AC4 which was nice by itself, put in more relatable characters and a more interesting story and set it all in a colder environment. And they fixed all the bugs and optimized performance. All in all a really nice game.One of the most important aspects of a game is that you can play it without being annoyed by bugs or frame drops. AC Rogue manages that awesomely It runs on my notebook 3d gen i7, GTX660M, win 8.1 on near max settings and it runs smoothly neither AC3 nor AC4 had constant high frame rate. I did not encounter any mentionable bugs nor any frame rate drops that went below 30fps. It also runs perfectly fine on my gaming PC 6th gen i7, GTX1070, win 10 with no compatibility issues whatsoever unlike AC2 of AC Brotherhood. All in all 10/10The story line isnt very long i guess just playing through the story would be 20 to 30 h but it is interesting. AC Rogue tells a tale of redemption, which is a nice change from the classic arrogant young boy grows up to be a decent killer  schematic the other AC games posess. The caracters are diverse and unlike so often not either 100 good or 100 bad, which makes them much more relatable.It is no epic quest like the Eziostory but its a solid fresh standalone story. Oh and did I mention that the outoftheanimus part is really short and has some nice puzzle elements? Thumbs up for that!All in all 8/10  it was a bit short after all.One word for that perfected.The game lets you choose your own approach to the missions you can decide yourself whether you want to sneak past anyone, stealth kill everyone or slowly walk in and slaughter any attacker why hide? wou are a templar after all. There are no necessary mission goals like dont be detected, even if you kill the guy before he can get help. All those goals are optional and just needed for 100 sync or a bit of extra cash.The Parkour is quite smooth but relatively easy. A HUGE plus is that from the beginning there are no restricted areas  everything you can reach after finishing the story is also reachable at the very beginning of the game.There is a nice variety of weapons and tools at your disposal and switching them is quick and immersive. Personally, I kind of miss the dagger from the first games, but the rifle yes, you have a pistol AND a rifle more than makes up for that.The naval part is also perfected It is much like in AC4 but with some major improvements that make the gameplay much smoother.Since the game is not very long, there is no need for repetitive grinding.Solid 10/10Its basically AC4s graphics in optimized. No new and fancy and frame dropping new beta visuals, but solid, tested, stable graphics. You can see that it was programmed for lastgenconsoles and equivalent PCs, yet it still looks really nice and delivers an epic ambiente. And I cant mention it enough it runs perfectly stable even on older machines.9/10All in all a 9 of 10  its an awesome game  try it out!