Its ironic how Unity was promoted as the big nextgen game while Rogue was underplayed as AC 4.5 for currentgen. As weve seen in the past few months, Unity has flopped horrendously while Rogue has stood out as a worthy successor to the AC franchise. Sadly, much of this is mostly because Rogue is simply NOT Unity.The fact of the matter is that Rogue WORKS. The game is pretty much an extension of Black Flag. It doesnt change much, if anything, but that isnt a bad thing. Black Flag was exciting. Great soundtrack, fastpaced combat, huge world and naval exploration. Rogue has a somewhat smaller scale, but has more areas in New York, the North Atlantic and North America. But it has the same charm and the same feel. Perhaps it couldve used its setting more effectively  lots of locations arent used and New York is mostly a backdrop to several story missions, while Black Flag took you everywhere. But its still better than Unity.The story works well too. Ubisoft seems to be trying very hard to make memorable characters like Ezio but in the span of only one game compared to the AC2 trilogy. Shay Cormac is a relatable character  not as epic as Ezio, but within the constraints of only one game, Shays story comes across very nicely. Sure, its a token rogue story, but Shay pulls it off really well, going through the moral conflict, becoming jaded with the Assassins and becoming an integral part of the Templars.Perhaps the most underrated part of Rogue is how it connects the AC universe together. It brings back Black Flag and Freedom Cry through its heritage of older characters. It serves as the prequel to ACIII, with references to George Washington, Haytham Kenway and the fall of Achilles. And, as an extra bonus, it links into the events of Unity. If anything, Rogue stands out by making the other AC games better. The supporting ensemble complement Shay nicely, making the cinematic experience more enjoyable than Arnos attempts in Unity.The modernday story is also very well developed. You are once again an Abstergo Entertainment employee, but this time under the control of the Templars directly. It introduces new supporting characters and a whole new aspect of the modern story while retaining the familiar setting from Black Flag, It really does play out as a sequel to Black Flag, and is executed far more fluidly than Unitys excuse for a modern story. In fact, it seems that Unity was made by Abstergo rather than Ubisoft as a ploy to make Assassinbased games utter crap while making Templars games really good.And that would make a good plot twist.Ultimately, Rogue stays true to a working formula. There are elements that dont make a lot of sense, but weve come to expect that from openworld games and the series. The story is satisfying, the gameplay is sweet and the soundtrack is epic. Surely, there can be no greater nostalgia trip than when you open the menu and hear Ezios and Connors themes mashed together. Rogue respects the series and in turn forms a deep bond with everything that came before it. Perhaps it is a greater unifier than Unity. 