With immense avarice, im going to enhance my thoughts on Assassins Creed Rogue. Surely, Rogue is one of my favorites in Assassins Creed series. I would choose Rogue for its intensive Storyline and Combat style. Besides i loved the main protagonist called Shay Cormac. Anyways, let me share my thoughts on few aspects.The story of Assassins Creed Rogue leads the tittle itself. Because Rogue has an intensive story. Rogue reveals the story of a former assassin called Shay Cormac. Youre going to explore a furious journey as Shay who gets betrayed by his creed. The story isnt about his vengeance but about his strategy and way to save the world. Thats how you find yourself in an immersive journey. Actually i loved this story more than few nicer stories. Thats because of perfect sequences of the storyline. Like they presented the story in a right way.As always, Gameplay is the most fundamental feature of Assassins Creed titles and so as for Rogue. I would say Rogue has kind of simple gameplay. Even parkour is spontaneous as well as combat. I guess Rogue has accurate combat mechanism. So its kinda more amusing for me to kill every guards spontaneously. But still there are some opponents which would take some time to execute. As far as i have seen, Rogue has same gameplay mechanism as Black Flag. Its like they just changed the location and characters but same combat mechanism. Well there isnt any Level up feature for you to skill up. But you can be more deadlier and efficient if you learn the combat basic and get more solid weapons. Youll be able to purchase many types of weapons, outfit and upgrade your own ship. Also i loved the Naval fight. More opportunities to upgrade the ship at its extent and defeat legendary ships. This would take some high time for you.Visuals, actually same as Assassins Creed Black Flag. If im not wrong then i would say, Rogue doesnt have upgraded visuals than Black Flag. Just same visuals and same facial works. So there is nothing special about it. But still this aint disappointing for me.Honestly, Assassins Creed Rogue has some solid and iconic soundtracks just like their old titles. Elitsa Alexandrova created an intensive OST for Rogue. Like David and Goliath, Main Theme and few more lovable background score.Obviously, im getting smooth and flawless performance on Intel Core i5 4590, R9 390 STRIX and 8GB Ram with maxed presets. Besides, i havent found any bugs, errors, crashes nor stuttering. So there is nothing to reprove.So peeps, Without any concerns you should try this out once in a while. You might not love it at first but later on this might become your favorite title in Assassins Creed series. Also this worths its price definitely.