How many times do I have to tell you, Liam? I make my own luck.Assassins Creed Rogue The 7th main game in the series Well main console game in the series. following the events of AC Black Flag, acting as a prequel to the events of Assassins Creed III. In the first of two recent games in this mighty franchise, we follow the accounts of Shay Cormac, an aspiring, moralyetcrass Assassin whose only wish is to make the world a better place. From the getgo, we feel a bit of a connection with Shay, but at the same time, you dont really get that strong of a connection until a bit later. After a string of successful missions, Shay learns of an artifact that has been the focus of all the games The Apple of Eden. Upon learning of its true power, he begins to wonder if what hes doing is the right thing. When things unfold, he is betrayed by those he once called brothers, and is picked up by the Templars and eventually becomes one of them. With a new mission and a new outlook, he hunts down the Brotherhood to prevent them from destroying the world.I wont spoil more than that, cause thats pretty much the box text, but now to the review itself....I loved this game. It is fantastic. It is definitely a shorter game than its predecessors, but to pack as much as they did in 1520 hours and still make it compelling? Brilliantly done. This game...was more intense than the majority of the games. In terms of that intensity, I think it rivals that of the Ezio trilogy. Specifically Revelationss. You can feel the deepseeded hatred and regret that Shay feels for the Brotherhood. He bled for them, and he was willing to die for them...only to have it thrown in his face...I held my breath more times than any other AC game thus far. If youre a fan, I definitely recommend it. I have nothing else to say other than you need to play it. You feel for Shay even if he logic isnt entirely sound at points. The only negative thing about it?...ummm....the combat was a bit choppy when fighting on ship decks and it made chain kills a bit difficult. Aside from that, well done, Ubisoft. Time to buy Unity and play it! D