Another assassins creed series, thumb up, yet 7 out of 10 only.The plot seems ok to me. An assassin question the creeds cause after the massacre caused by attemping search for pieces of eden, and finally become antiassassin.But the details, well, I dont know it is careless or the plot is written by different group of people, some of them seems mismatch with previous sequel.1. Master Franklin, Master CormacWhen first see a templar call Franklin as Master Franklin, What? Franklin is a templar? Then why Haythem did not know him or vice versa?. And when Munro call Shay as Master Cormac, I am speechless. It seems templars calling anyone respectable as master in this sequel while this did not appear in previous sequel, not mentioning how weird would the person not templars feel while being called Master.2. Killing civiliansGenerally, assassins dont kill innocents, so do some templars like Haythem and Shay. Throught out the series desynchronisation would be engaged if you killed 23 civilians. However in this sequel, despite the warning This ancestor dont kill civilians or domestic animals, nothing happened.GameplayWhen I reach sequence 3, I am so happy the renovation system is back! Generally the gameplay seems like a well mixture of revelation, blackflag and unity, except too much collectibles. The freerunning puzzles for pillar and templar map are good, while the other seems like the same of just dfferent set.And bugs, yeah, annoying bugs, so do glitches1. Why the hell would I fall while climbing the second level on a tree? This tree is just the same with others!Also appear in little building. Well inherited from AC Unity lol.2. How fascinating the camera is buried into objects, in the scene after upgrading ship or Eagle Sensed Templar Cross!3. Graphic glitches too often, hover over ground, fingers nailed into wood or stone during climbing or grabing somthing. It looks like Ubisoft applied Blackflags motion data while it is not calibrated with new character model.4. Another bug inherited from previous sequel. Unexpected interruption of motions/skillsSome motion or skills would be disrupted by high profile movement like climbing and falling. Players will understand that, of course you cant change bullet while climbing. What players not expected is, running or walking down a mild slope will often produce slight jumping or cripples, thus interrupted changing bullets, etc. Similar happens in ACUnity also while the disguise is ended because you walk down the one step in front of a shop.