After just completing the main story and all of the major activities around the world, I can say that AC Rogue is a welcome part of the AC storyline/universe. If you liked Black Flag as Im sure youve read in nearly every other review youll like this addition just as much, if not, more as it is similar to BF in nearly every aspect. Rogue was created in a hurry before the release of AC Unity, which did not include older generations of consoles  entitiled fanbois werent happy, so they scrapped together Rogue for release on older platforms to help appease the masses, hence its near identical structure of BF. That doesnt take away from Rogues fun.Rogue tells the story of an Assassin turned Templar, Shay Cormac, while tying in the stories of AC 3, Black Flag, and Unity creating a good bridge between the games. The events that make Shay turn to the dark side are sketchy and illconceived at best. They dont make sense with EVERYTHING else in the whole series that defines what an Assassin is, but if you just run with it, it doesnt detract from the story if you swap any mentions of Assassins and Templars, the story is a typical AC story.The brand new combat system is glitchy, leading to several WTF moments while fighting and executing baddies, but those glitches are rare. Rogue excels at one of the things that made me fall in love with Black Flag  Naval combat! Its equal parts AC game as it is 18thcentury naval combat simulator as explained by another review and it improves on Black Flags pirating in nearly every way.The story is short you can complete it within hours but nearly 40 hours later, Im almost completed with doing ALL the other things available in the world. Check out my playtime  youll see Rogue is definately the shortest of all the AC games, but its one of the most fun.I cant wait for AC Origins, and after playing all the other ACs including the handheld titles, Im really glad I found Rogue on sale for so cheap a few weeks ago  its a welcome addition to my AC catalog.tldr  get it, its fun. Its basically a REALLY big expansion pack for AC Black Flag. 