Heyyo,Hmm... its not easy for me to give a not recommended to this game after loving Black Flag... but this games so buggy and frustrating at times that even Assassins Creed 1 was A LOT more enjoyable even with less gameplay elements purely because it was a more solid game... and heres why I say this as my introI thought, This game uses the same engine as Black Flag and adds in a new storyline and thats cool and all... but the game lacks the polish that Black Flag does and I swear the parkour is terrible even compared to Black Flag which will upset you off a lot anyways... so in earlier AC games, especially AC 2? You could vary your run speeds between a jog and a sprint which really helped on rooftops making quick 90 degree turns... in this game? You have walk and sprint... no jog. The sprint key is also your parkour key... but if you use spacebar or E with sprint? Cormac will then go into unsafe parkour jumps or parkour dismounts where he can AND WILL CONSTANTLY leap to his death or do something to enrage you greatly. For a game with such an emphasis on parkour? This game is riddled with bugs in so many different town and areas... not being able to straddle a short dirt wall but two feet over Cormac will... if youre trying to do a quick escape and Cormac wont climb a wall because it looked like the 2x4s could be used for climbing? You have to release the SHIFT key and then turn at walking pace before holding SHIFT again or Cormac will endlessly loop trying to climb that same wall since hes so sluggish to turn with SHIFT held down sigh... and getting stuck! Ive done an air assassination on a guard poking a hay bale and then Cormac was stuck in a stationary crouch and I couldnt move and guards wouldnt attack me! I had to fast travel elsewhere and lose all my progress on a fortification capture because of that! GRR!!Next? The bugs... oh the bugs! Heres polygons floating in the air...and more floating polygons same mission...Main storyline? Ive had to force a mission restart because NPCs would do stuff like attack each other WHEN THEYRE ON THE SAME TEAM and then they wouldnt continue walking towards our objective and they wouldnt be able to kill each other... or the first time I got a boat on the tutorial mission? I escaped the zone and the prompt kept saying to escape the zone... so I sailed half the map and realized after checking the map that the game was bugged and had to restart the mission sigh...Heres Colonel Monroe fighting his own men..Restart the mission? They get along just fine and walk in formation...So yeah... buggy, frustrating parkour system which is bugged compared to Black Flag... which is a shame since the storyline is actually good and its refreshing to see a story from the Templars side of things... but... these bugs will make you give your monitor the middle finger a lot... so unless its really... and I mean REALLY cheap and you really want an AC game as a Templar? Then and only then bother to buy this game. I bought it for 15 and I feel it was ok for 15... but I feel I should at least try and rush through the game and finish the storyline so at least I feel like I got my 15 worth.Here I fight the floating pistol and sword in holsters...My adversary the floating pistol and swords return in a different fight!AC Syndicate might have a terribly optimized game engine compared to AC Rogue... but the core gameplay is a lot more solid and Ive only experienced bugs with tackling and kidnapping which were minor compared to this game and the parkour is amazing on AC Syndicate... Id rather play a game I cap my framerate on purpose to 30fps and have worse performance than a game that runs good but the gameplay is bugged like crazy...Oh, another prime example of the lack of care put into AC Rogue? You know how AC IV Black Flag had that companion app for iOS and Android to control Kenways fleet? Well, Cormacs fleet in AC Rogue doesnt get the same treatment... no companion app. sigh.