Assassins Creed Rogue was a bit of a surprise for me. Ive always loved the franchise, with very few exceptions. When Rogue and Unity released, I only played Unity because at the time, I had an Xbox One and not a 360. I was so disappointed with Unity...they changed everything and made it ten times worse, the story was boring, and in the beginning, the game was incredibly broken. I was worried that Rogue would be much of the same, since they released at the same time.I am so, so happy I was wrong.Rogue is a lot like Black Flag in the mechanics and world exploration. Rogue doesnt focus quite as heavily on naval battles, but they are still an option, and still a lot of fun. The story was wonderful, especially since you met a lot of characters from previous games, and learned what their individual journeys were like. I feel like Rogue was the game we should have received instead of Assassins Creed 3. Connors story was really just there to introduce us to Haytham, who was such a big influence on the way history transpired. Of course, the mechanics still leave a lot to be desired, but they are a whole hell of a lot better than 3 or Unity, for sure. The main, big target killing missions were more like freerun chase missions, but after thinking about it, Im not surprised. A rogue assassin that is attacking former allies that are also assassins...they all know tricks to elude fights.I was also happy with this game because it was more like going back to the roots of the Assassins Creed franchise...the story just felt more in line with things we hadnt seen since Altair, with our protagonist really questioning the things he was led so blindly to believe. Its been very interesting to see how the Templar and Assassin lines are developing, and with all the news that is being released in each game, it makes me think that a future installment will have a big twist with us having worked with the wrong side of the Assassain/Templar War.TLDR Rogue feels more like a game that was developed with the franchises roots in mind great story line, 9/10