Note I have 100 synchronization, I havent only completed the fleet missions and Abstergo ChallengesBut truth is, AC Rogue is AC4 Black Flag 1.5..WATCH OUT FOR SPOILERS Great Optimization, even in bigger battles it ran perfectly on my not that good laptop. Naval Gameplay/Combat, You cant possibly deny that AC has the best naval combat and I cannot understand why Ubisoft doesnt use this combat and even improving it in the next titles. Its been what? 2 Major Titles that have been released and absolute 0 naval gameplay.. The Story itself, the things that Shay must do, for his Templar Order, for believing that he is saving the world, killing his Best Mate Liam, his possible Romance interest Hope, Killing, Adewal... He embraces the Monster that he has become, The Supporting Band of Characters Haytham  Kenway, Gist, in the beginning Achillies, Liam and even de la Velendrye bantering and all. The Soundtrack was just...so good! Shanties, well sung great songs! Legendary Battles, They were just epic and fun to play. Gameplay was fun, still the same from AC3 and AC4 and easy aswell Every Location was different, where ever you go it is not the same. Even if its some remote island with one chest. The game links up well with Unity and to find out how they are connected, wow! References to previous characters, if you listen well enough e.g Haytham with Adewal before murdering Adewal. The Present Day Campaign wasnt bad, I started to like it since AC4  hacking different computers giving you interesting information. The Collectables were cool, the old stories, Juno babbling and the War Letters. The Story with so much potential was just too short in my opinion. The AI is still not so smart, but hey they can swim! The Hunting aspect was useless here, I mean come on, with the incomes I got, I was able to buy all charachter upgrades without a problem  hunting is a waste of time here the only time they got it right was in AC3 with the traps and lures No weapon variety, keeping it the same from Black Flag, Dual handed BUT this time you have a sword and dagger set, yay..........no one handed combat yeah you can pickup weapons but they are not permanent No underwater gameplay Overall 8/10I bought it for 12 Euros on sale, I dont regret it Updated for Steam Awards Task. 