Lets get the technical stuff out of the way first. This game is excellently optimized. Im running it in 1920x1080 on a Core2Quad Q9400  2.66 GHZ, 8 GB RAM and a GeForce GTX 650 1GB, and except for some of the post processing options e.g. volumetric fog turned off, everything is on high or normal and the game looks fantastic. Steady frame rates throughout, whether on land or at sea. A little frame drop happens after some bigger ship battles when a lot of smoke and fire have to be rendered during boarding operations, but its still perfectly playable at that point. A slight sluggishness feeling is the best way to describe it. You could try and tweak overall performance by lowering the resolution a little and then potentially add more effects to see how far you can push it, but thats personal preference. The game looks great regardless.Ubisoft! I was actually very pleasantly surprised.The controls are all fully remappable as well both on foot and for ship controls, so you can choose whatever you like at your hearts content. Considering this isnt an option at all in Assassins Creed Chronicles China at all, to me, thats a great plus.Storywise I cant really say too much just yet, Ive only scratched the surface will update this review when I know more, but so far its fun and the scenery is actually really, really beautiful. I suppose you could just blast through the storyline, but I actually enjoy just roaming around a little, procuring some resources for crafting and generally checking out the area.Bottom line Whether youre an AC veteran like myself and enjoyed the entire franchise so far, or whether youre new to the Assassins Creed games, this is one of the best installments of series, and if you want to give any game of the franchise a go without being too picky to play them in order important plot elements from past games are explained well enough for you not to miss out all too much, I would either go with this, or with Assassins Creed II.Having played this now for some time, I can definitely say this is as much fun as Black Flag. Its a bit more of a civilized and tactical warfare than the random privateering you get in Black Flag, but its definitely worth it. Id probably call Black Flag GTA IV where Rogue would be WatchDogs. Dont let that comparison frighten you though if you dont like either or one of the comparisons. Its a great game, you can manage a fleet, resources, follow the much more ontrack mission, or just freeroam for as long as you like. You definitely want to grab another hide for that pouch you always wanted. Despite the role change, Shay does grow on you, and the added possible attacks by your former brethren at any turn, definitely are a nice touch.