And now, a review of Assassins Creed Rogue.This one is hotly contested in the same review rank and weight as Assassins Creed Black Flag as both games have similar mechanics Albeit minor improvements in this title.As the spiritual successor to Black Flag, combat, game play, game length and the story transition smoothly into the next, and the room for character development and upgrades in this massive open world experience is plenty.NotesGraphics Sleek and beautiful. Runs much smoother than Black Flag on similar hardware as some Nvidia specific features such as PhysX are not present on this title. In the modern era, the games graphics will be well handled by a midrange rig, and a solid 60FPS gameplay experience is possible without any glitches.StoryThis game takes us on to the side of the templars, featuring legends such as Haytham Kenway, Shay Patrick Cormac, the great assassins Adewale, and a lot of other memorable characters. I would strongly advice any new player to grab copies of Assassins Creed III and Black Flag before diving into this game, and prerably play Assassins Creed Unity to get a feel of the whole story.Character development, the games length and the gameplay intertwine to create a stoey that tells of a man turned by guilt against his brethren to join the Templars, and in so doing becomes driven by purpose and principle, above all else. We see Shay Cormack transform into a lethal Assassin slayer, having to counter visages from his past life using the very skills they taught him. And your part in playing his memories through the Animus is to learn to couner attacks from assassins and to raid their camps. No small feat, and you will be absorbed over tens of hours exploring the open world here.Audio/ Sound work Excellently done. The music in this game is expertly composed, and the shanties are a timely and welcome addition to the deep, wellcrafted ingame environment. Also, quite memorable.The english speakers are quite fluent, and all in all, a high quality recreation of the characters they represent.Gameplay Reminiscent of Assassins Creed Black Flag, the action is split about 6535 land/sea in missions, and theres a ton of side activities, exploration, assassinations, and naval expeditions to execute in this exhilirating chapter of Assassins Creed. A slight drawback in my opinion is that combat , naval expeditions and assassinations feel a bit repetitive a common ailment of the franchise and not much innovation has been done to the aging combat system in this franchise. The new story arc does introduce new gameplay elements such as reverse boarding and an easier transition to legendary naval battles, and these are welcome improvements over Black Flags offerings.Online/ MultiplayerSelfdescriptive. Prepare to spend much of it on land, though. Take hints from the DLCs in that regard. Your mileage may vary, knowing how unreliable Uplays network connectivity can be.Im aware console gamers may have a better experience here compared to the PC version.Recommendations Buy this game in a steam sale, and do not purchase it as part of a Ubisoft bundle as it will cost you more. Buy it separately.Overall rating 10/10 , must  own If you liked Assassins Creed Black Flag.