Has the same semilinear sandbox of bits feel as the other AC games but the ship combat is simply not fun. I really hate having to grind through all of the ship combat just to get from A to B.I was relieved to arrive in New York and put all that identikit island grinding  behind me but no sooner had I landed then it became clear that most of New York is effectively levelgated and there is no way to earn the requisite powerup without progresssing the main plot.No surprise then that as soon as you land in New York you are whisked off to travel around the same set of identical islands again. Jeeeez.The naval battles pass the time but it remains a massive chore just to travel around the oceans, all those settlements look identical. A journey inland doesnt help and the natural environment is irritatingly inconsistent compared to the towns can I climb a 100 ft sheer cliff face? yes, as long as there are white marks on the rock. Can I climb a boulder as high as my shoulder? No! Thats a natural obstacle.  The islands are not freeroam paradises, the islands and settlements are simple mazes with one of two fixed routes through them. Its galling that the series still does this with everything outside cities.The NPCs also fare worse than preceeding installments with Benjamin Franklin somehow assuming a prime role yet doing absolutely nothing of value and voiceacted as an irritatingly bumbling fool. If I could I would stab him myself.  The rest of the cast are unfortunately an array of cardboard cutout villians with good sides that our hero finds out about.The plot is even worse than AC 3 with a meandering campaign chasing after artifacts that noone seems to know about and pitched so badly that the player is inclined to skip cutscenes. Compared to Unity and to a lesser extent, Syndicate, this really is terrible waffle and unfortunately you are made to spend too much time listening to it. There are numerous points when you are made to get out of the Animus and carry key A to room A and key B to room B on some pretext of fixing a corrupted computer system.Buy when on sale, avoid otherwise. New York is fun, the main plot is poor.