Honestly, using AC III  IV  icebergs to sum up Rogue is not patronising, at all. Alternatively, as many have already put it in various reviews, Black Flag 1.5 is also a good alternative name for this entry of the Assassins Creed series. Or, the way I call it, it is Black Flag Winter Edition which should be considered an expansion  if you remember this fancy word from before the introduction of DLCs and Season Passes. An expansion pack always upped the ante of the original game by adding new stuff and a bit of a higher difficulty level but  ultimately  a shorter story to complete.Now, the above means that if you really want to play something new  i.e. have the next generation Assassins Creed experience  you have to skip this one and move to Unity where you have the nextgen graphics and the new characteristics such as new gameplay elements and a completely new storyline in a new setting. However, do bear in mind that if you do so, youll leave two of the greatest assets of the AC series so far behind1 a memorable protagonist who  unlike his predecessors before  joins the templars and kills assassins2 the naval combat that was first introduced in AC III but we saw its full potential only in Black FlagNow, Shay Cormacs story is  for me  very interesting from start to finish. The reason why he leaves the assassins and joins the templars made sense and I found it intriguing. And no, he doesnt just make up his mind and by joining the templars does not start desperately searching for his old pals from the brotherhood to eliminate them once and for all. It is a little bit more complicated than that  all the more reason to believe the assassins and templars ongoing neverending conflict cannot be described as the story of Good vs Evil, Yin and Yang, etc. Shays story is worth seeing it through till the very end.Gameplaywise, at one point when you turn and join the templars strolling in various settlements becomes even more exciting  you are hunted by assassins! The hay cart, for instance, your favourite spot for hiding, can now be occupied by assassins who are constantly looking for hurting you. You will not get desynced immediately if you fail to notice them in time but their one stab can significantly reduce your health. Your Eagle Vision helps you notice them from afar and when the vision is turned on you have the same compass helping you locate them than the one you used in the competitive multiplayer mode which is now completely missing from this instalment.Too bad the game is ridiculously easy this time. With all the easy counter system and the sleeping / berserk darts it was already very easy, however, Shay now is in possession of a grenade launcher. While two of its firing modes basically mean the same sleeping / berserk dart solution but with area effect, an exploding grenade as the last resort is also available for you. AC couldnt have gotten any more steampunk, right?Theres also an interesting activity / side mission type labelled assassin interception you first find their target then within the allotted time you need to find all assassins. This search mainly goes for the bonus  if you are unsuccessful the wouldbe victim will start their walk towards their destination and while along the way you can still protect the person  youll just have a more challenging time.The rest is pretty much the same. In fact, the creators desperately tried to introduce new stuff such as the destructible icebergs during naval battles that can harm other mainly smaller ships. Or the new narwal whale whose tusk is a must to craft some pretty nifty outfits / upgrades to your inventory. Since the North Atlantic map is constantly giving you the winter season its better to remember not to swim for long as Shay can freeze to death! Also, the penguin effect looks great!About maps comparing the game to AC III is obvious once Shay sets foot in New York. And while we  again  have two maps with lots of water only one of them focuses on the ocean. The socalled River Valley has  well  a valley with long canals and many small settlements and the area is full of hills and mountains.So, is Rogue worth the purchase? Yes, 3 new maps accompanied by a new story and so far  arguably  with the most interesting protagonist this time. Once again the open world is quite big with dozens of collectible items and to have everything found and obtain almost all achievements it took me 60 hours. Not bad for an expansion, right? It nicely connects some dots  references can be found to AC III, IV as well as for Unity.So, no negatives then? A musthave in the franchise? While Shays story feels unique it is much shorter. We have half of the memory sequences now compared to previous entries in the series. Make no mistake the game has its applicable pace to tell the story not rushed, at all but since there are so many collectibles I would have expected the same amount of main missions, too, for accompaniment purposes. Theres nothing really new here beside the story. Some new side missions / activities and what the winter season can add to the gameplay. It is not necessarily bad but since everything is more of the same the annoying stuff remains, too the occasionally annoying target selection during naval battles when you board a ship and the too easy gameplay  theres next to no challenge once Shay gets his hands on the grenade launcher.Rogue is a must have for all AC fans! The rest of you can just decide based on above review or by reading some more  after all, while I consider this more of an expansion its price tag could be a bit lower due to the same.