Played this alot on my ps3. I can say if you have a good computer like i do it will run twice as well and smooth. Looks amazing, i love the controls as well. I think you can use a controller although i prefer not toNow onto the actual story and gameplayStory is short but good, predictable, slightly paper thin. When you are in the moment its great but after story it seems pretty bland, but still good.A good amount of content, especially if you get the DLC. Although I will say if you play this game and only this game for like 6 or so hours a day for a few weeks you will 100 percent this game aside from optional objectives during story, that may take longer I bought this on thursday, made this review monday and im almost done with my ship and did the story in  2 days. Its very fun with alot of replay value. Not a game you may spend hundreds hours on, but for sure a good buy.Soundtrack and art style is AMAZING. feel totally submersed. This game is great, of course with the next games i expect a step up and it will be awesome. This is what AC should be, not too much BS and a lot of fun. Very few issues. Great gameI got the deluxe on sale, as much as i love the game it isnt worth full price.A few cons aside from full price is bugs, i get a good amount of bugs. Some are really funny, a few made me have to restart a level but nothing over the top. But something to note. During story when im on my boat, when there is someone on either side of me talking i have to put both ear buds in to hear them. If you play the game with one earbud in, you wont hear full dialogue.I do have 3 gameplay issues that i really hate, 1 is boat stealth missions. AC4 had it worse but this game still has it, it makes no sense to have a boat stealth mission. 2, i really REALLY hate the Abstergo part, were you leave the animus to fix servers and Takes away from the game i really hate it. Unity didnt have it i think, and unity also got alot of customization that rogue didnt. My final complaint and maybe my biggest is for some reason the enemy AI is incredibly high. They can detect i stabbed someone from across a map? THROUGH WALLS? they seem to know everything i do and i didnt have this issue on my ps3.I would suggest this and any other AC game aside from Unity becuase it was a terrible game to anyone else out there. Well Black Flag is basically a watery version of this, but still a fun story to go through. solid 8/10 gameNote i think ubisoft needs to not churn out 2 games a year, focus on 1 and 1 alone. Please. Secondly, for the love of all that is sacred and holy REMOVE THE ABSTERGO MISSIONS. The ones were you exit the Animus to go fix servers or whatever Let me be clear NO ONE ENJOYS IT. Sure its neat and interesting, but i still hate doing it. Everytime it would come up when i played on my ps3 i would shut if off and go play ac4 or ac3. It takes away from the gameplay