I wish developers would start including an option to turn off your characters pornographic grunting whenever they jump or get hit by someone because for some reason in Rogue it really got on my nerves... to the point that I quit several times solely because I was sick of hearing HURRGH, AAAUGH over and over when I stepped off of a knee high crate.Out of the two Assassins Creed games that came out back to back Rogue and Unity anyone with sense will agree that Rogue is the better one. I mean Unity isnt even in the same ball park. The first hour or two I spent playing this game I kept thinking to myself So... this is basically just an expansion for Black Flag... because a lot of the mechanics and assets will feel the same. HOWEVER once you finish the first couple of sequences the game changes dramatically and you can tell they put a lot of work into the world and plot. That isnt to say the first few sequences were boring in any way they had everything I loved about Black Flag... hopping from island to island with naval battles in between, upgrading your ship to become an unstoppable killing machine, hunting, crafting, harpooning, etc. Its all there. Its just that after the first few sequences the game is suddenly like oh you thought that was the game? Check this out...I wont spoil any of the added content and mechanics as this is a review and not a Ubisoft praisefest I mean lets face it Ubisoft is one of the worst publishers out there when it comes to customer service and ethics.PROSIt has everything that made Black Flag so great. They took a if it aint broke dont fix it approach to the core mechanics that I wish a lot more developers would do.The same interesting plot and setting that weve come to expect from Assassins Creed games. This one is set in between Black Flag and 3, I believe.Tons of collectibles that actually give you something in the game. I remember a big complaint with Black Flag was that the animus fragments didnt do anything. Now they do kinda.CONSThat grunting whenever you jump or get hit. Not only does it not match your characters voice whatsoever... its REALLY ANNOYING. I dont normally flip out that much about it but its BAD and overused in this game.Ill have to go back and check Black Flag and 3 but the cut scenes in this game seem really poorly animated.Those AC controls. Never before have I loved a series so much and hated actually playing it so much. Oh you wanted to jump onto that tree branch to pick up the animus fragment? Nah youre going in the river in which you cant jump out of unless you swim 300 meters downstream so you can walk all the way back and try again. Oh you wanted to synchronize that viewpoint? No youre jumping off the roof and dying.Only two pistols this time around? I understand not making every character the same but Jesus combat is hard enough when youre moving the camera angle all over the freaking place.Nitpicking here but come on guys why cant we fast travel to our ship when its docked? They did add more rowboats and another way to get back to your ship, I  will give them that. Just seems like a lot of extra work when all they had to do was give you the ability to fast travel.Oh and by the way Unless youre a completionist, skip the Assassin Interception missions. They are the most horribly executed missions Ive ever played.