The naval portion ofwas an integral part of the game itself. Without sailing about in a pirate ship, exploring all the little islands and villages in the West Indies and boarding and capturing every enemy ship out of sheer malice, youd just havebut with actual characters. As such,s setting was also tied directly to the core of what the game was. So heres a fun question how could you do a quick, cheap reskin ofin a different setting without making the naval component seem utterly redundant? Ubisoft Sofia has the answer with, a project dumped on them by the big boys in Montreal who were busy working on thethat the actual effort went into in 2014,. While technically a good way of ensuring you get a metric ton of money from every source possible, the result is a game which has a lot of trouble actually using its engine to the fullest capability. For starters, were in the French and Indian War of the late 1750s, mostly in the area surrounding New York. If youre thinking that prerevolutionary New York must be a godawful setting for astyle open world, youd be right, which is why its a good thing were also given a largely irrelevant section of the North Atlantic to sail around in seriously, you go here like twice for story missions and thats it. While colder than the Caribbean sea, the North Atlantic doesnt offer any incentive to explore unless you really like sheets of ice and walking around the same shipwreck over and over. For the most part the story keeps us in the Hudson River valley, and if that also seems like a pretty  setting for astyle open world, its because it is. The valleys layout means youll be spending half your time checking the world map for the correct war through this labyrinthine river to your next objective and the other half trying to turn the ing boat around. Yes,s open world is much morethan, meaning the open world is more to introduce a commute between missions than any form of enhancement.Awful, shoehorned open world design aside,puts us once again in the shoes of a modernday office worker employed at Abstergo Entertainment, who we know as a front for the descendants of the Knights Templar. The game, however, treats this as a big plot twist. Seriously, the twist at the end is that Abstergo is run by Templars, and I dont feel bad spoiling this because its less of a twist and more the concept for the ing game. Anyway the Abstergo building is the same one fromexcept this time a virus found in the memories of the IrishAmerican assassin Shay Cormac has corrupted all the servers and the place has been evacuated, probably to save money on ambient voice acting. Naturally were mandated by a big angry man and his 90s sidekick to keep digging through Shays memories to find something we arent told what until the end and thus we get to the actual game part of the ing game. An angsty, obnoxious man with equally annoying facial hair, Shay spends the early sequences aiding the Assassinallied French against the British and assassinating some Templars on the side in order to steal the Voynich manuscript its equally indecipherable and useless here as it is in real life. Shay goes about his duties with a bad attitude and some unfunny remarks until an expedition to Portugal accidentally causes the 1755 Lisbon earthquake, practically levelling the city and trivialising the millions of lives historically lost. Shay is naturally furious at his boss for this incident he could have had no way of predicting and turns against the Assassins. Before long hes picked up by the Templars and their fantastic recruiting department and were back to doing exactly the same stuff we were doing before but without a hood. From this point on its basically Ubisoft circlejerking over their last few games, with prominent appearances from Haytham Kenway the only actual character from, Adwal fromand Achilles, the cranky old guy from, here seemingly played by Lando from The Empire Strikes Back. If this is enough to get you excited I would suggest suppressing that excitement, because none of these characters do anything significant besides simply appearing. There are also smaller cameos, like that of James Cook still too long of a cameo, George Washington REMEMBER HIM FROMGUYS? REMEMBER and Benjamin Franklin, who sometimes pops up to massively propel the plot and then disappears again he accidentally starts the French Revolution in this.Youll often hearcited as the beststory, which is partially true. It does some things differently, and its nice to see even a minor shift in the good vs. evil narrative that Ubisoft wont stop spinning. Its just too bad that without the fan service,s story is running in place narrative that the franchise keeps doing. We stab a few baddies, the twist is they were our friends all along, and the biggest surprise youre going to get is how much youll be hanging around poisonous gas. Seriously, between the grenade launcher that shoots gas bombs and the whole level where youre chasing a lady who keeps dropping gas poetic, I know you can really tell the developers were starved for something new to put in. Theres a lot to rag onfor, but it did do some fun things. Walking through New York City youll sometimes be ambushed by Assassins trying to get the jump on you, either by hiding in haystacks and bushes or just jumping on you from a roof. The gang outposts you can raid throughout the world are fun too, especially when the gang leader is always a highlytrained Assassin who have to first find and then kill. The leaders always have a bunch of different tools that make them actually fun to fight and lend a flavour of difficulty to a game thats otherwise never challenging on a meaningful level.is, however, way too conservative with these guys, and once youve cleared all the outposts they dont come back, and neither will any motivation you had to be in New York. In generalreally does just fail to take off. Its essentially a very short, linear game with an open world built around it that doesnt matter or influence it in any way. Same story, same gameplay, but this time theres no reason to get invested in any of it. 