Previous to AC Rogue, I have finished only AC Black Flag and enjoyed it immensely. As a result of that title, I bought several other AC games, including Syndicate, AC II, as well as AC Rogue. I tried to play AC II first as it was perhaps the most acclaimed AC title there is, but found the control rather clunky without a controller also in part due to my getting used to playing Black Flag in my 40hr playthrough. Consequently, I turned to Rogue. In this short review, I will discuss what I think of Rogue over its Worldbuilding effort and its narrative.Rogue, in many senses, is very similar to black flag. However, as a standalone title, I found AC Rogue rather disappointing in comparison to Black Flag. The world that Rogue renders is fragmented and lacks the depth that an openworld game should have. The entire world map is divided into 3 sections, one for the River Valey, one for New York, and another for the Atlantic and the player is forced to travel through way points between these different mini worlds. The seafaring that Black Flag was known for becomes almost a nuisance as player often time is forced through narrow channels of water, having to navigate through icerbergs and reefs for no good reason. The only feature that I can applaud was its effort in creating a sense of historicity as along the River Valley there scattered many British/French settlements, yet even these seem to suffer from a gross, generic, simplification. All of the settlements are mere side missions with no real consequences in which the Templars can help the British army to get rid of the French Gangsters. There doesnt seem to be any real historicity built in, while the repetitive form that it presents itself actually undermines the immersive nature of the story. Most of these sites of interest remains unvisited after Ive completed the entire game, while the game doesnt seem to provide any real incentive for the player to visit them anyway. The only benefit for the player in completing these side quests are a measely sum of reward that can easily be gained through other revenue and some collectibles, useful only if you are aiming to get an 100 completion. They are just there to fill the empty space on the map so that the title can hide its linear structure under the openworld catergory. Despite all these, I do wish to acknowledge that the devs did a great job in recreating models for cities such as the historical New York and Lisbon. The visuals were absolutely stunning, although they suffer the same lack of depths.The storytelling of Rogue are perhaps even more lackluster In short, it doesnt make any fing sense. The idea behind the story is brilliant! Its basically trying to break from the Genres single view point of the assassins and have a fresh take of the Templars perspective, yet the execution of this idea can only be said to be subpar at best. I understand that a major constraint to the storytelling might very well be the length of the game   in a mere 15hr game, one has to expound on the dynamic between ideas such as order and freedom while conveying it through the life story of Cormac, the assassinturnedrogue. Yet the entire story just came out as utter nonsense, failed in both its intricacy and its consistency. There are way too many loopholes in the story, and the gameplay around the story just came off as lazy. The entire political dynamic between the Templar and the Assassin are simplified as such the Templars are connections with British army whom, mind you, will still come after you even if you are doing their Colonels bidding, and the Assassins are basically French Gangster that terrorize local citizens for godknowswhat reasons, despite the fact that both organizations are by nature GLOBAL. The Templars depicted in the game are no Templars from AC Black flag, whom supposedly controls all levels of the government in secret. They really are just batmans, whom try to fight lowlifes that hides in bushes. Accompanying this confusing dynamic between the Templar and the Assassins were extremely unsatisfying filler quests, such as the like of thisBenjamin Franklins Lightning Rod got confiscated by the British Army, go and steal it back so he can perform scientific magic over this ancient artifact!The next paragraph contains minor spoiler for the story, albeit a pretty darn bad storyThe centerpiece of the story is the transformation of Master Cormac, and this transformation is done terribly, in an extremely inconsistent manner. We learnt from the start of the game that Cormac was a great guy that most people in the Assassins group like. He respects his mentor, although he doesnt quite like one of the older assassins. The reason that he left Assassin is therefore not personal not because of any grudges towards any specific individual, but rather, due to his particular notions of ethics. He found it despicable to assassinate an old man who cannot fight back, although this old man supposedly wishes to change/destroy the known world. Once he found out that the Assassins were responsible for the destruction of 2 cities due to their ignorance of the power of the artifacts, he practically flipped out with his mentor and decided to take the matter into his own hand to steal the map and destroy it, instead of trying to reason with the persons that supposedly he trusted the most. A characteristic that we see from Cormac during this period is that he doesnt take authority kindly, whether it is from the old, reverend Assassin or his mentor yet after his becoming a Templar, he seems to have absolutely no qualms with taking orders from anyone. The transformation from an assassin to a templar happens when Cormac believed that the templars saved his life and thus becomes his friend while the assassins betrayed him noted this is completely personal, instead of the moralistic I am doing what is right and I am saving the world reason. We also never really see the true idea behind the Templars cuase, as it is always in the form of the Assassins are bad bad people, and they are wrong.So the picture painted here is one of mixed signals on the one hand, Cormac loved his assassins friends and broke off due to moral commitment of not killing innoncent citizens on the other hand, we never really see moral commitment of the Templars except perhaps the one moment of lets take care of the thugs that threatens the local villagers!, instead we see a wierd friendship between the templar Colonel and strayed assassin, a friendship thats almost miraculous. The supposedly spirited, moralistic assassin Cormac, when turned into a Templar, is also somehow perfectly Okay with sacking French Colonies and stealing from the treasury not to mention all those other atrocities that a player might commit. These wierd inconsistencies, coupled with the generic assassins creed quests made the game a lot less convincing than it could have been.I will not recommend the game on the ground of its story. It really should have taken the form of a Black Flag dlc, but as the matter stands, buy it if you just want another 15 hour or so of Black Flag experience.I rate it 6/10. Decent gameplay, subpar story.