Initial feelingsWhile I have only just started playing it, I can safely say that this is the best optimization that I have seen on a Ubisoft game. I am playing this on a laptop with a GeForce 860M and I am maintaining a very steady 60fps on High/meduim graphics with 1080 resolution. As of now the story is pretty great, especially if you played the other AC games. There are cameos of a bunch of old characters like Adewale and Achilles. So far, the game is shaping up to be pretty awesome. So, if you like AC games especially AC 4 Black Flag, then you shoud definately keep your eye on this game. It shows promise for better obtimization from Ubisoft in the future. . . hopefully lolEditUpon playing more of Rogue I have come across a few issues that I think I should address. All of these have only happened once, so dont panic. I got stuck in a loading screen when transitioning between to areas it just did not finish loading  it sounded like it did but I had to restart the game to fix it. I also loaded in once and could not move. This one might just be a problem with my laptop, but if not I thought I should mention it.Nevertheless, the story is even more intriguing as it progresses and the gameplay, though mostly the same as Black Flags, has its own elements that make it stand out as its own game i.e. avoiding assassins trying to assassinate you, etc...EditI just wanted to mention that I did bring my graphics up a bit and I still maintain about 60 fps once in a while it drops to 50, but that is during really intense battles. But there was one time during the story when I was taking down a manowar that my fps dropped to like 35ish, not unplayable but definately noticeable. Besides this, the story is coming along nicely, and I am curious to see how it will end.Story CompletionI have to say that this is an overall good game. I did experience a few bugs, all of which are mentioned above, but only a few. The story did feel a little on the short side compared to Black Flag, but it was still a decent length about 9ish hours Id say. Shay is a cool character and this game really ties all of the other ones together even Liberation. It is fun and a great addition to the AC series.