At first, I decided to skip over Rogue, assuming it was Black Flag DLC made full price, after the horrible aftermath of what was AC Unity. I can not have imagined, nor believed what I was missing, until I have watched the final cutscene, at 4 in the morning, unable to stop playing until I saw it. Rogue to me, very simply put, is extremely surprising. Not since Ezio could I enjoy a playable character quite like Shay Patrick Cormac. A man simply seeking to do the right thing from the start until the end. After experiencing a very traumatic event done by his own hand, he turned his back on the Assassin Brotherhood, blaming his mentor, a young Achillies Davenport From AC3 for what transpired. For attempting to conspire against them, they attempted to kill Shay, who was rescued hours before his certain demise by the Templar Order. The very same Order you spend game after game, hour after hour, fighting against. Rogue is the first and maybe only Assassins Creed game where you play on the other side. You see first hand how their methods of achieving peace and order are similar and different to the Assassins. The gameplay is very similar to Black Flag, with the ship almost being the CoStar of the game as it was previously, except you have allies in the waters alongside for once. You are helping the British fight the French in the Seven Years War, and this makes for very interesting storytelling all the same. Luckily the story is mainly set on land, for those who loathe endless upon endless of sea missions, and do not feel as boring and repetitive as the previous installments. The story is shorter than I hoped for, but if it was 100 hours long and had over 30 sequences, I wouldve still called it short, as in my opinion I greatly enjoyed the life of Shay, but collectibles are plentiful, and side missions are far from scarce. If you are a fan like I am of AC, do not feel the way I did, that this game could be looked over, that this was just another cash in for what Black Flag was. It is what Black Flag should have been, only with a Templar at the helm. There are new weapons, new mechanics, and new types of enemies, ones that even attempt to assassinate you. This is not a DLC, this should be considered like Brotherhood or Revelations, where one connects to the other, as this game connects Assassins Creed 3 by the beginning, to Assassins Creed Unity by the end. Shays journey shouldnt be ignored, and I apologize for waiting this long to experience it. He will always be as from this moment on, my favorite Templar.