Did you Like Assassins Creed IV Black Flag?If so, then youll like Assassins Creed Rogue.Rogue is pretty much everything Black Flag had, but with more. In a way, it is the AC Brotherhood to Black Flags AC II. It kind of almost has too much to do in it, really, as I just beat it after spending a lot of time doing side activities and I still finished with quite a lot of stuff left over to do and about a 76 completion rating. Hell, half of New York isnt even used in the game but you can still explore it, collect items, and complete side activities there. Speaking of which, this game is pretty huge. Theres tons of land to explore across multiple different maps, with smaller storyrelated locations, too. Much like Black Flag this game is a damn fine pirate simulator, with a lot of ship sailing, plundering, and ship combat. While it doesnt look as nice as Black Flag, for a lastgen game it comes pretty damn close and looks great. The soundtrack is also really well done with some really good voice acting, too.Your enjoyment of the story depends on how much of a fan you are of the series as a whole, but this is a direct sequel to Black Flag, so even if you only played that game there is a lot to enjoy about this game and how it relates to the events that unfolded during Black Flag. Even better, if you played AC III it ties very heavily into the story of that game, as well, and leads directly into the events that will unfold in AC Unity. Plus, if you complete side activities there are a ton of little bits and pieces that talk about the events of prior AC games as well as providing introductions to characters of future AC games such as the trilogy of AC Chronicles games, Unity and Syndicate. The whole game feels like a love letter to fans of the series, so if youve stuck with it for this long then youll be handsomely rewarded for your time invested.It plays like an Assassins Creed game through and through, though, so for some people out there this game still wont do anything to convert them. For others, though, such as fans of the series or even people that only played Black Flag or either avoided Unity or were disappointed by it, this is a really solid game. As an added bonus it is also nicely optimized. I played on an AMD FX4350 CPU, Radeon R9 270 GPU, along with 16 GB of DDR3 SDRAM with maxedout settings across the board and I had a solid 60 FPS from start to finish. I could barely maintain 30 FPS on AC III and that wasnt even maxed out, so this was a really pleasant surprise.Highly recommended for AC and/or Black Flag fans.