WOW! there is absolutely no other words to describe this game it is fantastic!. The story is set in the mid18th century during the Seven Years War, and follows the story of Shay Patrick Cormac, an Assassin turned Templar. Gameplay in Rogue is very similar to AC Black Flag with mixtures of shipbased naval exploration and thirdperson landbased exploration with loads of new features added. Naval aspects from the previous games will return with you controlling Shays ship, Morrgan.A New feature include new shipbased weapons including releasing an oil slick which can then be ignited, Puckle guns, and the ability for enemies to board Morrgan during ship to ship combat. The arctic environment also features into naval gameplay and exploration, as certain icebergs can be rammed with an icebreaker. In combat, the game introduces a air rifle, which now allows Shay to silently take out enemies at a distance. The air rifle can be outfitted with a variety off different projectiles, such as firecrackers.Also you can use a grenade launcher, which fires shrapnel grenades and berserks. Handtohand combat has been slightly altered, now the enemy attacks also can be countered with timing, similar to the Batman Arkham game franchise. Enemy Assassins feature archetypes similar to previous games, using the skills you used throughout the series they can hide in the bushes, blend in with crowds, and perform air attacks against you. The poison gas can now be used as an environmental weapon, and now Shay also has a gas mask that can mitigate its effects.Reflecting on Shays role as a Templar, the game now introduces a new side mission Assassin Interception.They mirror the Assassination side missions in previous games. After you intercepted a messenger pigeon that is carrying a assassination contract. He must prevent Templar agents from being assassinated by finding and killing Assassins hidden nearby.I would give Assassins Creed Rogue an overall rating of 10/10 stars. The PC port is very well done with no FPS or any kind of other issues. This is definitely a MUST buy for fans because Im just absolutely without a doubt 100 sure that Assassins Creed Rogue will not disappoint at all!. 