Assassins Creed Rogue was overshadowed by Unity, but for many its a better game not only because Unity was a disappointment, but also because Rogue walked on familiar ground, even at the expense of ultimately being a recycled mixup of Assassinss Creed III and IV Black Flag. Mainly, the naval combat of IV is here in full gear, even improving it a bit. And the overall setting and locations are inspired on III. Let me clarify. In this game, theres 3 main locations. First, theres the icy North Atlantic, which is your main playground for the excellent naval combat. Theres an open sea with plenty of icebergs, and winter locations to explore. Secondly, theres the River Valley, where despite the ability to travel with your ship, naval combat is almost nonexistent. Instead this area is reminiscent of the frontier in III, with more locations to explore and in bigger forest areas. And lastly, theres the city of New York. However, it doesnt feel like a ripoff of IIIs New York, and i think this New York is more cohesive. However, there isnt much to do in here, besides some missions and collectibles. So, theres a place for naval combat, a forest place and a city place. And this game doesnt need more than that. The gameplay is what youd expect, but the developers added some new things. For example, this time your ship can also be boarded by the enemy, and youll be hunted by assassins. And speaking of which, the story is really good, with an interesting main character and with new and returning side characters. Youll have a better experience if you have played the previous titles. But the story is a bit short, unfortunately. To 100 the game, theres a lot of collectibles scattered around, and itll get repetitive after a while. The soundtrack is also decent. The graphics show some age today, but they are good considering that this was a 7th generation game. In the end, this game is a great choice if you want more of the amazing naval combat, even if its mostly more of the same. Because even with the added content, you wont like this game if you dont like the franchise. But still, a surprisingly good game nonetheless. 