So far I love the game. The characters are so fresh and interesting and Shay is portrayed really well so far. I have now played 4.2 hours an definetely feel that sam addicting vibe I had from ACIVThe mechanics are familiar to anyone who played Assassins Creed IV Black Flag. The best way to describe it it going in methodical, but also quick so as to get 100 on missions. So far only playing as an assassin is identical to Edward Kenway in Black Flag as you start off with dual weapons, a sword and knife, but new animations are nice and its cool to see Shay fight with the smaller weapon. The parkour/movement is next to perfect as youll occassionally wonder if you can climb some rocks or materials or simply take a few tries to climb trees or builidings. The naval battles come back again and are as fun as ever with the 4 direction shooting system being directly taken from Black Flag, which I thought did much better than Assassins Creed III. Long story short If you loved Assassins Creed Black Flag gameplay combt and movement wise, youll love this game as wellThe air rifle is pretty hany and I feel really cool to have. I just started getting into the Assassin hunting mechanics which are actually really fun. If you played the Assassins Creed Multiplayer portion, you will feel at home as you have a compass whenever you are going up against assassins in which the compass will start to fill up whenevr you are close to an Assassin. You also however can be stalked by the assassins and actually do have to pay attention more than usual.So if you read in the community hub, you can see that a lot of people are reporting on great optimization. That may or may not be true however. This game looks nice but is hardly current gen graphics. The graphics are definitely not as high quality as Black Flag and may be in between or on par with Assassins Creed III. The hair and textures do not look very realistic at all and detract if you look long enough at them, although you really only notice this during cutscenes. Another major complaint is the lack of antialiasing options as Ubisoft only gave FXAA, despite having MSAA and TXAA in both Assassins Creed Unity and in Black Flag. While the game does run nicely, I would appreciate it if I could make lines less jaggy with better AA tools. Character Animations are smooth and cool to watch as you get to watch and appreciate how Assassins move and kill in this game more than before. Another big selling point about this game is again how little hardware it takes to run as I can max it out on my laptop which as an intel i74710hq  2.5ghz 3.5 turboboost and an GTX 860m 2gb graphics card.A great addition to the game is the music, as I loved Black Flag and Assassins Creed IIs soundtracks. The only bad thing Ive heard music wise is just recycled sea shanties from Black Flag. I found it so great that they made a new updated version of the Assassins Creed II song Ezios Family btw one of my fav songs from that game for the title sreens and it sounds great. I also just like listening to the background music while playing, osmething I did not really remember or enjoy from both Assassins Creed Unity and Assassins Creed III.Overall I would recommend getting this game for now as it definitely is polished for PC and I have had no bugs yet. The voice acting is great and the characters arent simply cutouts or meaningless cameos. The gameplay is as tight and fluid as ACIV but for sure not as pretty looking as ACIV. You also should not have any trouble running this game as it works well and is easily maxed.I just finished the assassin part of th story and wow, it was amazing. I felt real emotion and understanding towards Shay and really am excited for my days as a Templar.