I am a bit torn here. For the most part, this is an enjoyable AC. Gameplay is extremely similar to Black Flag, which on the one hand is fine, as Black Flag was great, but on the other hand it does feel like a repeat.The main distinguishing feature is that your assassin switches sides to the Templars, so you get to see things from their perspective. While the idea is cool and they actually give the protagonist a good motivation to abandon his original cause, it just doesnt make much of a difference. Youre still doing the same stuff, and youre still playing a likable character with strong morals. The only real differences are that you now occassionally get ambushed by assassins, and that there is a side activity where you try to prevent a target from getting assassinated.Story wise, the game ties AC 3, Black Flag including Freedom Cry, and Unity together. You get to see some familiar places and faces, which is cool.On to the bad stuff.The game has serious quality control issues. This is absolutely disgraceful for a major company like Ubisoft. The game crashed to desktop every 15 minutes on my Windows 10 machine. This turned out to be a known issue that Ubisoft just cant be bothered to fix. A workaround that the community found is to disable the TabletInputService service. No thanks to Ubi for that one, but it does work. Ive had to restart one mission 6 times because a target kept spawning into the ocean. Ive had a checkpoint respawn me in a completely different location, requiring me to travel all across the world map to get back to the mission. Ive had autotravel permanently disabled. Ive had combat animations triggered without an opponent. Etc. Apart from the crash to desktop none of these were game breaking, but they shouldnt exist in a 2.5 year old title from a major company.Otherwise its mainly the same old annoyances that were familiar with from other ACs. Abstergo segments that nobody cares about. Lots of pointless collectables. Lots of puzzles that require no thought, but do take up time. Free running controls that occasionally make you jump into an abyss, or climb a random object, even though you clearly didnt want that.A final annoyance is that after the main mission, you are forced to sit through the entire credits sequence, with no possibility to skip. And Ubi credits are always insanely long. Hope you want to know the names of the HR manager of Ubisoft Bucharest, the Associate Manager, Shopper Marketing, and Director, Security  Risk Management, because you will have 18 minutes and 27 seconds of that kind of nonsense to look at.In conclusion, AC Rogue is a pretty good AC, but its very similar to Black Flag, and Ubisoft really doesnt care about customer experience. 