At this moment, 89 of Steam players are recommending this game..Im sorry, but I cannot agree with them..The game as itself is great a very fun game, nice character, nice implementation with the other Assassins Creed games, good story.. If you liked Black Flag, youll like this too, its very similar.. They made some improvements in the gameplay that are really good.. Then, why do I not recommend this game?I was really looking forward to this game, to try what it would mean to be a Templar.. Unfortunately, you cant, because after, what, 78 games where the Assassins were the good guys and the Templar the bad ones, Ubisoft decided to change that.. If you dont watch the cutscenes, youll feel like an Assassin fighting against Templars, where it should be the opposite..Let me say why I feel this way..For 8 games, the Templars have always had the advantage, right? Even in the present, they have the advantage.. Well, in this game, Ubisoft decided that Assassins should have the advantage.. Theyve gangs set up in every city, with headquarters, leaders and power, while the Templars, that ALWAYS had the advantage, even from the crusades, now are nothing more than a bunch of 34 guys that fight against the control of the Assassins.. In 8 games, it has always been the opposite..Anyway, if this reasons not enough for you, theres another one..Templars are the bad guys, right? They want to control the world, they want to put everyone at their feet, right?No. Wrong! In this game, the Templars are the one who want to see the colonies become a place of prosperity and freedom.. Im non exaggerating, those are the exact words of one of the Templars General.. And the Assassins? The Assassins are the evil gang that, in a mission, create poisonous gases to use against innocent citizens.. INNOCENT CITIZENS.. And you, a Templar, stop them and save the city.. Oh, and dont we forget about the part where the Assassins nearly destroy the world for error, and whos there to stop them again? Oh, right.. You, a TEMPLAR!Cmon Ubisoft, are you freaking kidding me? ? 