This is one of the best Assassins Creed titles in existence. Its not like Unity where its a very dragged out story just to make it seem like it was worth your money. I will be honest when I first bought this game for 59.99 USD, I felt it was a tad bit overpriced. Felt like it should have 49.99 at the most, mainly because it is not as large as Assassins Creed IV, but I got over it rather quick.In this game you follow the path of Shay Patrick Cormac, an Assassin living in the times shortly before Connor enters the scene, but well after Edward Kenway leaves the scene and is long dead while his son Haytham searches the Colonies for the Grand Temple. Shay is sent on a mission these are spoilers but it happens within the first hour of the game, and is the base plot to Lisbon, where he is to look at a Selsmic Piece of Eden, which is commonly just called a Seed of Eden or a Tree of Eden. These pieces of eden have the power, when removed from their place, to make whatever location is holding up to instantaneous collapse itself and selfdestruct.Shay journeys on this mission to Lisbon and heads underneath a temple in the Carmo Convent. Shay, unknowing of what the result would be, touches the SPOE, and unintentionally causes the 1755 Lisbon Earthquake/Tsunami Disaster, causing the city to fall on All Saints Day. Shay, rightfullyoff, heads back to his Assassin HQ to tell his mentor, Achilles Davenport the mentor of Connor from AC3 who is younger now what happened. Achilles does not listen and plans to go to the other three temples contain a SPOE.And so, Shay goesfrom the Assassins, wanting to join the Templars and stop them from accidentally destroying more cities. This is the basic plot of the game, and in my opinion, one of the best. The entire story keeps me hooked and it ends perfectly, The game is roughly about 6 sequences, which is perfect. It was a short game but in a good way.If you liked Assassins Creed II, Brotherhood, IV, and somewhat III, this is perfect for you and makes up for the disappointing Unity.I rate this game a 9/10, and think IGNs review is bologna. This is easily one of the best, if not the best story in the Assassins Creed franchise. 