This game is really bad, but it does have some redeeming qualities, but all of them are found in black flag. Ill list my likes and dislikes down belowProsThe Naval combat in the North Atlantic is fun because of the iceSome of the bug were fun and made me laugh.ConsShort Story Not even five hours PS. I was just privatering and upgrading my ship for like 14 hours and I left in on while I was Eating and watching Youtube, so thats why I have 20ish hours.Boring StoryBoring CharactersNo Character developmentLittle to no effort into making the player question who the bad guy really is, because they just make the assassins look like careless morons who are willing to work with thugs.Stupid ship movement, That meaning the man of wars turn way to quickly and the Storm Fortress turns faster than your ship which makes no sense. Maybe Templar Technology?Game breaking bugs. I had a bug where an assassination target who T pose and fly around while shooting making is nearly impossible to kill him.Waves break the camera. I couldnt see anything while fighting in storms and was shooting blindly hoping to hit, and that goes to another pointOverly easy naval combat. Now dont get me wrong I love the naval combat, but it required no effort at all to win battles. An example was when I fought two man of wars with almost no upgrades and won. The exception being the Storm Fortress but thats not hard its just broken to make it hard.Broken Controls. Now you may be thinking is nit piking, cause anyone whos played an AC game will know the controls are terrible, but this was just horrendous, I would lose fights because I couldnt counter attacks because it wasnt registering me hitting the key even though I did, and I would be climbing and I would just jump off a tower and kill myself.That about it, this was not worth 15 bucks I got it on sale. and I think it should of been a dlc for BF anyways that it.Sorry for any terrible grammer or spelling im writing this at 4 and Ill be far too lazy to edit it later.Im also . 