I never played Unity, for obvious reasons it was broken, and people said how horrible the story was. Ive played all the other ones on console and really enjoyed their story, minus AC4 Black Flag story but still a great game. YOU DO NOT NEED TO PLAY UNITY to play this if thats what you are wondering. Read up on Unity story line if you want, but Just save some money and get this beauty of a game instead. Heres whyProsThe naval combat from Black Flag is put right into this, which is absolutly amazing. I have spent several hours just upgrading my ship, collecting stone to renovate buildings to put into my steady income that consists of plundered ship money and property. Integrating this into the story which I am getting to shortly since it was 10/10 was great since you werent really a pirate but a templar/assassin with an ACTUAL recruitment intro... unlike in black flag where you pick up assasin blades and then bam Hey I am pirate assasin now!, so happy they didnt make that mistake again.  Oh yeah and NOT A SINGLE UNDERWATER SWIMMING MINI MISSION CRAP! Its great The property machanic is great. You get some loot into the bank over time while you are out at sea, doing the story line again I am going to get to here shortly because holy crap is it good doing intercepting Assasination contracts or whatever it is you feel like doing in the game.The fleet missions are in it still. Send your captured ships out to do your bidding and collect valueable items and collectables. I got some awesome pistol sets and a good set of swords and daggers from these. Just send and forget as you go back to pillaging the Assasins strongholds or headquarters.This story had me hooked. You play as an Assassin at first, learning and working with other known Assassins throughout the series kind of, it takes place before AC3. And then some things happen, which I cant spoil, that pretty much send your character to question the brotherhoods motives. In turn this forces an emotional decision that the character has to make and that you as the player really pretty much sides with. I felt very confused and distraught as he did, which makes it even better because its a whole other side of these series that you never get to see SINCE Altiar started questioning why he was killing men who were trying to HELP, not destroy. Playing a templar assassin with virtuous ambition that fights to uphold to, that myself as a player agree with, and huge conflict within him is 10/10 storytelling in my opinion.You then HUNT DOWN assassins, its a lot of fun. Intercept contracts and take out the assassins that were associated with it. Yes you can be instakilled but other assassins hiding throughout the game if you arent too careful, gives it a nice challenge. Throughout it you may have to leave the animus to do some things in modern time like in black flag, but its pretty cool, nothing too lame. It ties together all the other games series too.Also, you can kill civilians without any drawbacks...except some annoying bounty hunters. But hey, you are a templar There are a lot of pros but I cant name them all.. Imagine it like they took all the great things about the other games and threw them into this one, along with some extra goodies.ConsNONE except for one bug taking over a fort where I needed to kill 2 snipers. They were both marked but one of them just wasnt visible, or there for that matter. It was no biggie, just jumped into some fire which reset me back into the beginning of entering the fort.Overall this game is a must of AC players, especially for those who havent played Unity. Seriosuly you dont need to play Unity to get this. All in all worth every penny.