Its a shame that this game was overshadowed by Unity. Its definitely worth a playthrough if youre a fan of Assassins Creed. The best way to describe how this game fits into this story would be like how Revelations was fit into Ezios Story Its a thing thats there and its kind of nice to have but it doesnt have much pertinenece to the story as a whole.I like to say that while Unity got all the programmers, Rogue got the story writers.The gist of the story is that youre an assassin that went rogue and now fight for the Templars. Woo. Though the premise is simple the characters actually have more depth than a brick wall and it makes for some really interesting sequences. At some point in the game I was emotionally attached to a person I would eventually have to kill, and the dialogue really helped to drive those feelings.I do have to note though that all of the assassins are s to you even when youre on their side, and the first  friendly character in the entire game is the guy that recruits you to be a Templar.So the engine was beefed up a bit as the water actually ripples as things fall into it or whales breach the surface, and these ripples can be used to damage enemy ships. The addition of Icebergs gives more strategy to naval combat, but the higher success rate of pointing all your cannons at the enemy ship, kind of nulls that.Like most Assassins Creed games, you are armed to the teeth  and theres more weapons than there are number buttons on the keyboard. Although I appreciate having variety, the pistols, sleep darts, berserker darts, and shrapnel gernades were more than enough to get through most obstacles.Something they added that I liked at first was a new enemy that would sneak around and try to kill you from stealth. Whispers creep in as you get closer to them, the whispers get louder. If you get too close they run up to you from across the map and almost kill you. So you stab them. And they die. and if you happened to get hit by them, you regen health immediately. Which is why this became more of an annoyance as the game went on. I caught myself just seeing what direction they were using eagle vision, took an educated guess on their position and avoided them. Its a good idea, but it definitely needs improvement so it isnt just annoying.It also has the usual collect all the goodies missions. I gave up on trying to 100 this game when I saw that there were 8 number of collectables animus fragments, shanties, templar maps, templar artifacts that you find from the maps, letters, Viking swords, treasure chests, and prosperity. At some point I realized that I wasnt having fun collecting stuff and would rather be doing stuff that was more action packed.Overall, I had fun playing it. While AC4 was a pirate game with assassin elements this is definitely an Assassin Gae with Pirate elements. Definitely worth a look, but do remember that it does have its flaws.