Assassins Creed Rogue was the first AC game I played since AC3 which massively disappointed me, I didnt came with great expectations for this game, but was honestly surprise. I didnt like the Ships fights at sea at all in AC3 but somehowhowever, this time around I really loved it.The game is polished with many things to do, lots of collectibles, renovations, side activities such as Unlocking taverns, Games in taverns, Assisting and rescuing people, Freeing captured French zones, Freeroam at sea and raiding ships.I honestly thought it was brilliant, but it does become repetitive after a few dozen hours, at least for me. There are 3 regions/zones, 2 Sea based maps with islands and New York. The sheer size of the world is gigantic!Graphics looks great, As I mentioned before my last game was AC3 on PS3 and this one looks really good in ultra and steady stable FPS, good optimization on Ubisofts part.And this time for the very first time you get to play as a Templar. Very unique for the AC franchise and it keeps the plot interesting. Also Assassins are being sent after you, yes this is true. They will blend in the environment and attempt to kill you, This is very fresh and unique, but it was annoying as heck that every damn mission I went through I had to be careful not to being getting destroyed by them. In other words.. THERE ARE TOO MANY DAMN ASSASSINS...!My main gripe with the game is that its short, I have over 20 hours into it, but I explored alot of islands and collected collectibles. Without these activities, by my estimation this game takes about 68 hours to complete if you rush through it, unlike the former AC games, which are quite longer than this.The VerdictHonestly a great game, Absolutely worth the money I paid for. I thoroughly enjoyed the plot, the characters, the huge vast open world, it is a splender to behold. If only this game was 510 hours longer Id love it even more.Gameplay 8/10 same as AC3 with a few new improvements, but overall movements and climbing is the same, same as for the combat. You are however given a grenade launcher, which I found hilarious to bombazle 4 enemies at ones then hiding and doing the same to the next group of enemies who appear to help their comrades.Graphics 8.5/10 Great, but could be better. Overall Its not a breathtaking game, but we have to remember that this game was optimized for the last gen consoles. And that my friends, is a solid reason.Storyline/Plot 9/10 I found being in a Templar shoes for once can be interesting, to see the Templars idealism and convictions.