From where to start? For me this is the 2nd best AC game ever made after AC4 BF. A lot of people said its AC4 1.5 or a DLC for AC4. That isnt the case. Rogue is connected in the story with AC3,AC4 and Unityjust a little bit.StoryWell this AC game had one of the best characters ive ever played in a video game. From AC series Shay for me was a master piece. I loved everything about him. He started as a begginer in the assassins just to learn from them, do their jobs and then just to turn on them because they were blind and werent seeing the danger. Playing as a Templar for the first time was more exciting than i thought. Shays story is how i said one of the best, after Edwards from AC4.GameplayThe gameplay is kinda the same as AC4, thats why most of the people said its a copy of AC4. Yeah it has kinda the same mechanics as any AC game and also the naval combat is back from AC4. Also the side activities from AC4 are back too like Assassins contract but here they are Interception contracts where you have to stop an assassin from killing someone, naval forts combat for more activities, hunting, legendary ship battles etc. The economy is also the same, you need cargo to upgrade your ship, the Morigan and also to renovate the 3 big regions, New York, River Vally and North Atlantic. The naval combat is the same as AC4, the only thing changed is that now that your ship can be boarded and you need to defend it. The on foot combat is also the same with minor new animations. Now we also have economical zones to capture, these are the naval forts and the fortresses from the citys/villages, these unlocking new side activities. Also the Naval Fleet is back too. However the minor bugs when the game doesnt know where you want to go or the ragdoll efect sometimes make the game glitchy, but it is not that often.SoundThe sound effects, the voices, i just love everything about them. The singing while sailing on the sea is back so hunt those shanties.GraphicsAC Rogue uses the same engine as AC4 did with maybe some minor upgrades. If you liked AC4, you will think this will look awesome too.MultiplayerNope, finally.All in all, Rogue is a briliant game. Yes, it was in the shadow of Unity when it first came out, but it is 10 times better than Unity from all the point of views expect the graphics. Ubisoft Sofia did an amazing job here, Ubisoft Montreal should take a look at this and take notes or atleast look back at AC4. I recommend Rogue to any AC fan. You wont regret it. 