At first when I heard about Rogue, my first reaction was Rogue? The  is this game? Why did I never hear of this before? That was because of Unity taking the limelight while Rogue was hiding in the shadows. From all the nonsense Ive heard from Unity and the  botched launch, I figured that Rogue was going to follow the same route. I was wrong.My friend gifted the game to me and I told myself that I should at least try it, despite having Uplay attached to it and the stigma for being an Assassins Creed game. So far, Ive played the first, second and Brotherhood, so I never knew what would happen with the storyline of the series from then on, until I played this game.To my surprise, Ive clocked in 17 hours into the game, doing some side activities and the main storyline Im beyond impressed on how fun and immersiveful this game can be and the lore behind it pushing the envelope for the series storylineObviously, given the description of this game, you follow the tale of Shay Cormac, a once loyal Assassin following Achilles, the Brotherhoods Mentor of the American Colonial, who became a ferocious Templar Hunter, taking down his past brother in arms. I wont give you much of the story, because would deny you of the pleasure this game has to offer. Simply put, it offers you the perspective of the Templar Order, giving you insight of the eternal war Between the Assassins and the Templar.Although the story itself is quite commendable, the lore scattered around in the game just simply enhances it completely, giving you incentives to explore your surroundings and understanding the characters you meet in the game. It also offers you many audio logs, which just pushed it even more, giving more life and character to the world of AC.Theyre quite lengthy and very enjoyable to hear, should you pursue all of them, but that doesnt diminish the games storyline should you ignore them.The gameplay itself is quite fun and smooth, from my experience playing, although there are some hiccups here and there, concerning the counter move against several enemies, but that might be just me playing badly/not paying attention enough. It also offers a lot of variety in taking down enemies, such as using darts to make civvies go berserk or putting snipers to sleep while darting your way towards your assassination target. You have bombs, darts, pistols and other such tools to achieve your success, giving you more freedom as to how you want to complete a certain mission.The game is absolutely wonderful looking and Im surprised how well Im running the game, at a solid 60FPS with everything at maximum capacity. Youll have an easy time getting those beautful shots of the sunset while sailing in the North Atlantic, or panoramic views atop a church. It truly is a beauty playing this game.Although Ill keep this rather short, since I can go on and on and on, Im grateful for my friend gifting me this game and Im planning to finish the game completely, with nothing amiss. So for now, it will be under construction and Assassins Creed Rogue really is a game worthy of bearing the title of Assassins Creed.