Assassins Creed is starting to turn into the franchise that makes Call of Duty pause for a moment and reconsider what its doing with its life. Yet... I dunno, yeah, it is getting tiring to see the same stuff over and over again each year, but ACreed somehow keeps the formula interesting enough. Dont ask me how, even I dont know, but I can safely say that for the most part, every ACreed game is alright at the least. In 2014, however, AC Unity was released and was a buggy mess. I cant comment on that game but I havent played it yet. But that same year, Ubisoft released their last ACreed game for the old gen software, Rogue. So I got the two in the sale and started up Rogue. After finishing it, I decided to start up a review. So what did I think? Well, aint that the purpose of this review? Lets take a look.STORY Your name is Shay Patric Cormack. You are an Assassin working in the American colonies... or, at least, you were. After you mightve caused Lisbon to have a massive earthquake after retrieving an artifact on orders of the Assassins, you end up leaving the Assassins and you join the Templars. You end up going after your old friends from your former Assassin bretheren to get the equipment that they used to find the artifacts that did this. It is a very different story, and it did keep me entertained, but... I dunno, I wouldnt call it that good. I mean, it isnt bad, heck, I say its decent, but it really doesnt keep you interested half the time. The other half, it is pretty interesting, but still. But its alright, so I wont complain. It takes place during the Seven Years War in that period in between 3 and you also see, so thats kind of neat.GAMEPLAY Same gameplay, different game. Literally, since this is just AC Black Flag in AC3s location. You have ship battles, sneaky assassinations, usual stuff. One thing that is new is the new Assassin Hunt feature. There might be an assassin hiding at places you go. You have to go into eagle sense in order to figure this out, then follow a little compass like that points you to where they are hiding. This is a neat feature, and I know they cant add it to the usual ACreed games, but if they do this idea again they should readd it. It was fun. The rest of the stuff is alright. Dont fix it if it aint broke, I guess. Kept me occupied for 27 hours I know game says 19, but steam glitched out so not bad.GRAPHICS AND PERFORMANCE Dont expect an amazing looking game like Unity. This was built for last gen. That said, the game looks pretty good. There are nice little details like snow particles and fish in ponds, and thats nice to see. Game runs well due to the old gen thing as well, which is sweet. If your rig cant run AAA games above 20, this might run at around 4050FPS, not on Ultra, but Normal with a bit of AA on. So thats nice.CHARACTERS AND VOICE ACTING Voice acting is top notch as usual. The character arc of Shay is kind of interesting to see. All main characters are well designed and theres nothing to complain that I can think of. Maybe repetative NPC design, but thats passable for a last gen game.FINAL THOUGHTS Nothing special, basically the baby between 3 and Black Flag, but its a good game. 7/10, alright game. If you like the AssCreed games, pick this up. If you want to start off with the ACreed series, try 4, it doesnt have Desmond, so youll be fine, if not, this might not be the worst place to start. If youre tired of these games or never liked them, though, this wont change your mind. 