so my expectations for this game were oow! more black flag! and you get to play as a Templar? sweet. finishing this game i would say i was right but there is so much more to it then that.Boring stuff out of the way it plays like black flag mechanically. as that i have just beaten syndicate also beat unity last year in comparison to that game i would say that it Handel like an old sports car. there inst any traction control abs or paddle shifters. this means for the most part your character goes where you tell him to go even if thats off a cliff. unity and syndicate have all the modern conveniences of a new car a much smoother ride although sometimes the computer has thoughts of its own. graphics are black flag. my 970 spit out 60 fps with vsync turned on and all graphics cranked no drops in performance. if you have a half way decent card no worries. sound track is black flag.boring stuff out of the way and we are on to story. the story by its self was compelling. Shey is a relatable character and you definitely care about the characters by the end. there is an over world like in black flag with its own charecters and plot. script was good set pieces were good voice acting was good bla bla bla. the exciting part is it beautifully pulls together assassins creed 3 4 and unity in a marvelous way by the end. no spoilers. if you have played all three of those games and then moved on to unity and syndicate and felt jostled or like you missed the jump thats because you didnt play this game. really i cant stress how cool it was to see the missing link here. i really dont want to spoil anything so im going to move to closing.this game marks the end of in my opinion the second trilogy of assassins creed. hear my out. this is the last of the last gen assassins creed games and it really feels that way. you have assassins creed 1 which was a proof of concept and kind of a stepping stone to get away from the prince of Persia. the ezio trilogy self explanatory. then came 3. where 1 and 2 drooped you in a city that you got to explore through out the game or 1 of like 3 major cities 3 introduced a more open platform. they gave you some land to traverse. it really made you feel like the journey was more important then the destination. black flag definitely followed suit on that. it was all about exploring islands and sailing on your badboat and being a pirate. rouge as i have said is more black flag and there you have it. the second trilogy. to bring it home rouge is a more mature black flag. they fixed the awful tailing missions and really focused more on narrative then the characters. it marks a clear end of an era and syndicate and unity start a new one. we probably wont ever get another game like black flag or rouge and thats OK. we have gone back to 1 big open city and thats fine. rouge doesnt make you feel sad to see it go. you feel a sense of closure. a sense of fulfillment. like saying goodbye to an old friend. i really liked this game and i really recommend it to any fan of the series. 