This is probably one of the best PC Assassins Creed games.  The optimization is damn near perfect, the seamless control switching from controller to mousekeyboard is amazingly easy.  The touchscreen menu functions are great for people playing on a touch laptop.  Gameplay wise, its pretty much the same as Black Flag, except now there are more incapacitation options.  The locations are beautiful, the story rivals Ezios in quality.Overall, the game is fantastic.  Though no game is perfect, and Rogue is certainly no exception to that.  Like every Assassins Creed game, the parkour system is imperative to the games success.  The freerunning in Rogue is amazing, the terrain was well built and designed for fast paced running and killing, though the place where the parkour falls a bit short, are in settlements and New York, where there are many buildings with angled roofs.  Now there is a slight problem with climbing up an angled roof from the side.  This problem makes it so you occasionally freeze in place and cant climb up or down until you shuffle to either side before you can move again, even though you should really have no problem with climbing up.  Im sure this will get patched soon, as it is an easy fix.  The ocean combat is pretty good too.  I havent played much of Black Flag, and I hated the ship combat from AC III, but I hear its great in Black Flag, and its not that big of a deal to keep something that works very well in another game that involves the same kind of setting.  Since this is an Ubisoft game, the enemy spawning is awful, and none more so, than in the ocean.  There WILL be times when you board a ship after incapacitating it, and after you are through collecting your stuff, there would be another ship bearing down on you.  Believe me, when you get good at handling the Morigan, you will be able to dispatch these fools easily, and you will even be able to take on a Manowar without much trouble.  But then again, if you are coming to this from Black Flag, you would already have plenty of experience with ocean maneuvering.    Combat wise, its pretty great.  A major step up from the AC III engine.  Now, there are no longer whole platoons of soldiers that track you down to kill you for bumping into someone.  Hiding is pretty easy, because there are bushes pretty much everywhere, and you can always use them to sneak around and take out a couple of guards, or you can play it nonlethally and just sneak.All in all, Rogue is an amazing game compared to previous installments in the AC series.  I would highly suggest Rogue over Unity if you are looking for story quality  Unity was a bland, dry Ctrl C Ctrl V of Ezios story, Rogue has the main character as well as you thinking about your allegiance to the Assassins, and how your ideals may differ greatly from them.