Disappointed by Assassins Creed Unity? Play Rogue instead.SIMILAR GAMES Assassins Creed 4, Prince of Persia, Far Cry 3/4SIMILAR MOVIES Pirates of the Caribbean, Master and CommanderIts a worth successor to Assassins Creed 4 Black Flag. If you havent played AC4, then you are missing out on quite possibly one of the best games ever made. Ive been a long time fan and supporter of the AC franchise. Ive played every single game excluding Syndicate. Up until AC4, the series followed a very familiar formula  parkour, explore the map by climbing towers and updating your map, do challenges to earn up better weapons and armor upgrades, and progress through the story by assassinating bad guys and experiencing interesting plot twists. Every new AC game featured a few new concepts but it was mostly the same formula improved just a little bit by throwing in an extra minigame and tweaking some gameplay. By AC3, gamers got tired of this recycling. In addition, the game was hit with a lot of glitches and poor optimization. The formula was completely remade with the addition of naval warfare. This was one of the greatest additions to the series and it occured by accident. Basically you have a ship and a crew and you can choose to be a pirate and raid smaller ships for supplies in order to gain loot and money which you will later use to upgrade your ship and character. And yes, the naval battles are incredible. They are so amazing that part of the game can literally be its own stand alone game. AC4 recieved a lot of praise from gamers and reviewers solely due to this one addition. What does Ubisoft do for the sequel? Forget naval warfare ever existed and return to the world of AC3 by creating AC Unity.Unity has a complete letdown both from a gameplay and technical standpoint and as a result, the lastgen watered down console port completely flew underneath my radar. I didnt hear of anyone talk about or hype up Rogue until I discovered it during a sale and boy was I glad. It managed to deliver. It brought back naval warfare from AC4 and the wilderness from AC3 as well as added a few new features such as taking over gang forts. This works like naval forts but on land. You sabotage fort supplies, assassinate a leader, and cut the flag off. Boom, youve taken over the fort and gained revenue. Theres also the addition of assassin interception missions where you protect a random civilian on the streets by attempting to find and kill the assassins before they kill the civilian. Finally, no glitches and no gimmicky CoOp features. Unfortunately no multiplayer either.The graphics are superb, the poor optimization of AC4 was fixed and the game runs remarkably well. Im playing this game on a laptop GPU 670mx which is the equivalent of 560660GTX. I had difficulties running AC4 on 1080p/low and got 2030fps. With Rogue, I almost maxed it at 1080p and 4050fps. So not only does the game run better but it also looks better.  Also, I strongly recommend a 360 controller for this. I love the KBM but this is one of those few games where controller is actually superior. Multiple buttons are pushed at once and you need the precision of an analog stick to turn your ship. KBM wouldnt be as comforting but its doable.Overall, I recommend this game especially for 20. If AC4 was AC2 Brotherhood which was the highlight of the Ezio saga, then Rogue would be like AC Revelations. It didnt expand on much but it offered the same great gameplay and content if you were hungry for more. I picked it up for 10 and I got my moneys worth. Dont bother with the time saver DLC  the farming in this game isnt that bad. The only real DLC  Templar Legacy  is decent but theres more then enough content in the main game to hold you over.  Theres approximately 2030 hours worth of content. If you enjoyed AC4 and were wanting more after Unity disappointed you, this game is for you and I urge you to pick it up. If you didnt enjoy AC4, then you might not enjoy Rogue. Also be warned, this game uses UPlay which is Ubisofts digital distribution manager. Its not the best thing in the world but it works.