Was pretty good spent 10 on it and played a good amount of hours. Had an interesting take on Assassins weve come to know and made me rethink a lot of the things Ive done in pervious games if there was a better solutiton. My biggest dissapointmeant with the game is the main character. Although Shay had some interesting views and his story was very relatable in a sense. He just wasnt all that interesting, the story he carries and the things he did could have been brought out better if put into the right emotions. The character itself just didnt have much emotion, he betrayed and killed his friends the only people hes known and it was tragic but the character never actaully showed any remorse just justification for trying to save the world. 8/10 StoryVisually the game looked great, a lot of people willon it looking worse than Black Flag, I simply took it as a copy paste of ACIII done right. Not saying ACIII was bad, but needed improvement and this game delivered it This game had NOTHING new that wasnt already in every other AC game, but as it is like every other yearly release it simply had small improvements in both visual and gameplay. Visually and mechanically it played well and that was enough for me as someone who just wanted to play something related to AC.NOTE I only recommend this game because it was something that I personally enjoyed and would like others to try out within the fanbase. If you arent within the fan base this game could easily be a huge dissapointmeant from misleading trailers and being a redo of what ACIII could have been if it had focused more on Naval Combat. This game is more close to ACIII than AC4 simply for the reason that AC4 was focused on being Pirates while this game was focused on a story that fortunately included Naval Combat and the same settings as AcIII. It is a prequel to ACIII but it is not needed to play to continue on with the story of Templars and Assassins. This could easily be skipped and you wouldnt miss a thing. This game also leads into the stroy of Unity but once again, can easily be skipped and you wouldnt miss a thing. 