I already own this for my 360 and have 100 achievements, so obviously this will be a positive review, so my hours play do not matter. AC Rogue came out on the PS3 and Xbox 360 the same year Unity came out for the nextgen consoles. Ironically, the previous generation of consoles, and later PC, got the good AC of that year. Rogue is more like an expansion to AC IV Black Flag, borrowing many elements from previous ACs as well, such as renovations. Anyway, pros, cons, and whateversPROSUnlike Unity, the game runs well, the parkour isnt broken, and the game isnt as bug filled.The sailing returns and there are a few additions here and there, such as being boarded by enemy ships.More sea shanties.You get to play as a Templar for once, which means the story is taken in a different direction. When I originally got this game, I thought the reason for Shays betrayal would be halfand forced since the story in AC has been lacking. However, color me surprised that the reason for Shays betrayal is well justified. Bravo writers! You arent all completely stupid... But see below.If you wanted Black Flag 2, this game is for you.MIXED/The past story seems halfat times. Its obvious the writers for this game wanted to keep the Assassins as this holy order of Do No Bad, which is very ironic since the enemies are based off a religious order. And, this isnt much of a spoiler but, at the end of the game, for some reason, Shay wants to have another character spared... Yet he kills everyone else. Sure, said character says hes sorry, but youre a bloody assassin! They even make it a point earlier in the game that you kill people who have no threat whatsoever./Whatever issues you, the reader, had with Black Flag make an encore. There isnt much else to say except....CONSDamn it, Ubisoft, quit it with the future story! If you thought the future story for Unity and Syndicate was bad, you have no idea. The stupid officer worker motif comes back again, except youre a different employee and, oh my god, the supporting black chick screw whatever her name is and obviously bad guy boss Scar not his real name, too, but his design is so cliche is hurts to look at him and is a crime to not call him anything else are the worse additions to the series. They make a cameo in Syndicate and, thankfully, they dont talk much. In Rogue, however, they talk. The black chick can best be described as a wannabe Buffy the Vampire Slayer character with sandpaper for a personality everything she says is stupid, unneccesary, and I wish she didnt exist. In fact, I wish the person who came up with her would die in a fire. I seriously hate her guts. As for Scar, hes.. um.. a stereotypically gritty white guy with a scar. I could tell he was evil the moment I saw him. I dont have much to say about Scar because... He doesnt say any horrible dialog and looks like an evil stereotype. What has been said about other characters can just be CTRLc and CTRLvd for him.Edit due to a revelation when playing Undertale and beating the game on PC I just realized something. The black chick who calls the character Numbskull and the idiot from AC Unity who calls the main character Pisspot have something in common They arent written well at all. While I was playing Undertale for the billionth time, I realized something Undyne calls the player Punk sometimes. Sure, she may be similar to the poorly written characters, but the difference is obvious the fish monster is written than two humans. She doesnt call the player Punk until AFTER becoming friends. Both the black chick and idiot from AC Unity call the player their respected nicknames at the start, rather than after developing them.See the cover art for this game? See how Shay has that awesome coat and hood? Well, that coat is in the game, but the hood is not. Ya, I know this is a petty con, but I expect the COVER ART for the game to feature content WITHIN the game. Shay still looks cool in the coat, though. 