Assassins Creed Rogue is a strange outing for the series, serving as a spinoff, an interquel chronologically between AC4 and most of AC3, and something of a last hurrah for the series before it stepped into the next generation and unfortunately tripped and fell with the release of Unity. Its a game I have very mixed feelings about, for while it is undeniably a good game, I cant help but feel some sense of disappointment, as I think it could have been so much better...Performance It works!!! After the absolute disaster that was Unity, I refused to buy another AC game for PC without waiting to see the communitys response Still cant get Unity to work for me over a year later. Obviously Ubisoft is making an effort to improve their treatment of PC releases, as this game runs, for the most part, beautifully on my machine with the graphics settings pretty much maxed out, and I run it on a laptop with a core i7, 2.5 Ghz processer, and an AMD HD8970 graphics card, so were not talking about a particularly beastly computer here. The only real issue I encountered was a consistent crash to desktop as soon as the game started, unless I set the environment quality to normal, which seems to have been a somewhat widespread problem. However, this issue was easily resolved and hasnt affected my enjoyment of the game at all, so Id say its mostly negligible.Graphics The game looks beautiful, with some really breathtaking environments. Assassins Creed is one of the only games that after years of play, I still find myself just stopping and looking around at the environment, in awe of the level of detail and love that went into crafting these historical recreations. Of particular note here are the stunningly reflective waters of the Riverlands, and the sprawling and lively cityscape of New York. With that in mind, however, it should be noted that many of the models and animations are ripped directly out of previous entries in the series. A lot of what you see comes from AC3 or AC4, and while this didnt bother me in most cases, one thing that greatly disappointed me was the animation set for Shay, the main protagonist. Almost all of his combat finishers and freerunning movements are virtually identical to Edward Kenways animations from AC4, who already borrowed animations from Connor in AC3. It really took away from Shays characterization, and I found it especially disappointing considering Ubisoft went to the trouble of crafting new animations for Adewale in Freedom Cry, which was merely a DLC expansion for Black Flag. Youd think a full release with a new protagonist would get special treatment, but instead they just lazily recycled animations weve already seen before. Bad form, Ubisoft.Sound and Music I got chills when I started up this game and heard the opening theme. This brilliant piece weaves together themes from throughout the series history, including the AC3 main theme, Ezios Family from AC2, and a very Irish take on what sounds like the British Empire theme from Black Flag. It really brings on the nostalgia for the greatest moments of the series, and leads you to believe that youre about to witness a pivotal moment in the series overarching plot sadly, this doesnt quite come to fruition. Overall, the music is really great in this game, epic and grandiose, and I loved the Irish flavor they brought to the table to accompany the series first Irish protagonist. As always, they really hit the nail on the head here. As for sound effects and voice acting, youll hear a lot of familiar sounds from AC4, which didnt need improvement, and the voice acting is as good as ever.Story To me, this is where the game really failed to deliver. We were promised a plot that would turn the series on its head, showing us the world from the perspective of the Templars, blurring the lines and making us see the humanity in both sides. Unfortunately, I would argue that the opening sequences of AC3 already accomplished that much better than this game ever did. I wanted to like Shay Cormac, our rogueish hero, but I just never really cared all that much. Especially after the emotional rollercoaster of Edward Kenways pirate adventures in AC4, everything here just felt cold and disconnected. Without spoiling too much, Ill say that Shays motivations for defecting to the Templars just didnt make sense, and the portrayal of the Templars seemed completely offbase compared to the rest of the series. The game just tries too hard to make you like them, and instead of feeling like were getting a closer look at the humanity within the Templar cause, it just feels like the same old honorable, compassionate good guys vs cold, inhumane bad guys story weve experienced before, only with the names of the factions switched.Theres also a modern day story in between sequences, but its largely uninteresting though Osto Berg does seem like an intriguing character, and the little pieces of lore you find  by hacking computers seem more like Assassins Creed wiki entries to flesh out popular characters than anything else. I miss the mystery of deciphering Subject 16s encoded messages in AC2, and even the hacked information in AC4 had some level of intrigue thats largely missing here.Gameplay Its Assassins Creed 4 Black Flag through and through. Almost nothing has changed in terms of mechanics. Youll still freerun and counter kill your way across the land, and youll still sail for miles and engage in furious naval battles across the North Atlantic. However, the series does add in some new features. Shay has a couple unique weapons, the air rifle and the grenade launcher. The air rifle is virtually identical to the blowgun from AC4, but its still a cool weapon. The grenade launcher, however, is new. You can fire sleep grenades, berserk grenades, or shrapnel grenades, and it can be great fun to fire one into a group of enemies from a high tree branch and watch chaos ensue. Otherwise, however, Shays weapons are pretty much the same as Edwards.Another new feature is the new Stalker enemies. They will hide in places traditionally reserved for yourself as the Assassin. You can find them using a compasslike indicator only available using Eagle Vision. Then, you can either walk by and let them come at you, only to counterkill them, or you can smoke them out and hunt them down. It makes traversing the city more interesting and more dangerous, as the Stalkers can pose a real threat if they get a hit in.A lot of the game will be spent at sea, sailing and engaging in naval combat, and its as fun as ever. Shays ship, the Morrigan, is notably faster and more maneuverable than the Jackdaw from AC4, which really helps streamline the naval gameplay. The ship is also equipped with new weapons. The first is the Puckle Gun, an automatic sidegun that actually makes boarding ships too easy, as youll probably take out all the enemy crew before your ship even gets close enough to jump over. The second new weapon is the burning oil, which allows you to leave trails of fire behind you, and is much more effective in losing a tail than the explosive kegs from previous games. Finally, you get an upgraded ram that allows you to actually control your charge. Another new naval feature worth mentioning is that you can now be boarded by enemy ships if they ram into you, which is a surprisingly exciting and chaotic experience.Besides the main missions, theres a ton of side content. You can conquer the gangs of New York, raid forts, hunt animals to craft upgrades, and pick up a ton of various collectibles, including chests, animus fragments, the new prosperities which increase your income, viking swords, templar crosses, and more. The naval campaign also makes its return, and if youre really bored, you can just go play checkers at a bar.My final score 7/10 Great game in many ways, but Id probably wait til its on sale to pick it up.