Assassins Creed Rogue is essentially Black Flag Lite. Considering that Black Flag is considered one of the best in the series My personal favorites include BF and Brotherhood, it would make sense that they would try to make that lightning strike twice. The product we have is a shorter, slim version of Black Flag.This is not necessarily a bad thing. Black Flag was plagued with one issue It was riddled with Follow the people and eavesdrop which was one of the most annoying things I had to endure. It balanced out with greatly refined Naval combat First introduced in AC3 but did next to nothing for you and colorful characters that you empathized with and care about. Theyre trying to do the same thing in Rogue but with a smaller cast and more streamlined combat.For example, metal was a commodity in BF that you had to cause a ruckus at sea and get wanted levels to face against higher level enemies. In Rogue, every enemy ship carries metal and youll find your ship upgrade a hell of a lot quicker than in BF.The same idea translates to the main story which hauls Every mission seems to throw 5 completion on my save file. In ten hours you may very well already be at 50 completion which seems a bit short considering its original asking price I preordered the deluxe, which is a bit cheaper now.In essence, they trimmed the pointless fat of Black Flag but failed to replace it with substance or content, but thats still not a dealbreaker if you left BF thinking I wish there was more sea stuff. Even then, Rogue didnt add much to it, but instead gave you more reasons to do it. If that makes sense.Storywise, its actually one of the more interesting ones. I still care very little about the modern day aspect of the games Though Im happy Desmond is out of the picture but were put in the shoes of an Assassin that witnessed And unwittingly caused a great disaster because the Assassins are meddling in things they dont completely comprehend, and did not take Shay Cormacs words in account when he is distressed at the mess they caused. After being shot off a cliff, Shay then meets several Templars that seem to refrain from the usual Kick the dog moments of series past and still press their goals with all the manipulation involved. Shay is out to stop the assassins from making more of a mess and keep them from accidentally Or purposefully murdering thousands of people at a time.The story is clearly painted with the Templars arent really that bad, okay? brush, but still offers the opposite opinion that I had been waiting for. We get a little more of that in Unity with Elise, who also isnt a kneebreaking lunatic.Ultimately its a great game. Its Black Flag Templar edition. Its not as expensive as it was, so nab it now or on sale. Its not a bad buy if youre a fan of the franchise. 