This review is going to probably get a big long winded, the game has a lot to talk about and theres a lot I want to go over.Assassins Creed rogue gives us the premise of a assassin turning templar, and for the first time, playing a entire game as a templar protagonist.My immediate worry was that character motivations would be terrible, Ubisoft would never have the balls to outright make the player character a bad person with bad ideals, and in that regard I was right, The Templars are displayed as noble, good people, and the assassins are almost cartoonishly evil, even to the point of going against their own moral standards established in every other game.However the characters themselves, have good motivations, Shays reason for leaving the Assassins makes perfect sense, and Achilles reason for being a unreasonable  who doesnt listen to anyone, also makes sense.Mechanically, the game is a complete improvement over Assassins Creed 4, and turning mechanics on their head is quite enjoyable, like playing Assassin contracts in reverse where you intercept a contract, then protect the target, and having assassins try to kill you when you are out walking the streets.In practice though, some of this falls flat. Assassins wont stalk you, they just stand in specific ambush locations, and come after you if you step near them, they are just human booby traps, and once you recognize this, it becomes a joke. The map is far worse than AC4, being broken into 3 smaller maps, the riverlands being the absolute worse, gone is the feeling of sailing the open seas, hello feelings of everything being incredibly small!Hunting is...completely broken, infuriatingly so. Animals dont respawn until you reload the area entirely, and when they do, its static spawns, you are lucky to get 12 of your chosen hunting target. This problem wasnt present and AC4, and in AC4 you usually only needed 2 pelts of each animal, in Rogue you will need anywhere between 58 of a pelt, and this goes for the harpooning targets too, its a massive time consuming chore.The outfit variety is great, AC4s outfits were a huge letdown, with Kenway only having a handful of outfits, and few of them any good. Shay has a massive wardrobe of very stylish outfits, however...the unlock system is utterly abysmal.A large portion of outfits and weapons are unlocked by completing collectables, which will take you the course of the entire game and then some to do, meaning 1 you will have already purchased the superior  Sword, the second best weapon in the game, long before unlocking these inferior weapons 2 You will be both finished, and burned out on the game, with no options for New Game to enjoy your unlocks on a subsequent playthrough.Also the best weapon in the game requires completing every. single. fleet mission in the game. There are 33 of them, and they each take 23 hours.You still have a host of other problems the assassins creed series has always had, including imprecise freerunning, where your character just wont make the obvious jump. Ill also have problems where enemies will attack me while im in a kill animation I cant cancel out of, or during a small cutscene where I cant even see my character.The legendary ships is perhaps the most disapointing aspect of the game. There are 3 of them, two of them are the same ship, a boring normal Man of War with a ton of health with different adds one has normal adds, the other has fireship suicide bombers and a repeat of one of the AC4 legendary ships...but with adds. The adds just make everything difficult to see and more chaotic than fun, and it completely falls flat.Overall I found the game enjoyable, but a lot of its problems greatly hurt it. Its worth playing if you have already played AC4 and its DLC and want more of that gameplay, but its far from being AC4 but better like many proclaim.