If you like playing Black Flag, PLAY THIS! The story is really great, it gives you a lot of the missing information between Edward and Connors time, and it gives you the background for Unity.Fighting is still presscounterandwin tactics and the ship part of the game is better than Black Flag. The Morrigan comes with Puckle guns instead of Swivel cannons, which basically means that you get a swivel cannon that does less damage but fires a lot more rounds max nonelite is 25, you get an ice ram that functions like the ram in black flag, except that you get a speed booster for extra damage, and instead of fire barrels, you get burning oil which seems to be more effective because you can cover the path behind you better.The map feels larger than Black Flag, but probably isnt. Since youre in North America, you traqvel more in large rivers than out in the ocean. This makes sailing to your destination a little bit better, except that youll have to navigate these channels, which means a bunch of turning. In contrast, the land parts of the map are more frequent, which means more land exploring rather than constant ship battles.Rennovations are back, but only one or two buildings here or there so its not like AC II, Brotherhood, or Revelations where youre basically restoring the entire city. There is a banking system, where if you rennovate you get X amount of money every 20 minutes of gameplayThere are gang strongholds, which are like Borgia Towers, Templar towers, Forts, etc... Where you take down the leader and do a couple misc side objectives and take back that region.New weapons/items Air Rifle blowgun 2.0 that comes with firecrackers for distraction, An underbarrel grenade launcher for Sleep, Beserk, and Shrapnel grenades and The Sword/Dagger combo which is basically the double swords from Black Flag with some different kill animations. Shay also gets a cloth to cover his face from smoke bombs so he doesnt get stunned if you activate it.There is a unique thing that this game added stalkers. Stalkers are like bot versions of the black flag multiplayer, where you travel through an area and hear whispers get louder and louder as you get closer to them. You can tun on eagle vision to get a compass of their general area and detect them if you search their hiding spots. They do massive damage if they land an attack on you, but you can counter them if youre quick. Also, they only appear in interesting areas, such as forts, missions, near collectables, etc... Its not like the entire city is filled with them. Its a nice balance.CONCLUSIONVery, very, good game if you liked Black Flag. This game is basically the lovechild of AC III and AC IV. Colonial area, with great ship battles.The only downside to it is that sometimes it feels less open for ship battles, which makes it hard to manuver. Solid 9/10 