Im just going to jump straight into it. I have played this game three times through now, and I have to say that this is my favorite Assassins Creed game. Yes, the game as some problems, but in my opinion, its not really a big deal. The great thing about this game is that it is somewhat refreshing, without thinking about the similarities between rhis game and Black Flag. I would have to say though, that this game is a better experience for those who are more open minded about games.The main character, Shay Patrick Cormac, is arguably the most heroic protagonist of the series. For those who dont know, in this game you play as a Templar. In the cinematic trailer of Rogue, he comes out as pure evil, hunting the assassins. But in all honesty, he is more of a grey area hero/antihero. Without giving any spoilers about the game, they actually give him some good reasons to be a Templar. Although, that being said, he does have some problems. He is supposed to be irish in this game, and the irish accent isnt that good. for some. But the thing is that the irish accent is quite hard to do, if youre not irish yourself that is. The voice actor Steven Piovesan does a fantastic job at portraying the character non the less. He might not get the irish accent perfectly, but the way I think about it, he gives it some special charm to the voice. Those who are irish themselves are probably not going to agree, just to warn you wonderful irishmen out there a way to think of it is that Shay is IrishAmerican. I dont know if thats going to help though, but it might.The story of the game I quite like. Its not a masterpiece of a story, but its good. It takes place in the Seven Years War. This is not really that focused on, although, you get that its in that period, since there are some aspects about it. They are, however, trying to do as much as they can with Shays story, which is why were here! I have played it through three times now, so that tells you at least what I think. The sad thing about the story is that its quite short. Its only six sequences long. But its a good story anyway, so I personally dont really mind. For those who actually wants more from Shay after the game is over, I highly recommend reading these digital Assassins Creed Rogue Comics they are free, I promise made by Sunsetagain. Those are amazing, and for me at least, they made me like this game even more. You can find them at Deviantart, or at Sunsetagains Tumblr page. she also make comics about other AC games, and some TV shows. There are also some familiar faces among the characters of Rogue from Assassins Creed III and Black Flag, as well as some new faces, which is quite fun.There might be some minor cringy moments in the story, but thats only some MINOR things. But this is probably caused by the animations and the sound effects. The game sadly lacks a little in this part because it was kind of a small game, because of Assassins Creed Unity. That year, Assassins Creed Unity was the big game, the game that were in the focus, and therefore, that game had the most funding. So thats a little sad. But nothing is perfect, in my opinion. I actually like things with a little flaws. Flaws brings a little charm to the table, which I have to say that Rogue does fairly well.The gameplay is really similar to Black Flag, with the running, the killing, the missions, and the naval aspect of the game. The Morrigan is the new ship of the game, a heavily modified sloopawar for that time. To be honest, I wasnt the biggest fan of the Jackdaw from Black Flag, but she grew on me later on. But the Morrigan is a little better, for those who thought that the Jackdaw was a little slow, and hard to manouver. The Morrigan is faster, both at speed and manouvering. This is because The Morrigan is smaller than the Jackdaw. If you are like me, you will find the Morrigan to be quite cozy. I actually love this ship, AND WISH UBISOFT WOULD MAKE A MORRIGAN SHIP MODEL FOR ME TO BUILD!!! I think of the Morrigan as a second home to myself please dont judge me for my cheesy manners. POkay, to be honest, there are alot of people that doesnt like this game, and thats perfectly okay. This game is not for the liking to everyone. But I strongly believe that if some more of the open minded people in the world were to try this game, they would quite enjoy it, or perhaps even love it, such as myself. This game is fantastic, because its my little own gem. It has such a small fan base, and I would love it if people could see the masterpiece that I do. Of course, again, it has some minor problems. That is just nickpicking, in my opinion, but that is for you to decide wheither you think so or not.If you are wondering wheither you should buy this game, then I say, absolutely. Go for it. I would strongly recommend it on PC, since thats where the betetr graphics are, and the smoothest experience. I payed it on PS3 first, and it doesnt really hold up as good. I am really looking forward to playing it on PS4 later on, since I myself love this game.