If you liked Assassins Creed 4 Black Flag, heres more of it!In a way similar to what Brotherhood or Revelations were to AC2, this game uses the exact same engine and gameplay mechanics as AC4, but takes place elsewhere and also adds a lot of new gimmicks and side activities. For example, since you play a Templar, you have sidequests to protect assassination targets instead of killing them. You get a silenced rifle for the sleep/berserk darts, with an extra dart type to detonate explosive barrels or attract attention to where it was shot. You also get a grenade launcher that has explosive/sleep/berserk grenades. All of this is fun to use to fool around with the enemies, who mostly arent a challenge unless youre always trying to not get spotted.Piracy, whaling, hunting and crafting are back, diving is gone, those super ships are in again, theres a lot more areas to explore and convoys to raid, ship weapons are mostly the same, theres more types of collectibles, and the British soldiers are your friends this time sort of.Like AC4, its not a game thats very concerned with stealth. Theres the occasional side objective to not get spotted, but you can generally kill a whole street worth of dudes to escape.One annoying addition to the game hidden assassins. Youll hear whispers growing louder as you approach an assassin whos hidden in the bushes, on the roof, or in a crowd. If you come too close, theyll dart out and stab you, then run away again. Theres a LOT of these dudes, but fortunately if you kill them, they stay gone.Storywise, it takes place between AC4 and AC3, and uses characters from both. I assume it would be pretty hard to follow if you hadnt played both AC3 and 4 before. Theres a visit to another AC game later on, but its more of a cameo. Its an absolutely nonessential story if thats all youre here for, but then theyve all kind of felt like that since Ezios trilogy ended. The way the main character defects from the Assassins and how steadfast he is in remaining with the Templars are kind of wonky, as is the main characters Irish accent. Thematically its a new spin on things, with you hunting down your old associates, but not enough time was spent with them beforehand to really have that make an impact.The metastory takes place in the same setting AC4 did Abstergo Entertainment  a Templar front company. I dont think youre the same character from AC4, but its not that clear. While AC4s metastory had hints of what happened to the First Civilization, this one doesnt. Its honestly not essential either, but the documents you find do flesh out the backstory somewhat.So if you want more AC4, here you go. If you want the next evolution in Assassins Creed mechanics, or a story that feels like more than a stopgap, look into Assassins Creed Unity pretty underrated from what Ive played so far. 