The most important question Is this game fun?Answer YES!Like everyone else has said, its pretty much like Black Flag with a few minor additions and a very slight change in scenery, so if you liked Black Flag, then you should enjoy Rogue, too.That said, its not AS polished as Black Flag was. It feels like maybe they skimped on the QA process with this game in order to get it out the door.Typically the AC games have had a polished introduction that walks you through all the major concepts, and gives you a good sense of who your character is, but not Rogue. Not only do you have no idea who your character is besides his name and that hes somehow associated with some kind of crew, but this game starts you out on an island where you can start picking up collectibles and treasure maps and all that stuff right off the bat, so it sort of expects you to be familiar with the mechanics... but then later walks you through concepts that youve already done. There were all sorts of questions that remained unanswered Am I an assassin already or am I enroute to becoming one? Who are these other characters around me? How did we get here if the captains ship is miles away? What are we doing here?.In the very first intro mission, one of the optional objectives is to not be detected by the guards while you take them all out. However, the game doesnt really explain what constitutes detection. Does the appearance of a red circle indicate detection, or is it only when its filled, etc...? I hadnt played Black Flag in several months, so I couldnt remember off the top of my head and I restarted that memory several times trying to achieve complete stealth. It was only AFTER all of the mission criteria was completed rescuing the prisoners, not just killing all the guards that I was awarded the optional objective. So again, several small things that could have felt a little more smooth, but it was still fun to play.There have been a couple major bugs that Ive come across. For example, at the end of one mission, youre suppose to air assassinate a bad guy to get 100 synchronization. However, the guy was stuck in some water and therefore did not go anywhere and could not be air assassinated. I could still shoot him to finish the mission, but if youre the type that likes the 100 success rate, you might need to replay some of the missions. In some cases, I was never informed of a second optional objective until AFTER the mission was finished, making me have to replay it for that 100 rating.There are LOTS of mediumsized, annoying bugs like getting trapped inside a wall, having your body or other bodies disappear on rare occasion, and stuff like that. The most annoying bugs have to be the little navigation/freerunning bugs, where you are standing next to a completely climbable wall, yet the character will simply refuse to climb unless you run AWAY from the wall and then come back to it. There are also short rock walls that should definitely be climbable running up them even puts half your body above the next level, but he just falls back down, forcing you to find an even shorter wall. Shay also seems very a little too eager to jump off into the middle of nothingness and fall to his death, even with a perfectly good haystack or other leapoffaithcatcher mechanism nearby.Some bugs are just minor glitches with easy fixes  when I first ran the game on a 1920x1200 monitor in a multimonitor setup, the setup menu didnt detect my resolution, and so it left it as Unknown but when I tried to switch to the windowed mode without setting the resolution first, the game would crash. Again, small things, easy fixes.As far as the graphics go, I dont know what other people are whining about with graphics  I think they look pretty good. Maybe people are getting spoiled and expect leaps and bounds with every single new release of a game. I feel like Black Flag was a little brigher and more colorful, whereas Rogue has a more dreary/darker color palette, but its not like theyre bad graphics by any means, and the game runs fantastic with all the settings turned up.