This is gonna be a simple and short review, so let me start by saying that Assassins Creed Rogue is commonly missunderstood as a game which is just a Black Flag copy, crappy short irelevent story, AC 3 prequel and all other things. This is because it was sadly overshadowed and ignored because the game was released with AC Unity,  the game that had a ton of hype. Ironically though, its a lot better than Unity.But let me just tell you that its none of those things I counted.Assassins Creed Rogue definitely has many simmilarities with Black Flag, but they are NOT the same games. Rogue actually has more and new features than in Black Flag.I love the story of the game, even though it was quite short, I love it. It follows the story of Shay Cormac, a former Assassin who saw and dealt with the wrong ways of the Assassin brotherhood and the path of ignorance, selfishness and  arrogance they were heading. It takes place before the events of Assassins Creed 3, even though this story was most probably not planned when AC 3 was in the making, they did a good job of presenting and explaining the ages before AC 3 took place.In general, Assassins Creed Rogue is an awesome game. I love Black Flag and I love AC 3 aswell, but I preffer Rouge because it is the MOST well optimized AC game in the last generation of AC games. It has great outfits, a great set of weapons such as swords and pistols, doing side stuff like collecting fragments or quest items, and completing locations are all very fun. The naval combat is also a bit different because you have a puckle gun and you can actually be boarded this time unlike in Black Flag, and you can actually escape combat. You get a silent rifle and a grenade launcher throughout the story aswell.The world is awesome, even though theres only 1 major city which is New York, theres ton of exploration to be had here. The Naval system is fun aswell, you take part of the British campaign in the 7 years war and help the British conquer lands.To simplify the game, its a game that was made of Black Flags engine, but it has more and new features. An entire new beautiful map. A great short story. Tons of side stuff to do. Different tools and weapons. New and cooler outfits. More ship upgrades etc.I definitely reccomend you buy this game, if you loved Black Flag, you will LOVE this game aswell.