If Rogue is the Ubifuture, then it is an ubifuture I want to ubilive in.Assassins Creed Rogue was the little brother of Unity, both releasing on the same day. For reasons unknown Theyre totally known Ubisoft delayed Rogue for Pc by like 5 months. A bold move that paid off.My machine is poop garbage. GT 640, i3. Turrible. Black Flag at 20 FPS. I had no hopes for Rogue, but damnit, it proved me wrong. 60 steady fps on medium settings, it really never dipped at all. The game looks the same as Black Flag, but it isnt badly ported.The story of Rogue is a tale of tragedy. We follow Shay Patrick Cormac, Assassin and five time winer of the coveted, Most Irish Name award. Cormac is guided by Achilles, Connors angry black mentor from Assassins Creed 3. After it turns out that Achilles isCormac runs away and is adopted by the Templars. Now he  is quite angry, and wants to assassinate his former assassin brothers, in a cruel twist of fate. The story will finally wrap up the Kenway saga. It will Link Assassins Creed 3, Black Flag, Unity, and even WATCHDOGS.The gameplay is like Black Flag, with a little bit of Black Flag thrown in. You sail your boat, burning boats and doing pirate things. Youre not a pirate. It also has a bit of AC3 in it, with a frontier styled map. There are also a TON of collectibles. I love collecting things. And stuff, cant forget stuff. Ive spent at least 20 hours just collecting and admiring the scenery. For a game set in such a horrible era like the 7 years war, it sure is damn pretty.The music is a a mix of all the previous AC themes put together in beautiful Frankenstein harmony. The main theme consists of Ezios Family, with a bit of AC4 and AC3 thrown in. Its to symbolize that this is the end of the previous gen of Assassins Creed, and a new, buggier generation has been birthed.The bad parts about Rogue is the fact that it is about 8 hours long if you do nothing but the story. There are bugs that have transfered over from Black Flag that they never fixed. Most Like 95 of Cormacs animations are borrowed directly from Edward Kenway, and the new ones are very stiff and awkward looking.Rogue has become one of my favourite PC games by Ubisoft in recent years, especially since its not a horrible monstrosity.