Assassins Creed Rogue, released in 2014, is a game published by Ubisoft and developed by Ubisoft Sofia. Rogue is a fictional and historical third person actionadventure game set a year after Assassins Creed IV Black Flag. Rogue is set in the French and Indian War of 17541763 that consists of the French Army, Native American Army, and British Army. The two main factions in the game are the Templar Order and the Assassin Brotherhood. The game is seen through the perspective of the Templar Order and played through Shay. You, the player, play as Shay Patrick Cormac, a tough and confident Assassin and Templar. The game is a very solid game that has a good story, a very strong set of side missions and excellent technical performance.Rogue has a good story. It takes you through the period inbetween Assassins Creed III through Achilles and Haytham Kenway and Black Flag through Adewale. Its your typical AC story. Whoever you may be you are to find the Pieces of Eden with shocking outcomes based off those artifacts. Shay, who mainly plays alongside Haytham in the later stages of the game, is in a race essentially against the Brotherhood. The missions are fun. The graphics spice up the atmosphere of certain missions while the naval combat enhances the game because there are missions in the ocean, allowing the game to have a nice balance with land and sea missions. I completed the game in 19 hours and 45 minutes so I would assume I completed the main story within 15 hours. I will note players can probably get at least 40 hours of the game. But, I would say the campaign was rushed in certain parts notably the ending. The ending was solid but not better because the story overall was limited. The game concluded stories including the story of Hope and Shay but it could not complete other stories such as Achilles because the game was set before Assassins Creed III. The final cutscene was interesting but again it did not close the story with Shay particularly, it just left it open to interpretation, which I felt was not the right ending.The side missions were excellent because the side missions actually added to the game. There are a boatload full of content in the game, which is great too. But, tons of current games feature side missions that are filler to add playability to the game. However in Rogue, the side missions add further to the background of the series and have other stories that cover situations within Abstergo Industries among other missions. For instance, you, the unspecified player working in the Animus in the game, have to fix the cores of the computers with a minigame and once completed you garner a nice and simple video that discusses things within the company such as events that had occured. The stories for example are nothing extreme though they do add some context to the companys operations or the first civilisation, and so forth. As for my experience, I completed 52 of the game, which is the main story and some other content. I do not find the incentive to play more of the game because the main story is finished, that is the only reason. If the main story was not finished I would have played through most to all of the content in the game.The technical performance is extremely stable and smooth in Rogue. In comparison to ACIII that was released two years prior, this exceeds the performance of that game in every aspect. I achieved a constant 5560FPS throughout the game whereas in modern times I achieved a stable 3045FPS. In ACIII I was on a 4560FPS for the majority of the game and 1525FPS for modern day. I praise the developers for successfully optimising this game as this was a port from Xbox 360 and Playstation 3.The game featured good new characters in Rogue but also characters that you come to expect from Black Flag and III. Shay is a great character with his mannerisms and his brilliant voice acting. Shays dialogue is strong because he is very confident in his actions, particularly his saying of I make my own luck. His voice acting meets the different circumstances in the game. For instance, if he was bleeding from the stomach and he had dialogue you could tell the difference as he would struggle to speak. If Shay was angry you could tell in his deeper voice tones. This was something that lacked in ACIII as many characters in that game had a a lack of variety in voice tones. The other new Rogue characters are good. Hope is a standout with her elegant personality and her viciousness in action.The only negatives I encompassed with the game were minor. A notable glitch was the sound. Frequently throughout the game there would be a double sound for animations such as in the sword fighting. Secondly, accessing the naval campaign was annoying because there was no simple entry into it like in previous games with their variations. The naval campaign is contract based, equal event to brotherhood missions in previous games. Again though, nothing major but a slight annoyance. There were other very minor bugs but are not big enough to list them as I noticed them maybe twice.Overall, AC Rogue is a good game. It was not a good game but it was not average. The story in Rogue was good but had an abrupt ending. The side missions in Rogue were awesome and added a lot of context to the background storylines of the series. The technical optimisation is a hit as the game was smooth and stable throughout. The characters were really good adding a vast mix of personalities from previous games and a line of new characters. I would recommend this game. At 32.95 I would recommend a full purchase because it really is a nice game that has not many issues at all. I would not recommend the Digital Deluxe Edition at full price but if on sale I would recommend. 7.5/10Thanks for reading my review! If you like my reviews and care to read more, feel free to join Antwogs Analysis Reviews.If you have questions comment below or post in Antwogs Analysis Reviews general discussion page. If you liked it, give it a rating.