I have mixed feelings about this game. I got it because Unity is too broken to play based on other peoples reviews. So when the sale was going around, aka summer sale, I got it. Since I never played Unity I cant say how the gameplay is or story. So Ill talk about how I feel about this game.The gameplay is very similiar to AC4. Gameplay being for me atmosphere of the game. Youre on a ship sometimes and land other times. You gonna go from one place to the other a lot. The map of where you can go is different. You can got to 3 different locations which is pretty cool. Each location has a different evironment. You can modify your ship again with armor and bascially the same stuff as AC4.Note I have seen a lot of bugs in this game. Like the character disapearing in cutscenes. A simple reload always does the trick. But it is annoying.The story is kind of boring. The whole point of this is to see the main character Shay go from Assassin to Templar and thats all I was waiting for. And going along with that, since I just wanted to see that I didnt really care about his Shay early assassin missions. So I finished the main story pretty quick but if I explored more I would have gotten more hours into it. One thing I did like is that some of the missions didnt feel like filler missons and if felt like an actual mission. Example being, Go get this item for this guy, then do something for another guy. The missions in this feels more like a mission. Like youre actually accomplishing something.The combat is kind of fluid, it has a lot of the same moves from AC4, but the other motions that they added in are clunky. The game looks good, but again takes me back to AC4.I know this isnt a great review for something I recommend, but this final bit is why I do. This game wraps up the Kenway Story from AC3 and AC4. Also at the very end it has a scene from. It just concludes so many unclosed doors, so to speak, from these two games that left out so much. I recommend this game if you want their story to be finished and never told ever again.I dont think this game is as good as the others and not worth the 50. Get it when it goes on sale, I got it when it was 20. So for me it was a decent buy.Thanks for reading. 