last time and first time i ever played this game in the franshise series was when it was just released as a finished producti also bought unity.oh.. how i regret buying them both.youd think that this game frashise of top quality aaa games would keep on going. showering us with epic games even in the worst of times.but no.the first time i started this up i went and did the gameplay like normal. but when it got to the boats it got bad.you cant even swim for longer then a few seconds before freezing to death wich is basicly like a major finger to island exploration.but i didnt mind it too much. you know, every game has its lesser components and its more fun stuff just ignore the bad lol.but then i noticed one of those shipwrecks in the sea with its cargo ready for looting! i parked my ship close by, then rushed over there be4 i froze and looted all the stuffs. but then things got glitchy. the game wasnt working correctly, and it skipped alot. like the video just decided to skip 5 seconds of gameplay. now get this. at 10 seconds before the ship was going to blow the countdown shows this ingame in the middle of the screen top. 10 seconds wich i still had time. the boat exploded. i got the old recorder effects wich signify game over and the game crashed. it quit to desktop.never touched it again. thats right. played at release. stopped at release.also revelations and unity seemed wayyy too storylinebased. where did the freeroaming open world go?now im a major fan of assassins creed games.. and while i absolutely hate some games in teh franshise most are top quality. so now im heavily doubting wether to buy the new one syndicate for the last 3 or so games in a row dissapointed me heavily.. and im doubting wether this one will be like the latest ones... wich where not for me.just my 2 cents and my opinion on this. i have no idea why this rogue has been marked as very positive. but it mightave improved? i dunno. when i played it it was unrewarding glitchy highly unstable and irritating.no offence to anybody, as a matter of fact this is purely my experience. i honestly wouldnt mind if people disagree. i will probbably not even pay much attention to this post anymore anyways. just a load off off my mind.the walls of tekst are real though. walls of tekst is like a ugly puppy dog with a home. not loved by anyone exept itself and its caretaker/writer. everybody hates walls of tekst  show me the walls of tekst! accept the puppy! accept the walls of tekst! and im sure it will accept you in return as well thats basicly it. 