Quite frankly, Im mixed on this game. Its a good, wellmade game. I havent had any serious problems or bugs while playing with it outside of the usual small ones that tend to come with AC games, like getting stuck floating/falling between two people, clipping issues, and ragdolls freaking out.That being said, there just doesnt feel like theres that much new to the game. Did you like Assassins Creed 4? Well here you go. Its essentially the same game.Wanna walk through the exact same environments in Abstergo Industries to hack/fix computers and pick up tablets? Well, its all here. Only instead of hacking into security rooms occasionally, theyre still on the map but impossible to enter, with either an error message on the doors console or a guard standing in front of the door, saying You cant come in here, orders are orders any time you are within 10 feet of him.Did you like the naval combat from AC4? Did you like that boring trading minigame? Well, thats all back, with essentially no changes and similiar, if not the same, UI.There was one aspect of the game that I thought was original, and thats the stalkers, which sort of try to recreate the old multiplayer aspects into singleplayer. Theyre enemy assassins who will hide in bushes and haystacks and rooftops and ambush you as you get close, though you get a warning with weird whispering and screen effects. And then I remembered that those same exact enemies were in Assassins Creed Revelations, and I completely forgot about them.So, if you liked the gameplay from Assassins Creed 4, this is basically an expansion pack on that, though a bit more limited. No diving sections, for example.So, what about the story? A lot of other reviewers have praised the story, and I somewhat agree with them. The game doesnt try to cover as many characters and as many years as AC 3 and 4 did, so everything seems to fit a bit better without weird gaps where a character will show up hours later and I can barely remember him.However, the story is a bit frustrating because the entire plot is based around every character being idiotic and not knowing how to communicate. You know all those romance movies where theres a misunderstanding or miscommunication, and the leads breakup, but by the end they reconcile and learn the truth? Its basically the same in this game, only with less reconciling and more stabbing.I did enjoy the game, and I put a lot of hours in it. But I also got it on sale, and thats how I would recommend it. Treat it like a standalone expansion pack to AC4, and try to get it on sale. 