 Ubisoft Sofia, Ubisoft Kiev UbisoftAssassins Creed Rogue was horribly overshadowed by Unity. They were both released close together, yet Unity got all the attention, despite how horrible unoptimized and downright unplayable it was for a time. But forget Unity. Assassins Creed Rogue is where its at. Taking on the role of Shay Cormac, a cocky, headstrong fledgling Assassin trained by the Assassin Brotherhood of Achilles, you are taken on one hell of a journey that brings to light what the Assassins have in store for the world. In light of certain events, Shay decides to turn his back on his Brothers, betrays them, and then joins the Templars. Using the skills he learned under Assassin tutelage, Shay is now an Assassin Hunter. Taking place in 18th century North America, Assassins Creed Rogue is the first game in the acclaimed series where you play as a member of the opposing faction the Templars.We all know how Assassins Creed plays. The series has been around for many years now. You are an employee at Abstergo Industries, using a device called the Animus to explore the memories of different figures from the past. In this installment, you dive into the memories of Assassin Shay Cormac. The main draw of Rogue is the story, the turns it takes, and the likeable and downright badass main character, but it uses many of the familiar mechanics and control schemes of previous titles. A lot of the mechanics and features from Black Flag return for Rogue, including sailing your own ship and upgrading it. Though there isnt nearly as much of the ship element involved as there was in Black Flag, its been refined and is much more enjoyable. If it aint broke, dont fix it is the saying that comes to mind.Assassin skills only carry Shay so far, and for everything else he depends on the various tools at his disposal. In addition to the basic tools of the trade such as the Hidden Blades, the pistol set, the dagger/sword set, and Eagle Vision, Shay also has access to a number of other tools to aid him in his journey. As you progress the story you will slowly unlock these tools. The first of which is an Air Rifle. Naturally silent, the sleek Air Rifle fires 3 types of darts Sleep, Berserk, and Firecracker. Sleep darts put the target to sleep, berserk darts cause their target to enter a state of uncontrollable rage, attacking anything nearby, and firecracker darts are used to create lures or distractions. Along with the air rifle, you also have a prototype grenade launcher. A smaller version of what we are used to from other game, this grenade launcher has 3 different grednades Sleep, Berserk, and Shrapnel. Sleep and Berserk grenades work the same way their dart counterparts do, exact in a small are of effect. Shrapnel grenades are essentially small bombs that take down targets in their radius. Another smaller tool is the Rope Dart, which can be used to grapple and drag targets around, or outright hang them.A new mechanic introduced by Rogue are the Stalkers. These are NPC assassins that hide everywhere and are out to kill Shay. These are introduced after a certain part of the story, and easily the mosty annoying feature of the game. They will jump from on top of buildings on top of you as you are going to your next objective and backstab you, oftentimes killing you before you even know whats going on. Luckily, the game provides you a sort of compass to find them before they find you in Eagle Vision. You also know when you get close to one when you hear whispering.Collectibles make a return from previous installments, and there are a TON Animus Fragments, Templar Maps, Prosperity Gems, Shanties, and Chests are scattered around every location. Half the fun of the game is finding all of these collectibles. Some of them, such as the Prosperity Gems, will benefit you in some way, by increasing your income from various sources. Templar Maps points you to hidden treasures at certain, very specific locations. Shanties unlock new songs for your ships crew to sing while traveling on the sea. Some chests contain Blueprints, which are basically your ultimate ship upgrades. Crafting makes a return, using items you skin or gather from animals you hunt. Also outfits.Some new mechanics you will also find are Renovations and Gang HQs/Economic Centers. Renovations are buildings scattered about that can be rebuilt using resources you find, such as stone, cloth, and wood. Gang HQs and Economic Centers are small strongholds that can be taken over to provide you permanent income and act as Fast Travel points. These Economic Center and Renovations both provide income, which can be collected from the Bank in your Captains Quarters on your ship, or at Banks in each Economic Center. All of these are worth investing in, as soon you will have more money that youll know what to do with.Rogue looks just as good as Black Flag. Absolutely stunning. All the little details really stand out, such as facial hair. It looks very realistic. Assassins Creed has always been one of the leaders in video game graphics, alongside other companies like SquareEnix, and it shows in Rogue. The UI seems a bit more cleaned up than in previous titles, and the map is very clear and expansive.Some of the best looking moments are when you are sailing the high seas. Whether in the frozen northern areas or the warmer climates, the water looks absolutely stunning. Your ship also behaves on the waves as real ships do. Its this attention to these small details that really set things apart from others.The soundtrack is rather good. The main theme of Rogue, featured on the title screen and in a very few cutscenes, has some amazing yet haunting vocals, and some other influences.Sound effects are great. Gunshots sound authentic, and sound true to 18th century weaponry. Sword clashes are awesome, as well as cannonfire from your ship. Nothing is really out of place, and sound great.I had no issues whatsoever with Rogue. 60 FPS at all times, no lag or stuttering. PC Specs on my profile. The game didnt crash, ever, and while it does require Uplay, I barely noticed it at all. Once I activated the game on Uplay, the only time I ever saw it even existed was for a few brief seconds as the game launched.I highly recommend playing with a controller. The mouse/keyboard controls work, and are alright to use, but I feel a controller is the way to go. The game just feels better this way. The default control scheme was perfect. I didnt have to make any changes at all, as the defaults were comfortable and easy to remember.Assassins Creed Rogue is probably the best game in the series thus far. Offering a viewpoint from the Templars on the opposing side of the war, it shows us a great story viewed through the eyes of a very likeable character. Fun new weapons/tools, improved ship handling and mechanics, coupled with tons of things to do and collect make Rogue a great addition to your Steam and Uplay library. The only downside is that the story is rather short. It only took me about 10 hours to complete all the story missions. However there are enough side missions and objectives, as well as collectibles, to keep you playing for upwards of 4050 hours.