Ive played all of the Assassins Creed games and I have to say, this is the best Assassins Creed game Ive played since Brotherhood, but I cannot deny that this game is VERY buggy and was, no doubt, rushed It is made by Ubisoft after all.The parkour system in this game is, by far, the worst its ever been, it has the same basis as Black Flag but the terrain was not polished at all. There are alot of places that look climbable but theyre actually not, they are found mainly in the islands. While they are not that common in big towns, like Albany, New York, etc.. You will be spending most of your time on the islands and not in the main cities. You can see how bad the parkour system is when you have to chase someone, or something, like a shanty for example. Having said that, I dont really care for parkour in AC games, thats why its not a big deal for me.The combat is pretty much the same thing as it was in Black Flag, even though Shay has a new type of weapon sword and dagger its basically the same thing with one or two new animations slapped on so you cant say its just a reskin. Shay has reduced health and cant take many hits even with max upgrades, which makes Blazing your way through a fortress filled with snippers, dozens of armed men,grenadiers and captains slightly harder... It is still very possible and easy to do so though.The naval battles have changed a bit, for example, heavy shot and mortars in Black Flag used to be all you needed to win, atleast thats how I did it. Here... Not so much, those weapons are pretty much just as effective as the rest of them.The explosive barrels Not sure what they were called in English, I only know their name in my language have been replaced with fire...Fire... On the sea, it is not explained why you can leave a blazing trail of glorious fire on the sea.Regardless, its just as useless as it was in Black Flag... I think they tried to make the combat a bit more challenging, because I did notice the enemies became a tad stronger and more resistant to my attacks, Ive only seem that in the lesser ships though, e.g schooners to brigs, beyond that they are really easy to take down, in fact the Men o War are ridiculously easy to destroy and board, hell, even the legendary ships were a walk in the park. Having said that, I think they were just as fun, epic and awesome as the previous game.Stealth mechanics are the same as Black Flag, but enemies sometimes do have xray vision and can spot you through a wall a mile away, snipers will sometimes shoot you through the wall... Thats all I have to talk about for stealth.New mechanics Most of what Im about to tell you is not explained in the game, you have to go to the tutorial section and look for them there.Theres a new elevator system, basically its 3 walls made of wood where Shay will just wall jump his way to the top in the worst animated way ever, there is also  2 hooks connected through a wire between rooftops so you can do basically what you did in revelations to go around slightly faster, just so you cant complain that the cities are too sparse, you can sometimes swing from a rope to another building like you used to do on your boat. You can renovate buildings that are spread around the map, that increases your income, when you renovate all of them you get an achievement, an abstergo challenge and a ugly sword with good stats. When you renovate the buildings youll most of the times not even see the difference, it will look just as run down as before, there is also a thing called prosperity rewards, it means when you collect five of them you get a boost to goods you salvage of boarded ships and to your income which brings me to the final new mechanic Income. Every 20 minutes you get an X ammount of money depending how much prosperity,buildings you renovated and settlements/areas youve freed. At first its a miserable ammount, but by the end youll be swimming in money.You also have your fleet which you can capture ships and send them there so they can complete missions and earn you rewards, like money,figureheads,sails,collectibles,wheel,swords,pistols,and,outfits. At first the missions will be really short, like 10 minutes or so to complete a mission, but in the later levels, like 20 and up it will take you nearly 2 hours JUST to complete one mission, this is specially bad when youve got nothing to do and youre just waiting for the timer to tick down. This is just an excuse that Ubisoft got to make the game seems longer than what it actually is. Which brings me to my next point Game length.This game is VERY short. I have completed EVERYTHING to do in the North Atlantic, completed the main story, did all the side quests collected 62 abstergo challenges, collected every costume but two, got all the upgrades for both Shay and the Morrigan, got every sword but two, collected all the pistol sets,took down every gang HQ, every settlement, every fort, discovered every location,got all the templar maps,completed all assassin interceptions,all legendary ships, almost every hunting challenge. renovated almost every building and completed every single naval mission and Ive only played 28.6 hours. It would be even shorter if Ubisoft didnt make you collect a ridiculous ammount of stuff just to unlock an outfit or whatever.This game is a very good port. When I try to run Black Flag I get about 40fps at 768p on medium, but here I can turn it up to ultra on 768p and I play at a constant 60fps and the games have the same spec requirements, sometimes, when youre in a very intense situation with alot of ships, smoke everywhere, everyone firing, it can dip to 40fpsish. But other than that, youre fineIn conclusion, this game is very fun and addicting, there were times where I would be up until 6 a.m playing this game. If youre a person that enjoys these games for the parkour, jumping around and climbing everything like a monkey or you just cannot tolerate glitches that break immersion on your game then this game is not for you. However if youre looking for a fun pirate game, with some awesome combat mechanics and dont mind having your character flip out, jump into the clouds or killing someone and they looking like ragdolls flying everywhere then this game is for you 