Like many others, I was unsure about this game. When launch day arrived, I saw that people were giving it good reviews so decided to get it. Im glad I did.Shay is an interesting and worthy character. This is an interesting and worthy game with a story that I appreciate having the privilege of experiencing. Yes, it can get uncomfortable at times having to do the things Shay does. However, it was also innovative of them to have a game from the point of view of someone that goes rogue.Rogue feels and plays a lot like Black Flag. However, story wise, it seems more fitting as a companion piece to 3. Theres even a connection towell, I wont spoil it but if and when you do see it coming, its quite a neat little addition.Its not perfect and I admit that graphics wise, it does feel somewhat dated compared to Unity. However, the simple fact is that, Rogue is a fun game, a lot more fun then Unity. Some will find the combat too easy. While it is easy aside from some opponents that can be a pain to fight compared to Unity, or at least easier, its still a good game.Yes, as with Black Flag, there are ship upgrades you more or less need to have, some of which require a lot ship boarding to be able to afford that can get repetitive. Wether this is an issue or not depends on how much you enjoy the ship combat sections. If you dont, it is a bit of a drawback. However, unlike Black Flag, there are far less of the at times infuriating tailing missions that plagued Black Flag. So, at least we have that.  Also, unless Im remembering wrong, there isnt quite as much emphasis on the ship missions though there still are plenty so the issue of having to upgrade the ship while there, isnt omnipresent.Having played the main story through to completion with plenty still left to do side activity wise, I admit that Rogue doesnt feel quite as large as the other games. However, its still an overall worthy experience where the annoyances that popup from time to time that in all fairness are a part of just about any Assassins Creed game dont seem to drag the overall game down. In fact, the annoyances are the sort you may well forget about or at least try to forget about as to not taint the game because of one small annoying part or part of a mission that went wrong etc.Ill end this review saying that this is an Assassins Creed game. Its a good game that shows us some interesting things that we perhaps didnt know we were missing from the more recent games. Even though it might feel uncomfortable to play the role Shay plays at times, I think making a game where you do as such was innovative and a diversion that we needed.