Assassins Creed Rogue was pretty good. I actually liked it more than I was expecting to. And I think that is largely because of the varying ways you can explore the world. I cant say if I liked it more than Unity or not, as the story is pretty short. If youre not doing any of the side content, naval missions, running around and clearing areas of Assassin gangs, the story could probably be beat in just under six hours. But because its just like the more recent Assassins Creed gangs, where theres various side quests and all of this exploring and collecting treasures, you can spend a lot of time playing this game. I got to the point where I did tire myself from constantly going from location to location, collecting treasures, sea shanty lyrics, prosperity raises your income, renovating buildings, treasure maps, and I think its because they tried to fill in as much as they could. It just got repetitive after a while. It would have been nice if Ubisoft actually utilized all of these locations theyd made for the seperate worlds instead of just throwing them there and adding all of these collectables. Outside of the main story, some of these locations are completely pointless and dont require a second visit. Thats my main issue with this game, the surmounting amount of locations that are ultimately irrelevant.The story is pretty good. I liked it. I liked the different perspective of how treacherous the Assassins can be, how theyll want to stop the Templars by any means, and to secure the precursor items even if it means destroying a city. Thats how Shay Cormac ends up betraying the Assassins after hes sent to Lisbon to acquire a precursor box, the great Lisbon earthquake of 1751 happens, and the destruction is similar to how it actually did happen in real life. The entire citys infrastructure is destroyed and lopsided, and it angers Shay. After being shot in the back by his fellow Assassins, he falls off a cliff and is left for dead. But the Templars save him and nurture him back to health. Although the Templars can be ruthless, it shows that they do show sympathy and empathy. The story is also great as it covers, at least it tries to cover, the FrenchIndian War of the 1750s. They could have done a better job of referring to some of the missions and campaigns though. If you do take over the number of forts in the North Atlantic and the River Valley, then you do get a perspective of how it was mostly a naval war, but defeating those forts is pretty much optional. The main story doesnt require it. Still, I did nearly everything, defeated every fort, went to every viewpoint.The worlds design, well, I have complaints. The north Atlantic is okay. They at least tried to design Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, New Brunswick, and the southern shore of Quebec, and the various small islands in the area. But its scaled down so much and the only relevant areas are, more or less, Halifax, St. Johns, and Anticosti, plus some of the wilderness areas. Its not and the area is quite big in terms of square miles, not as big as the West Indies in Black Flag, obviously, but still kind of big. The textures are nice. I definitely liked the weather system. It was a lot better than the River Valley area, which was my biggest complaint in this game. I dont know who laid out that area, but they should be fired. Ive never seen something so dumb. Its a stupid combustion of river valley land in a square, that ranges from Mount Vernon, Virginia, to southern Quebec. None of that makes sense. Mount Vernon is directly west of Sleepy Hollow, NY. And Sleepy Hollow is basically just westsouthwest of Albany, NY. Who designed this? I live not to far from the Genesee river and have explored most of its length and I can tell you that the Genesee region shown in the game looks nothing like how it should. There are high mountains in what should be the Catskills, but the Catskills look nothing like how they do in the game. Hell, they threw in some landmarks on some made up geography in scattered locations, some of them cities that arent accurate to history, and called it a day. This is basically the opposite of what Ubisoft does for their other games. Theyve at least attempted to treat cities with some historical accuracy. What they did in the River Valley was a joke. Its not like the story in the River Valley part was bad, just awful design.Overall, this game was good, but not great. 7.9/10