Well, I can not in good conscience recommend the game.First of all, there are no improvement over black flag, if anything, it is a lot worse.The map designs are as bad as they are in most  AC games, unfortunately. Free running, but only on paths the level designer allow. So, you end up in many spots, where the ground is just above your knees, and you can neither climb, or jump. You can however take the long way around, which the level designer decided was the only option.At least, it does not have all those stupid dancers/fighters for hire .It does however, suffer from AC1 syndrome, which is grind... Blackflag was grindy, but the amount remained reasonable, coupled with the ship/pirating which was kinda newwith the boarding mixed with all other naval stuff going on. Rogue does not benefit from this new feeling, on top of this, the map is a LOT bigger than AC4 it seems... sound good right? Well, not so much. When you have only about 5 things you can do, but you need to do them, a LOT. That is grind, its not enjoyable. AC1 had the same issue imo...The game also suffers, like most AC games, from consoleportization, an unfortunately common disease these days... As such, every climbable points, will look exactly the same, as usual in AC games I guess. Once youve seen the 3 or 4 possible climbable textures, well, you know how it goes in other AC games... I wish theyd reworkd the maps and textures, pcs are not console, they can handle a little variety... please, enough with level designs made entirely of copy/paste from like 20 items .So the levels feels a lot like AC3/4 materials, slightly altered, and off you go. It does not feel like they bothered to design new models or textures. If they have, the addition is invisible.The voice acting from the non cinematics is atrocious. If you do not speak french, youll probably be sorta ok. If you speak french, prepare to be annoyed very quickly... The npcs keeps repeating the same 2 sentences, over and over and over and over and over... It is utterly ridiculous, and there is no immersion at all. AC4 felt a lot better on this point imo. This is particularly bad after helping out soldiers in those mini battlefield side activities. At the end of the fight, they just keep saying therell be double ration, the captain is an idiot, and we won, non stop, forewer it seems S. I am hoping it is just a bug, and will be fixed, as it is truly annoying. NPCs in towns/villages also seem to do it, with their not so random chatter, it is breaking the poor amount of immersion there is.In short, they ed it up Im nowhere near done with the story, because the game bores me so much, it is actually hard to finish it, due to boredom.A new activity was added, which consist of helping soldier in small battles. Youll get a couple of different objectives, which includes destroy something one or more, kill the captain, and cut the flag. So, same as a boarding, except it happens in a forest... and this is where it screws things up... to cut the flag, you need to be anoymous, while the flag is usually surrounded with enemies... PRoblem is, if the allies all die, you loose and have to wait to a reset... which means, because they are usually utterly worthless, youll have to run to the flag, and hope no enemies tags you, otherwise, youll usually be screwed due to the AI being utterly stupid.Couple of new weapons have been added, which are the same as before, but with a small AOE effect on them, so hardly new per say.Another addition is stalkers. Assassins trying to kill you. While I understand the concept of it, they are simply annoying. While youre trying to hide from guards, or simply exiting a mission area, being surprised by a stalker is fairly annoying. I dont really like those, sure they fit the lore, but do they REALLY need to be that many virtually everywhere? I mean, 7 stalkers, in a non mission area, in a forest, with only 2 collectibles, no village nothing? They certainly want me dead if theyre stalking virtually dead spots on the map just waiting for me... Once again, immersion breaking. It makes no sense that they can be present virtually anywhere, including in places only there to make the world seems larger, and are not included in the actual story .All in all, get it if its on sale, as in a really good sale, like 75 or more, otherwise, dont waste your money 