Assassins Creed Rogue is the last 7th gen Assassins Creed game. It runs off AC4s engine and reuses most of the same assets. Its a very overlooked and underrated game that was overshadowed by its inferior brother Assassins Creed Unity. The game serves as a prequel to Assassins Creed 3 and a sequel to Black Flag, with character appearances from both games.In Assassins Creed Rogue you play as Shay Cormac. An Assassin who becomes disillusioned with the Brotherhood and joins the Templars. The storytelling in AC Rogue is the biggest thing the game does well. The Templars in AC Rogue are portrayed as stalward defenders of peace and order, wheras the Assassins are well intentioned extremists who want freedom by any means necessary. This game actually started to make me view the actions you undertook in previous games in a completely different light. The Assassins are portrayed largely as criminals who Shay tasks himself with destroying. It feels like a much more politically Conservative game as a result. Youre not a revolutionary overthrowing a despot. You play as a man who wants to protect the things he cares about. This all feels very fresh and makes the game stand out to me compared to other games in the series. Its also one of the few games in the series where the protagonists default outfit lacks a hood.In terms of gameplay it fundamentally is the same as Black Flag. With a few changes here and there. They replaced Assassination missions with Interception missions, where you prevent assassinations. They also introduced enemies called Stalkers. Who hide in areas like haystacks and bushes similar to the player and abush you. Using similar tactics that you have employed in previous games. You also explore rivers and valleys in the Northern Atlantic as opposed to an ocean in the Carribean, so the game does have a different aesthetic style.Now while I do like Rogue and do recommend the game, its not perfect. The game is shorter than both Black Flag and AC3. And while I did enjoy the storyline it took a lot of time to really get interesting once you became a templar. The general gameplay also felt far too much like a standalone expansion pack to Black Flag. It feels too stuck in Black Flags shadow and its probably the biggest reason I cannot recommend this game at full price. If you didnt like AC4 then you also will not like this game either because of how similar it is.The best thing I can really say about Rogue is it did what it set out to do very well. I was worried that this was another example of a game with missed potential, and Im glad to say I was completely wrong. 