Assassins Creed Rogue was released in 2014 for PS3 and Xbox 360 as a parting gift, the last AC on the old generation consoles. It came to PC a few months. Set in the 1750s in North America it features Shay Patrick Cormac, an assassins turned templar as the protagonist. Thats right, this games main standout point was that you played it from a Templar point of view.As interesting as being a Templar sounds, it doesnt really change the story in any way from previous AC games. Theres first civilization relics to hunt and enemy agents to assassinate. Admitedly, it does a good job of bridging the gaps between AC Black Flag, AC 3 and even AC unity. Especially the ending really sets the stage for AC3 and its nice to see Achilles backstory, even if not featured very prominently. However, the story lacks any sort of interesting or strong characters that Black Flag or even AC3 had. None of the characters are interesting. Not even Haytham Kenway who does indeed appear in this managed to catch my interest. He wasnt the authoritative man from AC3 that gave you a unique view of the Templar vs Assassin war, he was just another quest giver telling you go kill x, go retrieve y.As for gameplay, the game is an odd mix of Black Flag and AC3. It has an open ocean to explore this time the North Atlantic and a ship to sail, the Morrigan, giving you all the privateering joyfullnes of Black Flag. But it also has the city of New York, where you are doing more traditional, AC3 style, assassination missions and liberating the city in the form of capturing forts and strategic places to earn income. The ocean stuff is fantastic but New York is just dull and not very interesting. Missed opportunity. As for the combat, its exactly the same as Black Flag and 3.Overal, I feel mixed about the game. Rogue tries to be both Black Flag and AC3 at the same time. It shines when it tries to be the former, but feels very dull and just painful when it tries to be the latter. The story is nice to see but very short and the main cast of characters not very interesting. But Id still recommend it for diehard AC fans as it does expand the story and I still had fun playing it, despite its frustrations. For newcomers, just skip it. Black Flag is a way better game and has a better story.6.5/10