Short verdict this is how theshouldve been made.takes you into the story of Shay Cormac, an assassin who turned against the Brotherhood for a somewhat dubious reason and later became a master templar, destroying the Brotherhood of Colonial Assassins in the process.Some praise the character development of the main protagonist during the game. But I cant agree to that. His judgement is emotional. His inner doubts arent revealed sufficiently. And the whole transition from an assassin to a templar feels rather rushed. Id say Shay has the personality of a teenager and his worldview is rather naive. His willingness to do good and sense of fairness are admirable, but its about the only side of him that is portrayed. I can accept such a flat personality in a video game, but real people are more complicated.Nevertheless, playing as a templar was a fresh breeze to the series. Especially, because having played all the previous titles, Ive started to doubt the whole Assassins cause. Only few people have the capacity to use their freedom wisely. Most people need guidance and control and the Templars offer just like that. Whether their methods are justifiable  that I doubt, but nonetheless.story takes place between the events of theand. It ties together the characters of both previous titles Edward Kenway, Haytham Kenway, Conor, Achilles Davenport and Adewale.This is the lastgame created onengine and as such it works perfectly. You have all the usualstuff, but at its best. For example, I struggled with ship controls in Black Flag. I had problems with manouvering and the camera. But, in, its very easy. I even took the Legenday ships down with no problem at all. Well, perhaps, this is partially explained by the fact that Morrigan is a sloopofwar, but Jackdaw was a brig. Smaller size means greater manouverability. I felt that there are not enough dryland areas inand I grew tired of the huge emphasis on naval battles, whereas, inits just the right balance. I really enjoyed exploration and taking down hostile settlements and forts.has no multiplayer. And I really dont mind it. Who even playsMP? Its dull and gets boring soon. However, the MPs stalking and killing part was transfered to the SP and you fight AI stalkers instead of other players. I think they really overdid this, because even after taking down all the gang HQs and hostile settlements, there were stalkers everywhere. Its distracting and just too much. You cant get rid of them permanently.If you buy all the DLCs, theres really a lot of weapons, outfits and collectibles you can obtain. They all are nice and cool. But I feel that the game was artificially made longer through these optional collectible and economical missions, hiding the fact that the main story is quite short. There are only six short sequences and few short present day tasks between them. Id say, if you ignore the collectibles, forts and outposts, you can finish the game in about 10 hours or even less.Also, with each new game released afterit starts to feel more and more thatjust sticks to a certain recipe. Its, as if the market department is the one writing the stories and deciding which concepts to keep and which to introduce. Sadly,starts to feel like a generic experience.Nevertheless,is my second most favouritetitle so far. I really liked the gameplay. The story was good, too, although somewhat primitive and rushed.My overall rating 8.5/10 