I like Assassins Creed games, but this isnt an AC gameits The Templars Strike Back, with Darth Shay as the protaganist. The gameplay is solid AC but rather than evolve from Black Flag, Ubi just stuck in a bunch more dreck. There are so many collectibles that serve so little purpose that there is hardly any point to trying. Shay is also loaded down with so much kit that there is no point in calling this a stealth game anymore. You can literally assault forts head on, singelhandedly, and not even empty your pouches of bullets, throwing knife why the hell does he even carry one, smoke bombs, rope darts, berserk and sleep darts from your rapid fire rifle, berserk and sleep and shrapnel bombs from your upgraded rifle....its ludicrous that Shay can even swim with this much gear, he should sink.Some of the new touches are nice the stalker mechanic is fun, the crafting is now easier and you can buy your way through instead of grinding for white whales best of all, you can skip to the end of those interminable naval battles. But this really doesnt make up for the worst storytelling I have seen in a while.SPOILERS FOLLOWI can handwave a lot for a good story, or I would be angry every time I got out of the water and immediately fired a flintlock black powder pistol. Stupid guards are to be expected, and though I hate how polite bad guys are as they wait for me to kill them one at a time, I still enjoy laying waste to them. But despite having preformulated elaborate, suicidal plans to delay Shay, when he is laying helpless at a Master Assassins feet she goes for a slow kill by taking his gas mask. After he survives that, shes poisons him and runs. So she didnt want to kill her former student personally, fine, but then why didnt she just throw away the antidote she was carrying? Bad writing. I have read high school student work that shows more appreciation for character development with more ability to carry it out. Shay saying he feels really bad about betraying and killing everybody that he ever cared about in his earlier life rings more than hollow. He is the bad guy and an ahole to boot. I kept waiting for that redeeming moment for him, and it never came. I think I would have had more fun if I could have found some way for him to die of poetic justice instead of jackbooting his way over the bodies of his friends. He isnt even an antihero, he is just a whiny punk and I feel punked for playing this game through to the end. 