Assasins Creed is an actionadventure game that was released in 2014, and is the follow up to Black Flag. People are known to slate the game for its similiarities with Black Flag, but I honestly believe that the combat and naval mechanics in Black Flag were too good to throw away. I did indeed play Black Flag and loved it, and despite the mechanics being very similar to Rogue I still loved it to bits and there was no part in the game where it felt boring.The graphics for Assassins Creed Rogue are of an A rated standard, but there are a few issues that I came across. As with Black Flag 2560x1080 was not supported despite being in the options, so I had to install a quick fix to begin playing the game, but apart from that I experienced no crashes whatsoever whilst playing this game. The only graphical issue that I had with this game was the lack of antialiasing that this game had. In Black Flag you had a selection of antialiasing options to choose from to smoothen out those jagged edges, but you only have the option to enable FXAA, which leaves rather noticeable jagged edges on objects such as rope and fences, but this isnt too noticeable on characters and will not effect your experience to a high degree. The game runs smoothly however and no stutters or lag spikes were detected.Now time to talk about the good n juicy bits of the game. New combat mechanics were implemented such as new ship upgrades and customization options which werent featured in Black Flag. You can have a nostalgic trip by purchasing some of the iconic ship customizations that were available in Black Flag, but other than that all of the customization options are unique, and they havent just dumped old content into this lovely game. New naval mechanics have been added such as the ability to leave oil trails in the ocean and set fire to them to roast your enemies WaterOilFire? and the pucker cannon can now be freely aimed, allowing you to take out poor old icebergs and take out drunken pirates who try to oppose you.Enemy ships can now ram into you, and begin to board your boat, so you get a taste of your own medicine in a sense, as you will be forced to defend yourself.You are also not able to go to the harbour master and reset your wanted rating like you were able to in Black Flag, so the only way to escape those blasted pirate hunters is by hit and running.Some new weapons have been added to the game such as the shrapnel, beszerk and sleep grenades, which gives you a larger variety of ways to take out your enemies.For those players out there who are into helping out lil NPCs then you can now renovate buildings all around the world to let pirates have fun and commit debauchery.The world itself is of huge scale so theres plenty of ocean for you to trek around in whilst singing shanties, but I felt that the world was rather monotonous, and besides the naval combat there wasnt really much purpose landing the anchor and exploring the world, unless you were interested in crafting. The world is beautifully designed, but the lack of interactiveness around the world and side quests meant that the only compelling part of the game was the story.The story completely made this game for me, as it allows you to have a perspective from the Templars side, and their understanding on the world. The story was exhilarating to play through and the compelling protagonist made the game a delightful experience to play through. The Abstergo plot was also interesting and gives you a better insight on the Assassins Creed lore.This is the second game in the AC series that I have played through and I will most certainly be playing through the next game in the series. Ubisoft definitely know how to produce a game and I respect them for putting time and effort into their games and producing content that their fans want to see, which is rare for game developers to do these days. 