Im not going to tell you that Assassins Creed Rogue is a good game. Since AC3 its my firm belief that Ubisoft has gotten out of touch with what makes Assassins Creed such a great francise. Gone are the days of mystery and intrigue, of skillful assassinations and deep character development. In my opinion AC1 was an absolute masterpiece, with AC Revelations finishing off Ezios story perfectly. Since then Assassins Creeds quality as a series has diminished. Technologically the Assassins Creed series has flourished, with the world and people becoming much more beautiful. However the story has fallen flat, the idea of genetic memories and Abstergo is being stretched thin beyond its limits. We all thought after Ezio we would finally see the modern day AC game, but that does not seem to be within Ubisofts sights. They wish to continue milking the series with progressively worse off games. Unity was a turning point for Ubisoft. If they mess up the next game, thats it for the series in my eyes.All of this aside, AC Rogue does make me happy. It may not be technologically the best AC game, with last gen graphics and none of the improvements that AC Unity recieved Although this is more of a blessing considering how shoddy Unitys engine was However AC Rogue story once again makes me giddy to play the game, to push forward with the new character, Shay Cormac, my new favorite protaganist. He is the first Assassin to become more self aware since Altaiir, and see that the world is not so black and white, Templars and Assassins. After seeing the darkness and ignorance of Assassins he goes off on his own, to seek his own path. This leads him to become Templar, and therefore fufill his wish to help the world and atone for his sins.Cormac is easily one of the best protaganist since Ezio, with an amazing voice actor and real emotions and a true goal. Not only that, but he is also the most wellequipped of the protaganists. Not since Ezio has an assassin had so much gear to choose from. This makes playing as Cormac exciting to play both as a stealth character and a fighter.The game also loses out on having Assassin minions but it gains the fresh mechanic of constantly being hunted by Assassins, which you must dispatch.Is Assassins Creed Rogue a good game? That you will have to decide for yourself. As a whole it is one of my favorite in the series, with the best leading character, the biggest arsenal, fully realized naval warefare, new mechanics, and the chance to be a Templar. The story is short but intense, it took me 15 hours to complete with slight deviation, and I have barely scratched the surface with extra content, as usual AC games are satisfying to complete 100.I have changed sides. The Templars are humanities salvation. See the world through Shay Patrick Cormacs eyes and decide for yourself. May the Father of Understanding guide you. 