The best game in the series so far.For those of you who liked AC4, Rogue is more of the same but with new features that really change the nature of the game. That your opponents now use assassin equipment and moves and that your ship can be boarded in naval combat add a much needed strategic depth to the game, often making conflicts seem like more of a struggle. To be honest, I dread the inevitable return to Assassin protagonists  the Templars simply do not provide the satisfying challenge level to hunt that the Assassins do.The story is one of the most complex and compelling of any of the series to date, with a lot of new information both about the presentday conflict and the struggles for power between the Templars and Assassins leading up to the French Revolution. The minigames are interesting and the sidequests are conveniently broken into settlements and neighbourhoods, making them feel much more digestible. The dialogue is satisfying and well written and the major characters are all interesting and likable.The game exceeds Unity not only in being less buggy, but because of this separation of the game into smaller but accessible regions. As a player I find it more satisfying to clear out a settlement than to chase a particular subquest chain all across Paris. Unitys crowd blending and management was mechanically interesting, but not as refreshingly so as Rogues counterassassin play.That said, the experience was still not perfect. There were bugs on occasion, particularly surrounding the boarding mechanic. More importantly, it suffers from the quest armors not having any noticeable abilities  after scouring the world for the totems or the Templar keys for unique armors, the fact that they do not have any statistical advantage is unsatisfying  the Precursor Armor from 4 is a perfect example of quest armor. For example, the Native Armor could have allowed blending in treetops to avoid sentries while moving around forts and the Medieval Templar Armor could have granted immunity to air assassinations which are not difficult to deal with anyway, but it would have been something. In future I hope that quest armor provides a noticeable improvement over the base armor  particularly since its usually less fashionable.