Please note this review is based on my personal experience and expectations.Since review system on Steam is binary im giving this game thumbdown, i find this note closer to what i think of this game. It is not bad game though, it is bad ACBF wannabeclone.My first bad experience was the with music, which is clearly worse than one in ACBF. Worse in the way it lacks epicness element. And this made most of my sea battles really, really dull. After few hours of game i simply skipped random battles or used fast travel to avoid them completely while in ACBF i did all i could to start another random battle.Now dunno if this is a bug or delibrate intention but while playing on mainland, through majority of gameplay, i had no music at all! Nothing is more annoying than a halfsilent game.After halfway trought game, i found that im not really buying the main plot and main character. Maybe because i expected ruthless vendetta story like in The Last Outlaw movie with Mickey Rourke or maybe i was not able to find it interesting and credible. It is another personal thing but there is lots of missed opportunities like focusing bit more on Col. Munro and defence of Fort William Henry or even meeting Hawkeye when hes rescuing Monros daughters.Next  the upgrade elemtent of game. IMHO slow and hard progression is more satysfying and challenging. Its fun and realistic when you need to pick your battles from the beggining of your adventure. And that moment when you can finally release teh kraken with fully upgraded hardware.Here? Hell no. After few minutes of gameplay i managed to board and loot frigate and seconds after same happened to TWO manowar ships. That alone gave me enough upgrade materials to become harbringer of doom and bring death to everything including one legendary!To easy and to early to my personal taste....These are key points that ruined this game for ME, i bought game on sale and it good value for money.  ACBF is still no.1 in series for me.EDIT shortly after writing this review i finished ACR with score around 75 and 23 hours on the clock. Minus idle time i estimate time to complete this game 15 to 20 hours. In ACBF, if i remember correctly finishing with score around 95 took me 72 hours of good fun. Another  disappointment here so i stand my ground  buy this game only on sale.