People say this game is very similar to Black Flag, except you play for the Templar faction instead of the Assassins. Having not experienced that game, all of the goodness from Black Flag hits me for the first time because Assassins Creed Rogue is one of the best games I have played in a long time.ProsThere is so much to do. Some of it feels like filler and is not great, but because there is so much, there is also a lot that is fun. There are all kinds of missions, brigandage, ship upgrades, city upgrades, weapon upgrades, achievements, hunting, tomb raiding...you name it. In terms of gameplay content, this game rivals GTA V. It also looks good, especially the waves. Some of the coastal locations are scenic enough to stop you in your tracks and make you take a moment to appreciate them. Some of the music reminds me The Last of The Mohicans, which is awesome. The technical issues are minimal.ConsThe two main downsides are the story and the main character. When people saw the trailer for this game, they were worried that the main character was going to be an angsty emo no one likes those and I think it didnt turn out to be quite that bad, but the total sum of this guy is still unpleasant. He is a traitor as the title of the game suggests and the game keeps reminding you that, which makes me not want to play as him anymore he is angsty he kills his friends he is a hypocrite he is careless the voice acting for this guy is bland and  monotone.As for the story. it feels rather forced, starting you off fighting for the Assassins faction and then shoving in the drama in order to forcefully change your course. Just let me play for the Templars from the start, people. Can someone explain to me how this franchise managed to maintain for so long that the group called murdurers are the good guys?! It irritates me immensely, much more than the silly story, which is why I chose this game to begin with, since it lets you play for the templars. And what does the game do? It forces me to play for the Assassins for the first 20 of the game.One more minor downside is that the game of course has the patented Assassins Creed climbing, which can be rather annoying when it does not work and it does not work a lot. Youll be chasing someone down the street and suddenly your character gets whisked away to the roof of one of the buildings on your side because you ran too close to one of those quickclimb contraptions and it triggered.ConclusionIf you can get over the annoyances of the story, then this is one of the better games in existence. However, if you have not played Black Flag, you may want to get that first or instead. 