Assassins Creed Rogue was one hell of an adventure and honestly, despite it not being as long or as filled as the other games, it is possibly one of the best Assassins Creed yet and far better in story and gameplay than Assassins Creed IV Black Flag or Assassins Creed Freedom Cry, it is a must play PS, it respects the lore of the Assassins Creed franchise and kinda feels like a fan service to the Assassins Creed community P .The story of Shay Patrick Cormac, he is Irish by the way if you cannot tell by his super Irish name maybe another reason why I love this character so much, is the relatable ethnic group is one of the mots well developed, emotional, immersive and sympathetic storyline in the Assassins Creed franchise standing next to Assassins Creed Brotherhood in my personal opinion.He actually questions what he is doing and why he must do it. He feels guilt for killing people unnecessarily. He actually says no to those in charge because of morality. He feels like a human being. He gets sad. He gets angry. He feels guilt. He feels sympathy. He feels like a real person and the story, despite it being only about 6 hours, expands on that and throws you into this emotional twist of a game game that is his struggle to find truth and to seek his personal redemption. It is different from the other Assassins Creed story while, yes, it has the typically Assassins Creed revenge aspect, it is not focused around it like the other Assassins Creed games are. It is one of the best stories in the Assassins Creed franchise.Add that ontop of the beautiful open world where this time, the world actually encourages you to explore it. You feel the need as the world, whether it be the Arctic or River Valley or the recycled New York city which is done better here than Assassins Creed III, dont get me wrong, I just expect Assassins Creed games not to recycle main locations, it feels fresh and immersive. I spent a good 10 to 15 hours just exploring the River Valley and the Arctic and loved every moment of it!And to visit the city of Halifax was one of my favourite things! I have been there in real life but to see Ubisofts historical version of it was beautiful and immersive and I loved it!.Overall, you have to give this game a try. I spent almost a good 30 hours on it and most of it was exploring the beautiful open world. The only downside, the story is short, 6 hours for me and I took my time. Shorter if you rush it. 