TLDR Black Flag homemade ripoff with reused AC3 assets. Yeh, just as bad as it sounds.Ive recently bought that AC bundle with Black Flag, Unity, Rogue and Syndicate so that I could catch up on the ACOrigin story. I played Origin first, but then I felt like beating games that I missed before getting too far into it. Back in the day Black Flag was the last AC I played and totally loved it, 2nd best AC after AC2. So, the other three games in a bundle were pretty new to me since I didnt know anything of a story or what am I getting myself into. I wont go into many details butButRogue is the worst Assassins Creed game I have ever played. Writing, story, gameplay and all the possible things are just horrible. Character development, story consistency? Nope. It feels like a cheap Black Flag DLC that was made by some sub division of Ubisoft college students who were told to make a game to graduate. They pushed the agenda and idea of the game so hard they forgot to make it sound  reasonable. Imagine a protagonist who is happy that he finally became an assassin in training, but hates being ordered around by his mentors and constantly complains about them ordering they are assasins, assassins are free and equal he whines about killing people yet as soon as he kills someone he didnt want to kill a moment ago he makes fun of them for the solo reason of You are bad!, just to cry about the fact how inappropriate it was to kill someone, but Templars/assassins are bad, but killing is bad too and so on and so forth assassins are shown as bandits who terrorize civilians for the solo purpose of making Templars look good. Templars are British and Assassins are French. Not some secretive organisations trapped in war for centuries, just legit british vs french soldiers with templar and assassin symbolics slapped on their asses for the sake of calling this game an Assassins Creed.I have played all AC games except of Syndicate and I have to say that Rogue is literally the worst. Gameplay wize its even less fun than original Assassins Creed. And lets be honest while AC was boring it had great story but Rogue is very boring and has horrible story on top of that. Seriously it is just bad. If I wasnt going to beat all the AC games Id quit it already and deleted it. But alas I am suffering. Cant wait to finish it and uninstall.P.S. Since I am Russian I was forced to play in Russian language thanks ubisoft and while I always prefer original English sound and text in my games I dont hate Russian voiceovers as it is. Russian localisation is never as good as English one the only two exceptions are Warcraft 3 and Witcher 3 but its not horrible at the same time, though all the puns, accents and whatnot are usually lost in translation. Yet in Rogue case the Russian voiceover is even worse than the game itself. I mean boi the Russian voiceover is so freaking cringy. It ruins any little immersion that game manages to achieve. 