I bought this because I had fond memories of Black Flag, and because Im somewhat of a history nerd which is what made me play most AC games. I was somewhat enthousiastic as the game downloaded on Steam.Then I played, and played some more. And well, I guess this is the AC thats too much for me. There are so many things wrong with this game that I dont even know where to start.The gameplay is It always has been, even after Unity and Syndicate pitiful attempts at improvings things. Fighting is a joke, a QTE that doesnt say his name. Normal enemy? Push E when he attacks. Big tough guy? Hit space. And, ffs, havent those four archetypes of soldiers been around since, I dont know, AC 2 or 3?Why is my character, that irish noname with the charisma of an oyster, still running everywhere except on the ground? If I want to go from my cabin to the wheel of my ship, why is he jumping onto guns, barrels, or even other people, and not sticking to the floor? I mean, I get that AC is about climbing stuff, but why, 8 years or so after AC1, is climbing still so ? Why does Tomb Raider gets it right immediatly, when Ubisoft still cant offer us a half decent parkour?Why do you have to fill your game with useless and grindy content? Letters, golden shinny stuff, silver shinny stuff, totems, swords, tombs, crosses... Humpeback whale skin, white whale skin, killer whale skin... If I wanted to play a MMO, Id play a MMO WoW is better at this, and grindingthere at least feels somewhat useful. Here, Im just trying to fill up a bar that says Syncronization 67.The rest, the biased vision of history booh at those evil french, laughable when you know that a the French were much less devious than the Brits during the 7 years war, and b that Ubisoft is a french company that doesnt even try to not present a history for anglo saxon dummies point of view, the terrible dialogues... Thats the icing on the cake, that Id be willing to forget if the rest of the game was fun and interesting.Mind you, all of this isnt new. Past AC games had the same flaws. And then some more. But, I guess, my time has become too valuable for those shenaningans. If you make a game, at least try to make it somewhat entertaining. Cause Assassins Creed isnt anymore. 