So.... Assassins Creed... AC Games havent had the best reputation on pc after AC IV Black Flag and AC Unity. But I can for safely say that this game is very solid.I got this game on the steam summersale with the UnityRogue bundle and I am not dissapointed.PROS In the terms of graphics this game is no stunner. Almost similar to AC IV Black Flag with a few improvements. Then again its surely not an ugly game either. The setting is great, sailing in frosty seas, and the game really does a good job giving you that feel. Even out of the Animus, there is lots of interesting things to find, as you repair computers and find notes. Much more interesting than in AC IV Black Flag. Some things could for examble be a video with a interesting take on a charrecter we have interacted with or seen in other games! Even though this game seem alot like AC IV Black Flag and surtainly plays alot like it. They have managed to create a new game out of old stuff.CONS The story is short. I completed this game in around 1415 hours, with me slagging a bit. Doing side objectives and so on There is still more I can do and explore, but as for the main story it falls a bit short. Price For as good and solid game this is. It is not worth 50. Especially if you have played both AC III and AC IV Black Flag. Not to mention its short story compared to the price, and many of the sideobjectives are nearly identical to the ones in AC IV Black Flag, just with a little twist. Bugs... Ah yes, what is an AC game without its bugs? I have played them all, and I have found a bug in each one of them. It being console or pc they are still there and this game is not free of them either allthough very minor. The bugs I incountered Assassinated a npc in a bush and your charrecter froze completely and couldnt move, where I had to restart the game. / Stuck on loading screen. / Unable to block even though I clearly pressed the button in time. As a one last con... Uplay.... This game requires a 3rdparty DRM As all ubisoft games do on steam. and I can tell you that it just doesnt work. Crashing, half of the features not working, and very clunky to use. Especially because it doesnt work well with steam. So if you buy this game Or any game from ubisoft do be aware that.CONCLUSIONAll in all this is a good game with a heavy pricetag on it for what it is. Basicly an AC IV Black Flag game in AC III settings, with you playing as a templar. If you can get this game on a sale, its definetly a win! Especially for the AC fans out there. 