I make my own luckThese are the words that define a hero. Shay Cormac was young and idealistic. But throughout his life, he remained loyal and compassionate.As a hardy AC fan, I was reluctant to get this as this is the story of an Assassin going rogue, turning coats and crossing over to the dark side  especially since I heard great things about Rogue. But I had never been more wrong or more clear in my love for this game and the othersPrevious AC games were quite traditional in the sense where the bad guys were bad and were easy to hate. But as said in my review of AC3, it started to blur the lines. This is where the Kenway line comes in. Beginning from Connor and Haytham in AC3, the grey areas of the AssassinTemplar conflict shift and change. It is not just about right and wrong anymore, but the means and intentions of achieving peace and such.This is the story of a man living in time when the Assassin Brotherhood struggled hard to maintain righteousness. This game truly sets the tone of the question  Are all Templars evil? Are all Assassins good? From here on out, its a devils trap, and you cannot help but see the grey and its A LOT harder to pick sidesGameplay is much the same as the AC3, AC4 world. The naval combat and ground combat is the same as before, but set in a new and crisp environment. The graphics are way more stable than Black Flag, with no point in gameplay where glitch nor bug appeared  for me at least. The famously annoying amount of collectibles has returned, and its up to you if you wish to catch them all.Plot is the compelling masterpiece. Not only does this tie in AC3 and AC4, but also a branch into the French Revolution in AC Unity. By this point, it would be good to mention  for maximum emotional impact, to play this first prior to ACU. Shays story is dark and riddled with emotional turmoil. Betraying his former ideals and betrayed by his own brothers  the Creed is suddenly dark and unforgiving, something not seen since the Altair days.Set in the Seven Years war which was a significant historical event which arguably was the impetus of the fall of the British hold on America  starting the American Revolution, and also the fall of the monarchy  kicking of the French Revolution. During this time, you will understand why Achilles in AC3 was so bitter and sad, how he learned life the hard way, and why he tries so hard to make Connor see it too. In this time, you feel the echoes of Black Flag, with the confrontation of Adewale, and his former captains son. This game shows you the effects of the novelisation of AC3, Forsaken  Haytham choosing Templars over his conscious self and turning aside emotions.Shay has to cut and kill his way through friends and family, to protect the world from pride and war. The Assassins are no longer the good guys, and Shay  a new Templar, is seemingly the only one more concerned with the lives of innocents than the conflict itself.Something most other Assassins cannot say they have done.By the end of this, though short but bittersweet, the emotional wallop is compelling. Be ready.