Assassins Creed Rogue was announced a few months after Unity, however it was only a couple of months before its release in 2014. Was this a spinoff game like Assassins Creed 3 Liberation? no... this was a main series game, tying in the story of Black Flag and AC3 and even Unity together. It seemed like it was going to be just as important as Revelations was when that game tied in Altairs story to Ezios with Desmonds. But from all the gameplay footage, it just looked like Black Flag except... winter. But who knows, it might be good, well after playing it and completing it in 7 hours... errr....The story begins with Shay, our new protagonist, working with the Assassins. Achilles recieves news from Adewale that the artifact theyre looking for is capable of destroying cities, but they must stop the Templars from reaching it, so Shay is sent to collect it. Shay travels to Lisbon to retrieve it, but activates the artifact and destroys the entire city. Shay returns and blames the entire thing on Achilles, claiming hes the evil one, wanting to see cities destroyed and innocents killed... now wait a damn minute... theres nothing that Achilles says or does that shows he wanted to destroy the city, in fact he tells Shay be careful, we have no idea what it could do so why is Shay blaming Achilles? Then all of a sudden the Assassins start attacking Shay???? wtf? Do they not know what communicating is? Sit down and discuss what happened??? thats what Adewale did with Achilles, he didnt yell YOU DID THIS!!! and betray the Assassins... its obvious Ubisoft needed a reason to make a game about Templars which btw at this point weve had twice technically... we had AC3 where for half the game you play as Haytham, Grand Master of the Templars... and AC4 where youre a Templar for a little while. Anyways, Shay joins Templars, effortlessly kills the Assassins, which again needs to happen because if youve played AC3, you know that all the Assassins are dead except for Achilles, Haytham shoots Achilles in the leg, that explains why hes crippled aaaand nothing really exciting happens. Its such a short game, you could complete the game in less than 5 hours if you know what to do. The only reason I didnt is because Ubisoft love to  up their games so one of the missions was glitched and I spent 2 hours fixing it. However, there is 1 exciting part. 20 years after the events of Rogue and a couple of years after the events of AC3, Shay travels to Versailles and kills Arnos father. So that explains who killed him... but heres the annoying part. Shay is no longer seen after that. This game exists to just be an explanation, its not even its own game. This couldve been a big opportunity to have build a huge story, having Shay kill Charles Dorian, Arno tries to find Shay, Connor is also looking for Shay and thats the whole point of Unity to Unite Connor with Arno against Shay. It would also be the Unity of AC3, AC4, AC Rogue and AC Unity... but no, Shay is never seen again and Unity is just some  love story. Ubisoft were really ing lazy with this story, it makes no sense, theres no real reason for Shay to betray the Assassins and honestly the game shouldve just been about Haytham.The gameplay is just Black Flag copied and pasted. Theres barely anything new and everything which is new is not worth talking about because it rarely shows up when you play the main story.The music is some of the worst Ive ever heard along with Unity and Syndicates soundtrack. Sure the title screen music is nice, but its just the Ezio theme from AC2, the British Empire from AC4 and the AC3 theme combined. Woah, how original. Yeah this is when Ubisoft started abusing the Ezio theme.This game overall is just one of the worst AC games Ive ever played, its so boring, the gameplay is just copied and pasted, but Black Flag was more fun than this, it ends up being disappointing, especially when you play AC Unity after this. You expect something amazing from the 3 games that built this huge story, but no you get a love story which is absolute The game iseasy. If youve played any AC game, you will beat this in no time... and while Im glad its better optimised than AC4, its still just one of the worst AC games ever. If you want an AC game, play any other AC game except Unity, 2014 was the worst year for AC and both games released were Thankfully, since this review is in 2017... we have AC Origins already and it makes up for any of thefrom 2014  2015. 