Despite being released on last generation consoles in November the PC release of Assassins Creed Rogue has been one of the best releases from Ubisoft in a few years. It is not haggard by bugs and general Hiccups like Assassins Creed Unity which up until recently, began to be playable. However, was it worth the wait, is this a Assassins Creed Blackflag with a different skin.We trade the gorgeous Caribbean for the cold bitter North Atlantic. It shows within the few moments of gameplay when you no longer see the lush turquiose waters and see dark blues. Considering that this game uses the same game engine Anvilnext as Black Flag, you should not expect any ground breaking graphics like with the case with Unity. If you played Black Flag, it is basically the same. If your toaster could run Black Flag, you could run this game, and then some as with the tweaking for optimization was already done for Black Flag. One can assume that a lot of the areas are copy and pasted from Assassins Creed 3 such as New York, but in fact, those maps have been Redone to have the same amount of life as the towns in Black Flag had.What makes Rogue stand out, is the fact that you play as Shay Cormac, who is a Templar. The theme of the predator has turned into prey is enjoyable, as when you do hunt for assassins, they do employ assassin tactics on you. Rogue is best if you have played Assassins Creed 3, Black Flag, and Unity. A lot of characters from those games do appear in Rogue as either some from Shays time, or from Connors time. But for new comers, the game does provide excellent detail on each character, as well as historical videos to catch you up to speed as rewards in some puzzles. The story is predictable, but it does show insight on the Templar way of thinking.If you played Black Flag, then Rogue is similar in its play style. Assassinate people, ride a boat, and be a privateer. However, there are new elements to the game, such as having a dart gun, using your ship to break the ice, and actually having to be weary of other ships attempting to board my ship.The game however is not without its gripes, it is the same formula. Black Flag was ground breaking in the sense that you had new mechanics in the game. To be honest, this feels like a cash grab, but a cash grab in the sense that Ubisoft cares a tiny bit for the players that the game itself is actually playable on launch.Is this worth 50? Yes it is, well to me that is. It is the same content but creatively used to provide a refreshing experience. It is a good thing that this is not priced at the normal premium of 60. Quite honestly, this is one of the most refined Assassins Creed that has used the AnvilNext engine, and we would have to wait a few more games after Unity to get the same refinement. 