Did you think Black Flag was the utmost heights that Pirate vs. Ninja combat could climb to? Were you under the foolish impression that Ubisoftin the head couldnt further refine the ship combat introduced in AC3 and then perfected in Black Flag? Did you skip this game thinking its just ANOTHER reskin of Black Flag?If you answered yes to any of these questions  then you are REALLY missing out.The first thing most players say about Rogue is that its shorter than Black Flag. That isnt quite true  Black Flag was a sweeping epic spread out across several years all leading up to AC3. Rogue is more selfcontained and dare I say it? streamlined than Black Flag. Take a couple of weeks off from playing Black Flag  youre likely to forget the story when you start it up again. Rogue is allinvolving. The plot is a lot more personal. It does something that no other AC game has done before... and shows the story from the BAD GUY point of view. Not only that, but it does it in a way that makes YOUR character a good guy well, as good as a guy can be when hes a member of a top secret murder cult while still ticking all the bad guy tropes. Best of all, it actually SHOWS the good guys again, murder cult the heroes  as villains without MAKING them villains. This whole story  by and large  is a series of misunderstandings. Arrogance. Mistakes and one man the main character trying to clean up afterwards.Enter the main character  a wisecracking, smartwho hails from the fair emerald isles. If you stand too close when he opens his mouth you can smell the guinness. Trust me. Hes Irish. Hes full of energy and fun and hed like to kick theof over half the members of the brotherhood. Hes arrogant  but hes got a reason to be arrogant. At the start of the story hes one of their best recruits  and as the story goes on hes one of the ONLY characters who seems to retain some kind of common sense. When the head of his top secret murder cult orders him to steal an artifact that costs millions of people their lives  youd THINK said head of a top secret murder cult would be smart enough to leave well enough alone. But no, the French and the British and the Native Americans are breathing down the throats of both the Templars and the Assassins and its up to the boss man aka the head of the top secret murder cult to track down MORE artifacts. Your character has an objection to this  and from there the whole story spirals out of control with your character struggling to literally keep the world in one piece the only way he knows how... by killing everyone he ever cared about.  Over the course our story the Irish ball of fun loses his sense of humor. He loses his innocence. He loses everyone and everything he ever cared about. He becomes a Templar. Utterly. His last act of humanity is to spare Mr. Big aka the boss man aka the head of the top secret murder cult which eventually leads to the events of AC3  but wait! Theres more! Another game was developed alongside Rogue ACU and the players last act as the main character ties into the FIRST ACT of Unity. Tying together not JUST Black Flag and AC3 but the future games themselves.The combat is the same as all AC games have ever been. Seriously. If you dont like AC combat then youre going to be upset with this game. Again, as with every AC game, theres on or two bells and whisles that have been added in to make your experience a bit more unique  but its still the AC combat weve all come to know.Theres even less to say about the crafting in this game than there was in AC3 and Black Flag. Theres even less outfits you can craft in this game. The upgrades are nice but  again  as the requirements can all be bought and then crafted  the actual foraging aspect of the crafting feature can be completely ignored.The map is easily as big if not slightly bigger than Black Flag but it does this in a very sneaky way. Instead of having a HUGE ocean to play in  you have three medium sized maps. You have the ocean to play in. Rivers to play in and New York City to play in. Best of all, unlike AC3, New York actually feels fleshed out. It actually feels like a city with districts and people living in it. There is no diving this time  but you wont really miss it if you tried it in Black Flag and hated like I did youll actually be glad its gone or probably even notice its gone.The ship combat has actually been rerefined. Gone are those near useless barrels well, almost gone, anyway and in their place we have an oil slick that makes it VERY tricky for an enemy to come too close or even stupider try to follow you. Further, in place of the limiteduse flintlock guns strapped to your ship, you have a puckle gun. This weapon is FUN. Its basically a flintlock machine gun look it up, this was an ACTUAL historical weapon that can fire off twelve shots before needing reloading. On the open sea an enemy ship can attack you  you can be pulled down and dragged into combat when you arent ready for it. Black Flag may have made the ship combat enjoyable  but Rogue makes it an art form.AC Unity is embarrassment  even after all this time. Rogue came out at the same time and was  sadly  overshadowed by the media attention Unity got. Unlike Unity  Rogue was WORTH full price at launch and is STILL worth it. It is WORTH the hours and time you put into it. The story is good. The combat is the same as ever and youll feel satisfied when its all over. If you like pirates and ninjas and goodoldfashioned Merican cameos hey Ben! Captain Cook! Woo! then make your own luck and give this game a try.