Listen to the Main Theme of the game, itll tell you what kind of story your about to experience.Once youve listened to it several dozen times, please continue reading the review.If you had the choice, to save the lives of innocents and follow your own moral code, would you do it? Or would you rather blindly follow orders?If you chose the first option then this is a story for you.Assassins Creed Rogue takes you on a journey where you cross a line and cannot return. One that pits you against the people you once called brothers. You are no longer an Assassin, and you will spill the blood of your former brothers.You are Shay Patrick Cormac, the newest of the American Templar Order.Assassins Creed Rogue is the last game in the series to be released for the PS3 and Xbox 360, this game runs on Black Flags engine and isnt as breathtaking as Unity or Syndicate. But your on PC, so it still looks damn amazing. NOW WITH GODRAYSRogue is easily the best game in the series in terms of story and character. Shay is a very vocal character, he expresses his emotions and how he feels about his actions. He shows his anger, hatred, sadness and joy even more so then any other character. The story is top notch and easily is the darkest game in the series, showing betrayal and revenge in a amazing way.Gameplay wise its made small improvements over Black Flag, ship handling and combat is the best itll ever be in the series. Exploration is enjoyable and offers many scenic routes and views to beautiful locations. Combat hasnt changed much from AC4, with the exception of several new weapons and gadgets at your disposal.I hold Rogue to be the crown jewel of the series, obviously it was completely shadowed by Unity but most who own this game will say it has the best story in the series and feels like a return to form like AC Brotherhood or AC2. The story is sadly shorter then the other entries but there is still several large areas and collectibles to grab to keep you busy for long after the story is finished.I strongly believe this game was made with alot of love from the team that made this game, because it just feels solid, fun and enjoyable. If this was given more time to make a longer story, and running on the current engine with Unity and Syndicate. This game would easily top the rest in every aspect.My rating 9.5/10 