100 Completion58 hours of playtime More, arguably improved ship combat. The icebreaker is sick. The oil slicks are cool. Pickleguns are improved. Enemies can board your ship. Black Flag, eat your heart out. Great aesthetic of the ship and yes, this is important, because youll be looking at it 99 of the time youre playing. Employs the Assassins Creed regular, clickclickclick combat, but with some noticed improvements. I liked the dart gun/grenade launcher, though. The poision gas is pretty brutal. It feels like the Templars are more advanced than the Assassins, which I like. The story, I strongly believe, is one of the best parts of the game easily. Playing as a Templar is extremely fun. In fact, if this games intention to trick the player to like the Templars, they did a fantastic job. I played Unity after this, and it was tough rooting for Arno for the first half of the game until the Templar leader turned into a crazed psychopath. Shay is a great, complex character that truly doesnt believe in either sides morals, and does what he feels is right. After he decimates an entire city messing about with Precourser technology, hes traumatized as he comes back to the Homestead, hes visibly shaken, and this tragic event shapes his actions for the rest of the game. Love the prerevolution setting. Political tensions are written into the story subtley, and it ties in well with Assassins Creed III. The simple fact that you visit the homestead as it was before Connor arrived is just cool as hell. The mindless lust for power the Assassins had thanks to Achilles is elaborated further in this game. In Assassins Creed III, he mentions why the destruction of the Homestead and dilapidation of the Assassin Order in the Northeast is his fault. Now, we see why. It completes his character arc. Assassin interceptions are fun, and a good add until they got repeditive. Two wildly different locations to sail and explore about the Arctic, and the Riverlands. They look visually appealing as ever, and sailing through scenic rivers in the Morrigan is always a pleasure. While some have complained about serious bugs, I cant recall experiencing any. The plot device of Shay having to kill his former friends helps greatly in staying engaged with the story. Big ship boss battles or Legendary Ships are even tougher in this game than in Black Flag. Love the outfits. Customization is always a nice bonus.I dont really have any minor problems. Its either good or bad in this game. Short. Short as hell. Really, really short. REPEDITIVE. Repeditive missions, repeditive gameplay, repeditive combat. Id rather die than chore over all the little collectables again. The world, for as pretty as it is, feels... empty. Theres nothing but the need to 100 this game that makes me want to explore and traverse the ocean and rivers.I wish this game was longer, was worked on for longer, and had more stuff to do and Im NOT talking about collectables.70/100, not exactly worth full price, but get it on sale for at least 25 off. Itll sufficently entertain you for 2060 hours, depending on how insane you are. 