Truly amazing compared to Unity. They really shouldve focused on this instead of Unity and added a hell of a lot more to the game, but hey, its kept me occupied for almost 70 hours trying to 100 it Howwever, many of those hours may have been me in the pause menu doing somerthing else as the ingame statistics say Ive spent about 38 hours. I dont know way really. Anyway, its good. Anyway, to the review.Gameplay Almost identical to Black Flag except instead of being in the Caribbean youre in the North Atlantic and some place, I believe in Canada, known as River Valley. Youre also are allowed to revisit New York from AC3 only it is a hell of alot more attractive and somewhat larger. This game is essentially AC3 and 4s love child. Some new features include being hunted by Assassins and being able to turn the hunter into the hunted by taking out the Assassins. You can also be borded yourself now by enemies, and you will be forced to defend your ship. Theyve also brought ziplines back, I dont remember if they were in AC4. Theres also gases now which you can counter the effects of by equipping a gas mask basically a bandana. There are some bugs, check the cons section for more info. Also, free running can be a bit of a pain like previous AC games.Graphics The graphics are a bit dated but they are better than 3s and either a little worse than 4s or as good as 4s. There are also quite a few graphical options to tinker with. New animations seem a little clunky though, and a lot of animations are recycled from previous games. The game performs a lot more smoothly than Unity.Plot and protagonist or I suppose in this case Antivillian This is seriously the most satisftying plot I have ever encountered in an AC4 game. The ending  my god the ending  is so damn awesome. The only problem is the story is very short  only six sequences, and if I recall correctly, sequence 5 is only 2 missions. D Anyway, you are Shay Patrick Cormac oh, and some unnamned guy/gal in the modern day, an Assassin turned Templar after he begins to doubt the Assassin order or is it just Achilles brotherhood? and their intentions. Thats pretty much as far into the plot as Im going to go in this review, however. Characters previously seen in the series include Benjamin Franklin, George Washington shortly, Achilles Davenport, Adewal and Haytham Kenway. Most new characters are quite interesting even though they arent on screen very long as the story is short. Shay is a fresh character, although a bit too selfless and doesnt seem to care much for himself or perhaps his goals only seem selfless? Personally, I think his character was just made far too selfless and he seems to have an obsession for the phrase, I make my own luck!.  Just in case anyones wondering where he came from, he came from Ireland, so I suppose this may explain his obsession with luck! PLEASE DONT HATE ME, THAT WAS A JOKE! DMusic, sound effects and voice acting Shanties are back! Weighhay and up she rises, Weighhay and up she rises, Weighhay and up she rises... right, yeah, sorry... Got a bit distracted there... Anyway, the music is mostly either recycled or a slightly altered version of a previous song from a previous games soundtrack. Still its good quality and sounds good. The sounds are again mostly recycled but are good quality. The voice acting is for the most part quite good. Gists american accent sounds far too exaggerated though if thats the voice actors real voice... Well its just so stereotypical! and whenever you finish hunting any natuical creatures  whales, sharks, etc.  the crew yelling Yeah, All right! sounds really outdated and is awful quality. Other than that, its pretty good.To sum it upProsFamiliar gameplay with new elements.Fresh, satisfying and interesting plot and protagonist.Lots to do.Plays smoothly.A good comeback for the AC series, if only it was a main game that was focused on more.Youre playing as a Templar! Thats good in my book! I love em more than Assassins! Sorry! In all seriousness, that offers another side to the story.ConsQuite an awful lot of recycling, but it is in a big series of games that have been going for quite a while, so its expectedWould like a few more new gameplay elements.Some, but very little, voice acting is shockingly bad, or at least of bad quality Only really one line though, although its repeated a fair bit.Short story.Almost a signature of the Assassins Creed series freerunning can be a pain.Some bugs... I got stuck inside my god damn ship and died in the freezing Atlantic Ocean... Twice! Also, I once encountered floating weaponry fighting one of my crew members when bording a ship. By that, I mean, an enemy model was invisible.Some new animations are clunky looking.Verdict8.5/10A real fresh comeback for the AC series which is actually fun and mostly plays well. Fun, character, fun gameplay, fun story. If youre a die hard AC fan  and if you like Templars more than Assassins like me!... You do NOT want to miss out on this!