Yeah so its a fun game.  But Ive run through it twice now and I have a major complaint.  The story line is way too short and if you just do that you miss 50 of the content, which is what I did the first time through.  The second time through I spent more time on side missions and extra story lines and still managed to end the game only finishing 75 of the content.  Which brings me to my gripe  the ending, which is not very epic IMO, signals the end of the game.  Thats it.  No continuation if you feel like going back and finishing side quests and such, its just over.  So if you want to see how some of those things end, you have to start all over.  Well Ive played through twice and it was a good investment with plenty of entertainment so money well spent.  But I wont be playing it again as it is a bit too much like grinding to finish the quests with a lot of repetition.  How many different cool ways are there to kill the enemy before it gets old?  Id say about 537 which is an easy number to reach in this game.  And the ship gets way too powerful in the end for any enemy to offer any real resistance so it just becomes a game of dropping a mortar on anyone you want disabled and using the puckle gun to finish them off instead of all that tedious boarding action.  I dont care how many upgrades and guns you put on a frigate, a man o war gonna drop yoif you dumb enough to tangle with one.  Not in this game.  At least make it challenging.  Shaes upgrades are a waste of time, or at least not important enough to try and find all the animals you need to make the upgrades.  The first time through I forgot all about them because his defaults were sufficient to do whatever I needed to do.  I did upgrade his weapons and armor but again, once youve done that to the max without quest weapons you dont need to do anything else and youll be fine.  The accuracy rating on the pistols doesnt mean anything and I can do a head shot at max range with any of them, even the default pistols.  The only significant difference I found upgrading my weapons was with my sword.  And once youve upgraded your sword 34 levels the killing becomes ridiculously easy.  And what happened to the Abstergo story line?  It just disappears at the end.  Anyway, good game, and worth the money if you like this franchise.