When Rogue was first released, it was often overlooked due to Unitys release corresponding with it. However, this is definitely not a game to overlook in the Assassins Creed franchise. AC Rogue takes place during the Seven Years War and acts as a sequel to Black Flag, as well as a prequel to AC 3.The basic story is that Shay Cormac sees first hand how dangerous the American Brotherhood is and fears theyre destroying the world they wish to save. Shay is then betrayed by the Brotherhood and finds friends in the Templars. Together, they attempt to tear down the American Brotherhood before its too late. The overall story is absolutely amazing! This is definitely one of the best things going for Rogue. The story is unique and not really one weve gotten in any other AC game. It provides perspective on the franchise. Personally, I think this is the best story weve gotten since the Ezio trilogy.One thing that fans were upset with when this was announced was that this game is only 6 sequences long with an epilogue. I dont really consider this a negative aspect though. Sure, its the shortest AC game besides Chronicles, but who cares about those?. A story doesnt have to be long to be good, it just has to cover everything it needs to cover and not throw in useless stuff just to add length. Rogue does this well.A story is nothing without its characters, and this game has a great cast. For starters, the main character, Shay, is a great character. His struggle and story are fantastic and very entertaining. The other characters joining him are all pretty darn good, and you get to see familiar faces from Black Flag and AC 3, along with new faces. None of the characters seemed out of place and they all were wellvoiced.In terms of game mechanics, theres nothing really new. The games naval combat is pretty much exactly like Black Flag, but this isnt a problem since Black Flag had some amazing naval combat. Your ship, the Morrigan, is a lot more maneuverable that the Jack Daw and it has puck guns, but other than that, theres not much of a difference. You can fire canon balls at ships to either sink them or incapacitate them. Once you stop them in their tracks, you can board the ship, take out some fools, and decide what to do with the ship. You can either repair the Morrigan, salvage the ship, or remove your wanted level. The wanted level is determined by how many ships you sink. If you sink enough, a bounty hunter ship will come after you. These are usually about the same level your ship is and are easy to take down. Ships with higher levels than you are, of course, harder to take down. You can also upgrade your ship with loot collected from, well, looting.Besides bashing up boats, you can also stab some soldiers. The combat is pretty much Black Flags combat. You can counter hits, shoot people with pistols/a rifle, stab people with swords/daggers/the hidden blades, and so one. One new addition to the weapons however is the air rifle. Despite it being a reskin of the blow dart gun in AC 4, its pretty cool! You can put guards to sleep or make them go berserk. Later in the game, you get a grenade launcher added onto it, which is fantastic. Guards are also nothing really new. You have your standard soldiers, snipers, swordsmen, and the big brute guys. Basically the same lineup from AC 4 and AC 3. The game isnt really challenging, but then again, most AC games arent. Sure, there are more difficult parts here and there, but its nothing some grinding wont cureSince this is an open world game, you can travel to numerous ports, attack forts, and explore. The map is pretty darn large and there are numerous places to explore including Sleepy Hallow!. The game looks pretty great and ran very smoothly. The graphics arent next gen like Unity, but they get the job done. The soundtrack is also great, but the main theme is basically Ezios Family.Overall, there are those who dont like the fact that this game doesnt do much of anything new with gameplay mechanics, or like that the game is about 10 hours long. Look past this and just enjoy the story and the characters. I definitely recommend this game! Check out the previous ones first, but this one is definitely one of the best AC games weve gotten since Revelations. 