Still Thinking of buying?Short answer Overpriced DLC IMO but very fun, if you liked AC 3 and especially 4, than buy this .The story is SHORT. .I guess UbiSoft had some guilt so they marked down the cost by 10.. I have to give them credit though because there wasnt much that the developers had to do to make this game. The reuse of GFX and characters from both 3 and 4 with some new additions and the exact same mechanics and game flow as 4 with a new story line pretty much sums up the making of this game.The first thing that stood out to me was that this game to date was the smoothest running right after being released I was able to max out everything and got a solid 60 FPS 95 percent of the time. The scenery was another thing that really stood out the colors and dynamics are really beautiful in this game and I often had to stop just to look around, this is a nice change in pace from other darker themed games. Youll see where a lot of buildings/characters and scenery were reused, but at least this time when your sailing around youre not looking at the exact same landscape like you did in B.F. and running around in the snow made a comeback which was really fun in 3.So we finally get an Irish Assassin and he turns... well.. rogue  Even in video game land we cant catch a break! It is interesting that the writers went down the templar route to keep things fresh. The story brings back some characters, but if you didnt play Unity, 4 or 3 youll be in the dark. The big problem? The campaign/story was short, in fact the shortest in the series which is why I call it a DLC, you spend most of your time exploring and gathering treasure and if you just play the campaign you can be done in under a few hours. Also, the short story also didnt leave time for you to find the cool treasures like the different armor and Altairs sword set let alone be able to use them during gameplay like in brotherhood and the wolf armor.NY was laid out like Boston was in 3 and theres no horse so you had to run around or fast travel which sucked and the stalkers really became a huge pain. You cant run while in eagle vision so you dont know where they are and have to rely on the annoying whispers to know when theyre close, but it didnt really matter unless you were exploring and finding treasures because you didnt spend much time in NY during the story.Hunting, crafting, ship upgrades, naval campaign and legendary battles all made a return in this game legendary battles are much easier which was a bummer. The developers really took the best parts of AC 3 and 4 and made this game which made it really enjoyable to play, its too bad it was too short and we didnt have the stealth movements of Unity because this could have been the best AC game to date, especially after Unitys failed attempt at upgradable weapons/armor/character and multiplayer campaign I mean if I want to play an in depth RPG Ill play games like Baldurs Gate and if I want to play with people Ill play games like WOW, but not the place for the AC franchise, stick with what works, stay unique.As of March 24th 2015 there are still some movement bugs and climbing issues that really make you want to throw your mouse, I even got stuck off the playable map a few times and had to reset/fast travel to reset.So if you loved 3 and especially 4 than this is worth the money, if youre a fan of the series but didnt like 3 or 4 wait for the sale. 