Overall, Assassins Creed Rogue shines bright out of the postDesmond AC games. A combination of excellent story, the return of well proven game mechanics as well as Black Flags incredibly successful naval combat, and a brilliant soundtrack produce a brilliant secondary title that ties together the events of ACIIIAC Unity.Story The story focuses around Assassin turned Templar Shay Cormac. The length of the story is not nearly that of other AC titles, but is far more rewarding. Admittably, I wish theyd spent more time building an attachment to every major Assassin, but the manner in which the story shows Shays motivation for turning allows the moments when you do have to kill an Assassin to be enjoyable. There are parts where it seemed to run on a bit, I was not nearly as engaged in naval gameplay in this as I was in Black Flag thus those sections seemed far more irritating for me. The outofAnimus story once again takes place in Abstergo Entertainment where you will intermittently be interrupted by Templar Agents to fix a server. Not the best, but its better than Unitys.Gameplay Black FlagRevelationsACII. The game included the return of the zip line sadly no hook blade, a new lift, and the return of managing the citys economy. Of course there was Black Flags naval combat and the movement felt identical to Black Flag. The gameplay of the ground missions reminded me most of ACII, though, possibly from the soundtrack.Graphics Do not expect a massive improvement on Black Flag. There are areas where the game looks very nice, but other areas, such as the city you visit in the last memory, do not shine as much. Overall it is pleasant to look at, I ran it on my machine i7, GT760, 8 gb RAM very smoothly on max settings.Overall I have to be fair because I was extremely disappointed in Far Cry 4 because it was just too similar to Far Cry 3. Rogue is very similar to Black Flag, but I do not share that disappointment with Rogue. While New York definitely gives off a more tropical vibe than ACIII, the game stands strong on its own. It is a fairly big world to explore that definitely looks dated when compared to titles that were not hindered by the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3, but still looks remarkable in certain areas. The story, if nothing else, is what you absolutely need to experience. It is a refreshing look at both orders that might turn your opinion slightly, but more importantly, it sews together the last several AC titles.