Continues the tale of MY favorite AC Black Flag IVHavent really bothered w/ rogue  but  it seems like a core down versionw/ 1 of the best storylines 2 date a honorable mention to etiennes for their review 56  rank  sighWhen taking off the rosetinted glasses of how much this game was a success was from the shadow of Unity basically, this game actually worked whereas Unity didnt, what were left with is a game that, though it plays decent, fails in the sense of story. It added many new weapons from its predecessor Black Flag, though the only one which was actually really new was the grenades, and added an admittedly interesting gas mechanic to the game. It also was much more filled and felt significantly less grindy than Black Flag these were all great improvements to the series from the previous title, but unfortunately, these are the only positive things I can say about this game. What this game made up for in being playable, it lost in a dissapointing lack of charm.The remainder of this review contains massive spoilers, referrencing the end of the gameEither due to false marketing on the communitys behalf or on Ubisoft, were lead to believe that the main character, Shay, is the victim of a massive betrayal and seeks revenge against the brotherhood. This story sounded interesting, and for many of us, it was the first time wed see the story from a Templars point of view. Or at least, thats what I expected, but not what I recieved. Shay was never the victim of a betrayal, but rather the victim of a mistake in which no one was guilty. Rather than confront his Mentor about what he witnessed, which would be the logical thing to do, Shay gets unrealistically emotional about the situation and blames everything on his Mentor. He then consciously decides to betray his brotherhood, and is retaliated against accordingly.What follows isnt a story of revenge against the backstabbing brotherhood, but rather a convoluted scheme to stop a man who ends up listening to his own conscience in the end anyways, rendering Shays entire mission completely pointless. He decides, for no other reason than one of the British officers was nice to him while he was injured, to help his hated rivals, the Templars, and eventually join their Order and assist the British in winning the Seven Years War.My biggest complain about this game is that under no point of this game do you ever see the positives in joining the Templar Order. The Templars were never painted as the good guys, rather the game regularly reminds you that they are the bad guys, and the reasons for Shays complete dedication toward the Order seems to entirely ignore his high moral stance which directed him to betray the Assassins. There never seems to be a point, other than the rosey tone of a single man who dies before Shay even makes the decision to join the Templars, where I the player feel like I should actually want to be a Templar.As if the feeling of why on Earth am I killing the good guys? wasnt enough to make the game feel horrible, the ending seals this game as completely unnecessary and makes no sense. Im not referring to the mission in Versailles though the mission itself feels like an unnecessary and shoehornedin shameless advertisement for Unity, but rather the Naval Missions. I was quite confused while trying to complete the Naval Missions which must be completed if you are to unlock much of the best stuff in the game in that they no longer let you complete them until you progress further into the story. This was right before the last mission of the game.In case that wasnt clear, let me restate this The final 5 Naval Missions, which are required for completion and for unlocking some of the best gear in the game, doesnt get unlocked until youve COMPLETED the game. Why? Were the developers afriad that Id be cheating with Altars Swords on a mission which doesnt even let you use anything other than your Hidden Blades? Why was this required? So that people would be forced to play hours more of the game after they already completed the story? Who thought this was a good idea??Overall, I think the game is fine. I never felt like I was doing the right thing, but so what? Plenty of games let you play as the bad guy though they usually leave out the high sense of morality that constantly reminds you that what you did was morally sketchy and highlights that youre actually the bad guy in this game. The Naval Missions is a cheap and pathetic move on the fault of the developers, but hey, at least the game plays on PC, Montreal!!. But would I recommend it, though? No. It doesnt add much from Black Flag, and unlike this game, Black Flag had characters I actually could care about. I couldnt have cared less if the characters died the fact that two of them were Haythem Kenway and Achilles Davenport defeated the possibility of that happening anyways. Comparing that to Black Flag, or more accurately Black Beard, it was geniunely disastrous watching Edward Thatch die. We had actually come to care about him and his death was genuinely devastating. In AC Rogue, however, none of the characters invoke that amount of compassion. None of the characters seemed to have any real life. When they died, it was difficult to really think anything of it.This game is fine, but youd be better off playing Black Flag. 