Now it may seem like im hopping onto a bandwagon here, but I truly dont recommend this game to people who havent played it in its earlier stages, or back on console. The game is deeply flawed in several ways that only complete overhaul would fix.Unless you plan on grinding for weeks, dont expect to get any of the higher tier commodities. But hey, if youre down for microtransactions you can buy 20 worth of virtual cash that wont even cover half of the price for some of the newer additions to the lineup of ridiculously overpriced luxuries. Missions quickly become stale and stressful, and while heists are a way to swoon you into thinking that youll be able to fund so many ill minded activities, they usually end up being a carnival of salt for you and your friends the third time you fail the heist due to some aspect that requires ridiculous amounts of experience in the game.Rockstar truly ed themselves with this whole antimodding philosophy as well. It isnt negative in any way, shape, or form yet people get the worst sorts of backlash for things they had no control over. Hell, people who even got their gains legally ended up getting characters reset, with the usual no response after explaining that they werent hacking. Even with this system in place, exploiters run rampid in nearly every online server, and the only way you are truly, 100 safe is through the single player. Which, by the way, has been absurdly watered down thanks to the folks down at TakeTwo deciding that OpenIV didnt deserve to be a part of their game, even though it was a down right improvement.To recap, across three systems I have well over 2k hours in this game. I was expecting a different experience on PC but just found the same with a fuller experience when it came to the modding community. The game was fun with friends while it lasted, but after a few months of play it becomes stale and obsolete. There really isnt much to do in Los Santos, and even with the addition of SecuroServ, and even the gunrunning update, the place still remains a barren wasteland. If you have enough friends, then maybe you can make something worthwhile of a memory.But then you have the community. The community is one of the worst in any online game Ive ever seen. I have seen so many toxic players, people who take the game waaaay too seriously, and those who abuse the power they can receive through higher cost goods that most players dont have access to. Back in the beginning, the only thing you had to worry about was if someone had a tank, and that wasnt a common sight. Then the insurgent came out. Then the Hydra. Now three, nearly four years later we see ourselves with vehicles like the Oppressor and the APC, which were complete ing mistakes to introduce to a community like the one that GTA Online harbors.So yeah. While I have fun with this game on the off occasion, I usually find myself cycling through the same motions to fulfill the braindead quests, killing people over and over again to send a message of some sort over a game where you can basically pay to win, and dealing with the same, all blacked out characters that will gat you down if you come within a mile radius of them with you and your friends.I really hope you can fix some of this in GTA VI, Rockstar. But I get the strong feeling that you wont. 