Originally, I was hyped to get this game when it was first launched back in 2015 as it looked like Rockstar had returned to form after their darker outing of GTA IV. However, time and ever more expensive updates has ultimately moved this game from good to awful in my rankings of games to play to unwind.Whilst the Single Player campaign is pretty solid in terms of gameplay, the characters are basically forgettable when you stop to think about them, with two out of the three Franklin and Trevor having no real character growth whilst Michael only grows in the sense that he makes friends with Trevor again and is making steps to be closer to his family. Compared to the protagonists of previous GTA games, such as CJ of San Andreas, Niko of GTAIV and Tommy of GTA Vice City, they all go through their own proper character arcs and you learn to appreciate who they are. GTAV just feels like a severe step down from this, with focus needing to be given to either one or maybe two characters at most. Three ultimately just seems to result in things becoming spread thin. Summing up the Single player gameplay, it has some good steps in right directions, but still seems to lack greatly when compared to its older, 3D generation counterparts.With regards to the Online aspect, this has pretty much turned into a Grindfest ,with ever more expensive DLC resulting in you having to turn your spare time into work so as to get any amount of money to buy the items you might want, or having to shell out real world money for in game currency, which could ultimately be used to buy another game to have fun with instead. Along with this, the complete failure to moderate Hackers/Modder/Griefers means that when you try to earn money via CEO, Biker or Gunrunning activates, you run the constant gambit of losing all the progress you have made. This means the time you have spent stocking up of items to sell becomes wasted due to one selfish person who decides to be a completefor the sake of playing the game as it should be played. Along with this, having the constant server glitches, lag or drop out risks to contend with also results in you risking losing what little progress you have made in your spare time. This will often result in you trying to confine yourself to a single player public server, so as to mitigate the issues, but at the same time cutting yourself off from the social aspect the game is meant to have. Ultimately, when a game becomes a chore to play rather than fun, it has stopped being a game worth play.I await to see what GTAVI might hold, but if from what I am seeing from GTAV carries through to the next game be it due to Rockstars decisions or TakeTwos, this is one game franchise I will not be bothering with again. 