Great game. Loved it on ps3. Bought it on Steam simply for all the new content, and because I have a PC that can run it now. First person view pretty much adds a whole new experience. It makes it feel like a new game altogether.However, despite its graphics and gameplay I do have some complaints.I bought the game AFTER it was announced that mods would no longer be supported. I had no problem with that. But its kind of weird how modders are STILL in pretty much every match, despite all the commotion. Sometimes youll just be blown up inexplicably, or money drops will start spawning around you, and youll have to evade them until they stop, or risk a ban. Modders.TO THIS DAY.I mean, not only that, but theres also the fact that youre forced to play in public matches to run shipment missions. This allows other players to see exactly what youre doing, swoop in sometimes literally  cough OPPRESSOR cough and blow you up, ruining the whole mission.And then theres the guy who just kills people for the  of it. Yep. You know who Im talking about. The rank 120 washed out asshat who is apparently bored of everything else in the game, so he insists on following you and/or your teammates around, killing you. And killing you. And killing you. Hes either grinded for all these expensive vehicles as if, or hes lowkey hacked his money without getting a ban. You can either fight back, succeed, then TRIGGER him unleashing a barrage of unending spawnkills, or you can just report him for griefing, have it do nothing, find another match, hoping that recent events wont repeat.Speaking of looking for another match, Id say about 1 in 4 times I do attempt this I get stuck in the loading screen. Sometimes just after certain missions I and the person I completed them with will get stuck. I can be sitting here for 15 minutes. I could be sitting here for an hour. Still loading. Ironically sometimes when joining a match I can see what is going on in the match, but Im not actually IN it. There have been times where Im in the state where the camera is hovering above the map and Im able to see which players are killing whom, as well as the lobby chat messages and I can even send messages too, but I never load into the game. I end up just having to manually altf4 to quit just to have to reenter the game and load everything back up. This only happens online.Story mode 9.5/10.Online 3/10. Its fun when you youre not getting blown up by a modder, or having your shipment blown up by some  who doesnt even need the money. 