While single player can be considered a masterpiece, multiplayer aspect of the game is nothing, but lazily made garbage.To be more constructive.GTA Online is built with a sole purpose of selling you Shark Cards. Normally a good game having some sort of microtransactions, is not a problem. But it depends on how they are implemented. In this case, they are being forced down your throat and are nothing more, then pathetic excuse to rob you out of your money.This is Rockstar/GTA Online business plan.They charge you massive amounts for any kind of vehicle or property. Then they give you options to grind for the said items. Even so, the problems begin to emerge right here. Missions are designed in a way, so you would fail them or would earn a very small profit.Pretty much all delivery missions are designed in a way that every single player will be notified of your location, Said players will be given pretty decent rewards up to 20k for interrupting with your delivery. These same players face no risk at all, for hunting you down. The worst thing that could happen for them is they could be killed. Even so, death in GTA Online possesses no risks. You do not lose anything, and even if your personal vehicle gets destroyed, you pay nothing. So the attackers have nothing to lose, but a lot to win, while the player who is doing the delivery has everything to lose.So here is the situation. You spend hours gathering vehicles, cargo boxes or gathering products from one of your businesses in MC club and it only takes 12 shots to destroy all of that.Of course you might say But you could call your friends, to help you protect the deliveries!Yes. You can call your friends to work as your associates and protect you during your deliveries. And they would barely make any money from that. GTA Online does not reward helping someone. It actually discourages you from working for someone, as you barely make anything from doing the same amount of work as your CEO.And once again, dont forget that all of that work can go up in smoke in less than 5 seconds.AND NOW. GTA Online introduced explosive ammo for... A HEAVY SNIPER RIFLE.So if you could dodge rockets or destroy enemy vehicles in the past, now have fun dealing with players hiding on rooftops and blowing your cargo with 3 shots.AND ALL OF THIS ABOVE, was designed with one purpose. To make you, so annoyed with grinding, that you would decide to buy a Shark Card and get what you want faster. The fun part of GTA Online is gone. It has been changed with soulless grind for money, so you could get cute toys, which really dont do much anyway.Still not convinced?Well how about hackers? A lot of games with multiplayer aspect suffer from hackers. Thats right. But, GTA Online is special. It is INFESTED TO THE CORE by hackers. They do what they want, they dont get banned, they are in almost every session, and they can change statistics of other players freely change your rank, steal your money, etc. Rockstar has done NOTHING to deal with that.They do have some sort of protection, but there is an interesting thing about that protection. It actually has a HIGH chance of false flagging you as a hacker. Rockstar can easily wipe your character and progress or ban you permanently, and you wont be able to do anything about it, as their customer support will ignore you.And now they have also banned Modding tools for Single player as well.Believe me. You dont wanna buy this game. It is a corporate garbage, and if you think you will have fun... Trust me. You wont. 