In the world of disconnected executives, it probably sounded like a really good idea to remove modsupport. It probably looked good in a spread sheet and in a power point presentation. It probably sounded really good in the ears of the corporate zombies that are completely removed from their customers. The oportunity to make a couple of thousand extra dollars is just to tempting for them to take a step back and ask themselves Guys, is this REALLY a good idea?.And, no, it was the worst decision they have ever made. By far. So bad infact, that if there was a zombie apocalyptic outbreak in the Take Twos HQ, it would actually increase the average IQ. It would probably improve the customer expererience and interaction as well.We are talking about tools that are targeted towards the single player mode only. A mode that has been left completely unsupported since the launch. No new missions, no added campaigns. No nothing. Enter the modders that VERY LIKELY has had a significant impact on the sales since tens of thousands gamers are watching Youtubers and streamers mess around with added content. Content that people clearly like but the publishers have been completely ignoring. Why? Probably because the online part is easier to monetise on since you get to buy Shark cards due to the ridiculous pricing of the added content for the online mode. I, for one, couldnt be arsed with the online mode at all any more. But that is a completely different story.The trend in the business at the moment are going towards 2 things1. Coop2. Mod supportMore and more AAAtitles are incorporating systems for modders to publish their work. And we are talking work out of pure love of the game since they make zero US pesos on it. Not only are these modders increasing the life span of the games but they are also getting more people to buy the them. FACT! Im one of them since Ive purchased several Sim racing games only becuase they have had extra MODDED! content that I really wanted to try.And now they suddenly decided to chop of that hand that has been feeding them money. Feeding them money for FREE!Theres problaby some guy in the marketing department, completely unaware of how gamers think of course, that came up with the idea and managed to pitch it to the board. And thats fine of course, but how the board decided that it was a great idea and also how they are actually going to make MORE money out of cutting out the modsupport is completely beyond me. Its probably due to the fact that I cant think like a zombie, but who knows.I completely agree to having a hard red line against modding in the online part since we are talking about real money that  gets involved. I have zero sympathy for cheaters e t c, so thats not an issue for me.But since we are talking about the single player, offline mode, its just too much to swallow.Im only one voice the gaming universe, but for me this means that it will be no RDR2 for me. No way. I have to show my integrity somehow and the only way I can do that so they get the message is with my wallet. 