Grand Theft Auto V is a videogame triumph. The game is beyond insanly detailed and the Developers, Rockstar Games, With the Rockstar North Devision based in Edinbrough, Scotland, spent 3,000,000,000 on the games making and its clear why when you play.Grand Theft Auto V features 2 games  Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online.We will speak about Grand Theft Auto V first.Grand Theft Auto V is mostly a storybased games with 80 missions which takes alot of hours to go through  all missions make sense, good quallity and thought went into them. The harder missions are harder, the smaller missions are even easier  I think for someone who has played other games on the PC Platform and buys it on here, your first playthrough of the Story will probally be the best as you dont know whats coming and you to learn  the game teaches you so niceley. I wont brake any spoilers but its worth playing through the Story again as it makes sense even more. Words can not describe the simple detail from the map of San Adreas Calafornia, and Los Santos Los Angleas and the surrounding areas. I mean, it really is amazing.Grand Theft Auto Online is based in the same Universe 9 months before the events of the main story take place. After completing the Story, Grand Theft Auto Online is endless. Rockstar have been providing free DLCs adding new Content since the Xbox 360 and Playstation 3 launch in October 2013. Since then all DLCs have continued to be free. Recently in the past year Rockstar have added CEO VIP  Motorcycle Clubs which are effictivly businesses which you can use to make money apart from doing the normal Jobs/Missions given to you on your Phone. This adds another aspect to GTAO of which I adore, being that you need to work to grow your empire, Being the forementioned VIP, CEO or MC businesses. I work everyday to be able to get that true dream of everything you ever wanted. I love it to bits  whilst ofcourse meeting other players in the process and having fun.Some downsides of GTAO are however that there is a mild scripterproblem but Rockstar have often banwaves and some items now cost a fair bit of money and they really urge you to buy the MicroTransactions  Shark Cards  HOWEVER  this can be avoided by working hard enough. A Work/School weeks off of GTAO can get you a good business going with a solid income.Both Grand Theft Auto modes have a sandbox feel, so you can do anything you ever want, ever, in the game. This is pretty much what makes GTA, GTA. Fancy robbing a bank, mowing down people, shooting up in a store and seeing howlong you last? Yeah  do it! Nothings holding you back  its the perfect chaos simulation!If you havent got Grand Theft Auto V yet and your hardware can run it, youre missing out. It is a MUST BUY in my books!About the 3rd party comments I would plead everyone to change their reviews back to positive or right a serious one in their opinion. Whats all this about?Rockstar Games parent company, Take2 Interactive banned modding Being able to change the game, in Grand Theft Auto  this caused an outroar in the community and the modding community. Some software named OpenIV was banned as it was responsable for modding  Take2 probally banned the software as the team developing it were converting Grand Theft Auto IVs map, Liberty City  into Grand Theft Auto V. They dont like it when this happens, so they probally thought by taking out OpenIV they can get their way, As they did by taking down the RedDeadDesert in GTAV project, as well as fixing the hacker issue in GTAO. I wouldnt ever call them hackers  just scripters. However, OpenIVs team required you to own GTAIV to be able to do the port and their software could only modify the SinglePlayer game  and Rockstar stated before that they were fine with this.Since then, the software has been reallowed to develop but their GTAIV in GTAV project was cancelled. So please everyone, write an Email to Take2 and dont blame Rockstar  they had no control over this. Id also urge you to change your reviews and upvote this so more people can see the PSA  thanks! 