I bought this game at launch because my friend urged me to get it. She told me there were going to be multiplayer heists, and that was the selling point for me. Since I loved the Payday games, I figured Grand Theft Auto would knock this out of the park since it already has the driving mechanics in the game to allow for getaway driving and shooting while moving, none of which existed in a Payday game at the time.Instead, what I got were heists that paled in comparison to what is in the Payday franchise, in my opinion at least, and poorly designed segments of the heist, such as havingplayer fly a plane from A to B for several minutes while the rest of the crew has little to nothing to do, and if the person flying the plane screws up, everyone has to wait for it to happen all over again. The heists take a lot longer to do than in Payday, which is a terrible idea, given that one big slipup means having to redo an entire heist segment.Then, at payout, the person hosting the heist gets to decide the payout. My friend who told me to get the game claims that because she had to pay to buy into the heist itself and doesnt know how much it costs, nor is she going to look it up and adjust pricing, shes going to give our mutual friend and I about 10 or so of the cut, each. Despite me urging her to let us price the buyin and adjust payouts to something fair, she gives us what she deems fit, and we never played the game again. The game should automatically compensate the person who bought the heist accordingly and give fair payouts to the whole team.The game allowing a player to be a  and screw everyone over by distributing them terrible payouts after their hours of playingheist, though realistic, sucks. If I wanted realism in my robberies, Id be doing time in prison right now, or dead and buried from succumbing to gunshot wounds. /Payday games arent designed so you can screw people over like that. Technically, someone could kick you from the game, but the devs of that game, pay everyone more money if everyone completes the level, so thats even handled well in that game, too. Grand Theft Auto V tried to compete with Payday in regard to heists, and its a sorry competitor in that area. If the heists are your main interest, turn back now, because GTAVs heists are, in my opinion, far less fun and rewarding than Payday 2s.