Lets face it. If you bought this game, you likely bought it to play online. For those of you looking for a solid single player game, the story mode in GTA V is superb and a good addition to the series.As soon as you try to enter multiplayer, you instead load up the game Loading Screen Simulator. Even with a solid internet connection and the game on a PCIe SSD, you still run into the longest loading screens of any game you could ever imagine. Once you finally load into one of the online worlds, you face hackers, griefers, and a million other things that kill you repeatedly with little hope left. To make things worse, Rockstar continues to add content that makes the game progressively more impossible for people who didnt want to shell out hundreds of dollars more than the 60 pricetag. But this is nothing new to add to the reviews, and if you want state of the game posts, look at the other reviews.What finally pushed me to switch from recommended to not recommended, was the last time I logged in. As a CEO the majority of my money comes from selling goods, which can be a very risky adventure. I managed to sell a full warehouse worth and was left with around 240,000 from that shipment. When I logged in to the game today for the first time in a few weeks, I discovered that all of my money was gone, and I had a notice from Rockstar saying I would be banned if I was found to have illegitimate money again. Ill state that simply, this game is the only thing Ive met that punishes players 1 for other people hacking and 2 for people who dont spend real money on the game. Adding onto this, there are now multitudes of insurmountably powerful vehicles that the average player likely could never buy without paying money or getting hacked money which will get them banned even if they arent the hacker, making this easily one of the most P2W games in recent memory.If you like the GTA series and dont plan on playing online, by all means get this game. If youre wanting to play online, avoid this title at all costs.