So, first and foremost keep in mind that i have played this game for over 980Hrs  Xbox 1  Xbox 360.First things firsti turned the detail to 100 and got mydown to the prossie Club. BOOM! Boss!Then, i started lagging, realised that my PC couldnt handle it, personally, i just dont think the character could handle it.SecondGTA 5 Online and GTA Story Mode, 2 completely diffrent games, With flying bikes and bikes cars everywhere, you feel like youre living in Sin City.ThirdI created my character Online, because i couldnt transfer my old one, 5 minutes later a modder blew me up....Not once, not twice, but 3 times a ladie....no litterally, he blew me up 3 times, then called me a noob..Fourth10 minutes in, and i start looking at all these new features CEO, MOTOCYCLE CLUB and sht, why has the ability to manage a strip club or Casino been added? No worries, grinded for a few days, ended up buying a bunker, which please keep in mind that its underground, and they ALL LOOK THE FREAKING SAME! So buy the cheapest, but they are good money once they are all fired up5thFirst time i sold my bunker, i lost 1mil, took me over 14hrs to build that sht up, if they had a STRIP CLUB or a CASINO, this wouldnt happenFinal Verdict Amazing game, lots of new features, they keep updating it and it is trully amazing...But no STRIP CLUB, No CASINO, but they even have a hanger for planes? Though i do like the hanger since they are awesome but again, they are overpriced.Earning Money on GTA has never been easier, i got 8 mil sitting in my account and not touched one SHARK CARDs, enjoy the game, expect modders, and....plenty of glitches online...Oh, also being on PC you can have MODS, but yet still to find a MOD for STRIP CLUB or CASINO, shame, they even have a mod for Zombies where instead of biting you they PUNCH you? what are these zombies? Boxers? Incredible.In GTA 5 ONLINE you will be Angry, Happy, Sad, Smilling, Grinding, Flying and Keyboard worriorING all at the same time.Oh i forgot to mention, the loading screens are terrible, why call it GTA 5? Call it Loading Simulator. 