I have 570 hours on this game so I believe that I can give this game a proper review. This game has entertained me for over a year now and it still does. But why dont I recommend this game to you all. I will tell you why.I would like to start with how this game use to be easy in the sense that it was possible to obtain vehicles, planes, helicopters and homes/bases. But now, rockstar as purposely made items more expensive to force people to buy their shark cards . For an example, it costs 2.1 million dollars to buy the Ocolet XA21 and its a good car, but the Grotti Turimso is 4 times cheaper at 500,000 and is just as good.Second, I would have to say that it is near to impossible to get homes, facilities, bunkers, vehicle warehouses and other items on the mase bank websites. I played this game for nearly 300 hours before I even got a CEO build. It will get take you another 100 hours to get either a vehicle warehouse or a crates warehouse. All up, I have spent nearly 2.2 million on just the CEO buildings, just to operate the organisation. These buildings I would like to point out, are all stock and have no upgrades to them. Bunkers and facilities are all around 23 million and thats before upgrades Unless you go to paleto bay, which make bunkers and facilities obsolete and diverts me as a player, away from the game.Lastly, I would like to point out, unless you are patient and willing to grind for like I said, 300 hours for very little reward then this game is for you but for the rest of us, it makes this game boring. This game requires hundreds of hours of grinding and the payout is garbage. You can spend days on a single heist for a payout of 600,000 bucks. Which is a good payout but, you have to split that 600,000 between 4 people. You end up getting next to no cash and you start to wonder, was that really worth it. Other missions such as the CEO crates give you a better payout, but as I said, require hours of grind and during the transport of those crates, they can be destoryed by others in lobbies and you loose countless amounts of money because of it.To conclude, this game has provided me with years of entertainment and I dont plan to stop playing GTA. But for the new people who are deciding whether to buy this game or not, I would say dont. The game forces you to buy hundreds of dollars worth of shark cards inorder to buy 2 or 3 buildings or vehicles and unless you like grinding for hours and hours on end, you will grow tired of this game quickly and wonder what you spent 60 USD on.Thanks for reading this review and I hope you take this into account when purchasing this game. As I said, this game is not bad by any means but, for these reasons alone, I would say take your money elsewhere. 