TLDRThe single player bit is amazing but too short. The multi player is the worst experience Ive had in an AAA title. Theres no cheat protection and you spend more time on loading screens than anything else. Hackers all over.8/10 SP1/10 MPHow the hell are there still so many cheaters after two years? How? I quit playing because of this in the first place. Just a couple of weeks after it was released. I had waited for years for this game.The new pvp mode is horrible. Doing the sameover and over is dull.I might enjoy it if it wasnt for the weapons and overpowered vehicles so at least you can depend on yourself. Ripping off the battle royale concept could work great but it is just very poorly executed and got old after two runs. Making it vehicle and team based was probably interesting in the office but really PUBG or battle royale are actually well thought out and balanced.Very cheap.In 3 days of extensive playing two years after it was new, this sums up my experience1. Impossible to progress my heist missions as host. Every attempt, one player has just disappeared. Not even once have I been able to follow someone else leading and complete an entire setup with heist with same crew members either.It sucks balls to do an entire line of setup for then to have the guy hosting it just disappear forever as the heist is about to start.It takes less time making money by just repeating the same five missions over and over and over and over and over and over and over.. and over. Each time just long enough for them to give the maximum payout. At least it is predictable.2. Hacker plague is just as bad as it was two years ago.Have been blown up from across the map several times.Have barely survived being blown up along with most players on a server by leaving just as mass death spam occurs.Had my vehicle blown up and had to pay for it myself.Emptied several magazines of heavy sniper into target head without doing any damage for the guy to then get on a bike he summoned from nowhere and then fly across the map on it.Definite killshotsTook down a gang of red players except one of them who was invulnerable on his sailboat, grabbed an armed heli from a base and went after them, killed them again except the main guy who aparently could pilot sailboats at sea and fire homing missiles at the same time.killed by player outside line of sight and fire several times, respawning and instantly dying to them with the message you were bombed by person xxxx.Had all the vehicles in my garage replaced by those huge dump trucks which then instantly explode.3. The added content since i last played adds very little to make the daily grind more interesting. Just more pipe dreams.In short this is the most broken multi player experience ive ever played.I wish they would add 100s more missions.Id pay for a single player dlc that adds more single player missions. Or more heists type stuff.The derpy races and death match stuff bores me to death.If I had know any of this before buyig the game I would have kept my money.I feel ripped off even though the too short single player experience was really damn good.I wont buy anything from these guys again. I feel sorry for the hardworking artists who created this beautiful world and everything in it. Such a waste for this pay to win moneygrab.This game is just one giant waste of time and the business model behind it is pure cancer.The only thing that is fun after a while is slaughtering as many players as possible on the world map until you die enough times that it gets old, which for sure doesnt aid the already extremely toxic atmosphere in the game. 