Well i used to love gta 5 i still play it all the time but they just banned modding for singleplayer. btw hackers still run rampant all across online so the ban on modding had 0 effect at all on hackers or modders as some call them in online. all it has done it ruin your freedom and immersion for singleplayer.as for multiplayer  since the ceo vehicle update theyve added some cool vehicles however most of them are utterly useless with how much theyre nerfed or just plain broken.1st the Phantom Wedge a diesel with a metal ram on the front to flip cars over and away. sounds awesome right? except it dies after running into and flipping about 50 cars. which isnt a lot especially for what the vehicle is supposed to be. in fact the normal diesel can run into more cars before it dies. and the ramp buggy is in the same boat except about half of that. its a buggy that is literally just a moving ramp.2nd The Technical Aqua was released months ago with a fatal bug. the driver of the vehicle has little effect from this however everyone else in the session including passengers and gunners will see the vehicle desynced as hell. now what i mean by this is the drivers can be driving through the streets and on everyone elses screen hell be teleporting all over and running into walls for 5 minutes straight pretending to drive then teleport across the map becuse it syncs every so often. this bug has been out for months and then rockstar releases the new gunrunning DLC and add a vehicle with the EXACT SAME BUG the new APC has it. so not only have they not fixed the bug but theyve released another vehicle with the same issue that they already knew about. making the vehicles completely useless unless you just want to look at it and say its pretty without ever getting into it.3rd i do have to mention that the new jet bike Oppressor theyve added in the gunrunning update works like a charm and is by far the funnest vehicle you can ever have. however the machine guns on it are useless and only server to stop you from using and real weapons. atleast until you unlock and equip the rockets which btw it gets 20 rockets before they run out which is a plenty. especially when the night rider car only gets 8 or so.4th the rocket voltic is waesome in the missions and races and is fun for a bit in the open world however in the open world the cooldown on the engine is over doubled for no real reason so you wont get anywhere faster then a normal super car.5th the wastlander flatbed russian style truck cant hold vehicles. enough said.6th Armored Boxville, so this vehicle is a armored rv essentially with a snowplow on the front. and it doesnt take any damage from ramming vehicles head on. WHAT?! so the diesel with a giant 20ft metal cone the flip and push cars can hit a few cars and die but a rv with a snow plow doesnt take damage from ramming? WTF ROCKSTAR way to make the Phantom Wedge Useless along with the Ramp Buggy when they had so much potential.7th The Anti Aircraft trailer well it counts as a personal vehicle so you cant call it in and have a personal vehicle to tow it. so you get some  pickup truck with no additional armor upgrades so well thats .oh yea and if youre in any public online session with any players then there is always atleast one hacker in the session.