This review will be covering the online component of the game, as I have not played single player.Grand Theft Auto V/Online really is a work of art. I can mean that both seriously and with thick sarcasm, because of the unpredictable nature of this game. To many, the games potential is overshadowed by their unstable servers and slow load times to the point where it is frequently dubbed as Loading Simulator 201X. Looking past these barriers, its incredibly fun as a game.Obviously the main highlight of the game is the ability to use GTA in the online compnent of the game to collect whatever you want. Gun and Car nuts can rejoice, because you can claim permanent ownership over anything you purchase. As time has passed, the goods available has gone from semitame to insane. The best vehicle in the game has transformed from an attack helicopter, to a fighter jet... to more bizarre toys like flying cars and an orbital cannon.Fun as this sounds, the game has severe problems which is why I cant recommend it to anyone new. The sheer cost of everything either forces a new player to put HUGE amounts of time into the game or purchase GTA with Shark Cards that can cost over 100. While farming is sometimes fun, the most lucrative famring methods require you to be in a public server with other players. Public servers run rampant with toxic players or modders/cheaters. And since adding the orbital cannon to the game, someone with obscene amounts of GTA can instantly kill you anywhere on the map with no warning.All in all, GTA Online is still incredibly fun. They are still updating the game years after release. New toys are expensive but not unobtainable by conventional methods. Its just really hard for someone new to get into it, especially alone. If Rockstar would allow more things to be done in a Friends/Invite Only session I would be more willing to support the game. I would also like to see less blatant cash grabs given your only options are to farm in public sessions for days or give them money. 