I hate to have to give this game a negative. I really do, flat out makes me tired of it having to do so. Its a fun game, great map, wonderful level of detail, amazing amount of things to do. The single player story is awesome and if you plan on buying it for the single player I would recommend it. Played it during the PS3era and really enjoyed it. Even online at the time it was fun.But on to headache of why I have to give this a negative. SharkCards. Paying real money to get yourself ingame currency. I think its trashed this game significantly. I get it, yea Rockstar you somehow need to make money to keep this game active and for the free DLC youve been providing thats available for all players.First off. The price of these SharkCards and how much you get out of them. 100 for 8 million. Come on. Really? That buys you 23 toptier vehicles tops because you have everything inflated in the market making it practically a grind nightmare. Hell, the Megalagon gets you halfway to a Yacht thats priced at 16 million. Literally, 200 worth of SharkCards for a single Yacht that you cant even drive around. From what I hear the things practically pointless and all you can do on it is change your clothes and sleep. Like if Rockstar did this the standard way and sold their DLC it would literally be priced at a couple or even several hundred dollars in their world. Or hell, 200 for a single thing that serves you literally no purpose. And Im scared to even look up how amount of ingame currency I have to even get in order to buy every vehicle thats released in these DLCs. Literally a massive grind nightmare.Which leads to my 2nd point on SharkCards. Like, lets say I magically have the money to afford and waste on a couple thousand dollars worth of SharkCards Rockstars Wet Dream. Than what? As a 90s gamer what in the hell is the point of doing anything like player missions, heists, cargo missions, etc if I already have everything provided cause I paid real cash for it. Maybe have fun doing them all once with really nice stuff, but that isnt really all that long to do and you have absolutely nothing to strive for ingame cause you already have everything...Thirdly, Rockstar will do anything to this game and at all cost to get you to buy a SharkCard. Raise prices of new vehicles and really just about everything they add. Lower payouts on missions not to mention long cooloff times so youre not making so much so fast.. Increase costs of practically everything and make sure that it remains high for you, and Ill continue on that and why I mentioned it. Their whole world revolves on whatever it takes to getting you to buy a friggin Shark Card. It, just sucks frankly.Now on to the CEO work. Ugh. This system that they have going on here, just doesnt work. Nobody in their right mind is going to be your associate or bodyguard with these payouts. Nobody. Maybe if you can trick a scrub into working for you a bit before they realize they can make more money doing their own thing. Seriously, it isnt worth it. Theres absolutely no incentive for people to work for you but against you. Now thats when a bigger grind nightmare happens because every player in session is bound to screw you up. Like SpecialCargo for example, all it takes is one player in a fancy Hydra and its over. Youve lost tens if not hundreds of thousands on all this cargo that didnt make you jack in the end. Which leads to people especially us PC gamers to resource monitor the hell out of a full public session and play it absolutely alone. And that sucks too. To fill a 111 crate warehouse would take you days worth of gameplay if done alone and hell a weeks worth doing one crate at a time to give you the better profit margin. Like what is this Rockstar? A job? Its supposed to be a game. Not everybody has that amount of free time like I do sadly. But if you have 20 to spend on a Shark Card it will give you close to the amount youd make and that gives you really nothing thats going to help you grind. Vehicle cargo literally blows me away. Never have I felt so ripped off in a video game making on average 75k profit selling a supercar that markets for close to 3 million. Im sorry. What? And what you have to go through to source a car with NPCs left, right and helicopters shooting and crashing into you to make sure the repair costs rack up.Youll have a similar story doing VIP work. I find it so dumb. That the only thing worth doing in all that is cocaine and that accounts for a small margin of what else you can do. And their payouts literally are not worth the cost.So thankfully I saw right through those shark cards and never bought one. Infact Im proud I never gave Rockstar that satisfaction. For the sake of GTA6 and the future of GTA Online I have to give this a negative review. This turn the Gaming Industry has taken the past few years is just depressing. Its definitely not what it used to be. But hell Rockstar may never read this or even consider a thing if they did cause its all about profit and statistics now. Guess Ive made my point. 