While I enjoyed the single player story, thats about it. The map sucks, the cars are incredibly cartoonish and handle like toys, and its just not fun after you beat it once or twice. The main reason I despise this game is the disaster known as GTA Online  what a dog sht experience. I tried it a couple times years ago I bought a highrise apartment, bought a couple overpriced cars... and then got bored. Its essentially just a deathmatch arena. You cant walk/drive around for five minutes without getting killed by some douchey fourteen year old screaming into his mic like Justin Beiber fingering his balloon knot. The loading times in the online portion, even on my SSD, are atrocious. The biggest issue is the forced Shark Cards  notice how all the cars theyve added postlaunch are only in multiplayer? So if you only enjoy single player, you dont have any access to the new content. Not just the cars but all vehicles released postlaunch  theyre all exclusive to GTA online. This is clearly intentional. If you want to experience any of the new content, you either have to grind for three months just to afford one overpriced car, or you have to buy a Shark Card. Its not just paytowin, its paytoenjoy. The Shark Card that costs you twenty US dollars barely buys you a car or two. Its so clear they adopted the disgusting corporate attitude the gaming industry has been sliding towards in the past ten years, Ubisoft being the most guilty. Rockstar used to be one of the companies I would consider preordering from, one of the companies I trusted but after the joke that this game turned out to be, Ive just lost patience with theseSince GTA Online is such cancer, I stuck with the single player for awhile despite the lack of content. One of the main reasons I could do this without wanting to rip my eyeballs out of my skull from boredom was because fo the modding potential. Well, guess what? Thats gone too now. TakeTwo sent OpenIV a cease and desist letter  so no more modding. I literally have no reason to play this game anymore. Importing mods to replace ingame cars with their real life counterparts along with the LSPDFR mod was the only reason I played the single player after beating the campaign. I bet its just another way to force players into GTA Online so they can sell more Shark Cards. Its just gross. Count on Red Dead 2s online experience to be no different  theres no way these cowards arent going to try to maximize profits at the cost of a quality online mode.