The PC version of this game is officially DEAD. TakeTwo Rockstars parent company hammered the last nail in the coffin all by itself with the take down of OpenIV. I purchased this game for a third time ps3,ps4,then PC at a full 60 on pc after waiting forever just so I could mod single player. OpenIV was the tool that made that possible but it no longer is after they received a Cease and Desist order from Take2.Taketwo claimed OpenIV allowed modding online when in reality the tool was used for singleplayer modding not online. And lets be honest, its been a little bit since the take down and the only thing accomplished was destroying the only positive experience about this game left on PC. GTAO for PC has been dead a while, the mod menu users have completely taken over the online experience. Even with repeated session switching it is near impossible to find a public lobby that doenst have at least one trolling mod menu user blowing everyone up with one button, locking people in cages, draining all the money from your acct, teleporting you outside of playable areas to crash your game ect ect ect. Rockstar has been able to do exactly NOTHING about these users they are EVERYWHERE and in every session.So what does that leave for GTAV PC? Single player. Like I said, and im sure many other users are in the same boat, buying this game for PC was the third time I paid 60 for the game and I did so solely for the ability to mod the single player experience. I already had 2 copies of the game on PS3/4 where I could play multiplayer, and lets face it PS4/XBONE are the only places to play this game online at this point due to mod menu users on PC and old gen consoles. With the take down of OpenIV, single player modding goes right out the window. So what Rockstar and TakeTwo are saying, imo, is that after 180 spent buying GTAV across 3 platforms, I still dont have the right to play single player the way I wish to. GTFO of here lolAnd consider how late in the game this move is, the PC version has been released for over 2 years now with openIV being an integral part of the modding community the entire time. People have literally spent YEARS working on mods and mod builds that required openIV to properly implement. All of that time has just been rendered wasted by TakeTwo. On top of that, you have to consider the many many communities such as the LSPDFR who have spent years building an amazing play space for civil gameplay and roleplaying between users that are now without way to perform the modifications to the game that make those awesome experiences possible. I just dont understand how TakeTwo possibly managed to justify rendering quite literally 1000s of hours of time and effort, in many cases per individual user, by people who puchased the game and positively contributed to its community completely wasted. YEARS of peoples lives invested, rendered entirely wasted with one Cease and Desist order that isnt even accurate smh GG TakeTwo, either pony up and admit you Fcked up royaly and grant openIV permission to function again, or expect to lose the same customers who supported your game to the point of buying it 3 times at full price across 3 platforms.You clearly only care about money, which is evident by your outrageously priced DLC content in game price used to try and push shark cards, youre shady sale tactics of raising the price of the game to sell it on sale with shark card bundles that make it cost full retail anyway, and the fact that over 2 years after release on pc lol been even longer since initial the game still costs 60 here on steam. Youre SO close to being completely written off, fix your mistakes.