Rockstar Social Club account statisticsNear 600h of playing on PC/Over 300h of playing on PS4Story mode cleared on both platformsLv 180 on PC GTAOL and still going strong/Lv 105 on PS4 GTAOLEarned well over 100m ingame currency Legitimately with two accounts combinedCrew founder/Legitimate playerOverallThe game is 100 worth the full price if you are into sandbox/TPS/FPS/SLG/ACT or enjoying the past titles from the franchise. Imo buying the game when its half priced is like theft XD so definitely grab one when its on sale if this type of game is your thing.Dont buy this game only for online experience. ENJOY STORY MODE FIRST BEFORE DIVING INTO GTAOL. GTAOL is amazing but can be extremely frustrating if you dont know what you are doing. Many people I know who tend to rage quit the game and talk trash about the OL experience are those players know nothing about the GTA and started playing OL a sec after they cleared the offline tutorial. So get familiar with the background story/engine physics /gameplay/ controls/useful tips and tricks etc. before playing GTAOL if you truly want to get the most out of it.The negative reviews about this game on steam is largely due to something has little to do with the actual game quality itself if you know what Im talking about.E.g. Boycotting Taketwo for banning offline mod feature i.e. OpenIV btw the boycott is successful and now OpenIV has returned, Online modders, legitimate online players got banned, Hardearned ingame cash got removed, online server issues etc. However you can avoid most of these if you are CAREFUL enough based on my personal experience and experiences from my real life friends who also enjoy the game for a long time. I didnt say Rockstar has done a great job on maintaining our online experience but at least I think they tried hard and there is still a long way to go.Story modeNearly unlimited features and activites to be discoveredStunning graphics with compelling storylineUnique and vivid characters designsStory is a bit short and the finale is somewhat weak compared to the beginning and climax.No new updates/Dlcs/features when the main story has ended. Gets boring pretty quickly unlike GTAOL experience where you have a bunch of cool stuff and new features to enjoy even u are a solo player.GTAOLContinuous amazing updates/New massive DLCS gets released every season or sooner even when OL is out for over 3 years/New game modes, different discounts on ingame items, double cash/RP events are implemented every 2 weeks at the most normallythere has been new contents every week recently.Fun fact GTAOL could still achieve its new historical high in terms of income and active online members when its almost in its fourth year and still going stronger with insane amount of new players joinning every single day. Reference TakeTwos offical report. So dont listen to all the people saying that this game is dead already.Excellent balancing on ingame economy/income/prices. Yep u heard me right. I call the economy in GTAOL wellbalanced but dont get me wrong it could be better still. But u may ask then why there are so many people in review section and on youtube complaining about the new dlcs items are always overpriced and Rockstar is getting greedy.Here comes another fun fact I could easily earn over 300k per hour with CEO warehouses/vehicle import/export/bunkers missions even when Im playing solo with absolutely no double bonus events going on. And I could earn even more than this with my friends. In addtion, there are often some double income opportunities with the above missions and you could get nearly double as much for a whole week long.Take this weeks double cash with vehicle import/export mission as an example, u can earn several million easily 2 hours of play per day maximum if not over ten million like what some of my friends and Ive got by doing it. I admit that there will not be always such rewarding events going on every week but come on, different items are always on sale each week. Even items from new dlc would be on sale 2550 discount around 12 months after the release.And u guys call an 12 million HYPERCAR overpriced? Then how about lets price it at 500K lowerend car would be like under 100k then, and everyone can get a brand new supercar everyday by grinding 12h only. I guarantee u the game will get soooooo boring no longer than 1 month. At least its true for me and all my friends.So check out some solid and legit money making methods for GTAOL on ytb or something before start whining about the inflation people. Your cars earned this way is much much more precious to u and its definitely not something you cannot achieve in a short period of time.Unlimited possibilities with simply too much stuff to explore and enjoy. Ive played GTAOL for how long? Like about 500h maybe? XD and I didnt even start playing stunt racing, nearly every single adversory mode in the game and so much more game modes which I even couldnt recall all the names for them.Extremely disappointing anticheats/mods system. SHAME ON YOU ROCKSTAR. Ive never seen cheating/modding could be such a unstoppable thing before GTAOL especially for massive company like Rockstar who is sitting on multimillions of dollars if not billions of dollars. How about this Rockstar? Lets put some serious effort into fixing anticheats system before banning innocent players and you can make even more money without all those losers trying to mod their money in and harm the fair play environment for everyone else.Glitches and bugs with new updates. This is also contributing to the last point if u like. Many of the glitches can be and are in fact often exploited by cheaters even without the assistance from third party tools/apps. However, I still see glitches are being patched pretty quickly especially if its harming Rockstars cash cow in any way, shape or form. Jokes aside. Personally these never really bothered me that much and Im actually amazed by the work Rockstar did in the past DLCs. Just imagine how much debugging they have to do with such a complex game when they try to introduce something completely new to the existing version.SO......there you have it.My little piece of reviews for the game that I truly enjoy playing. Just to let you know, this is never for drawing attentions or likes. I write this ONLY because I LOVE the game and I would like to share my honest opinions about it with someone that might find it useful or entertaining later.P.S. If you want to look for more tips/advices for the game in any aspects or just feel like you need to discuss anything with me. Feel free to add me on steam or reply to this post. Enjoy the game. 