You still not sure if you should but GTAV? Well its is hard to sumup, but here goes. Most people I know buy it for the online aspect but theres much to love about the story as well. Ill try to be brief with two short COOL and NOTSOCOOL lists to specify when Im talking about what part of the game, enjoy and thanks for reading!COOL STORY Plot, dialogue and acting. Rockstar somehow found a perfect balance of fun and realism in this one. Things go over the top like it should in a GTA game but not in a way where you take nothing seriously, the story has a lot of weight to it. The main characters are written phenomenaly, I guarantee youll have some great laughs and many surprises through the course of it all. Gameplay is solid. Movement, shooting and controlling vehicles all have their learning curves but every challenge is something you can overcome by training yourself. You can also customize all your keyboard keys or even use a Controller, which seems to be easier to use for controlling aircraft by popular opinion. This GTA seems quite a bit tougher then previous titles however you die surprisingly quick for one and acquiring larger of money is basically impossible early on in the game, but has its reasons for being that way. Atmosphere, area design and graphics in general are fantastic. Us PC users can tweak it any way we want so even lowerperformance computers can handle the vast world of San Andreas. Its filled to the brim with NPCs all with weird, interesting or simply funny dialogue and after a 100 hours you probably still wont have seen every detail. The perfect game to find your own goals in. Wanna try to steal that helicopter on top of that base? Maybe just find out exactly how many pedastrians you can punch before getting shot dead by the cops? Fun times. There are many challenges to be done, secrets to be found and achievements to attain. If youre a completionist like me you wont be done any time soon.NOTSOCOOL STORY Fans of previous incarnations, especially San Andreas, might be disappointed by some of the changes. Mainly the reduced size of the titular island, its still very grand for any regular sandbox standard but youll still find that the small city of Los Santos is the place where 90 of the game goes down. Though you can save at any time outside of a mission, loading games or missions is quite a mess. While youre in the game at no point during any mission, race or other activity can you restart to try again you HAVE to die or fail to get the option to restart. This can be infuriating during races where its sometimes relatively easy to make a mistake you cant come back from and you either have to do the entire race or kill yourself to respawn at the nearest hospital. Not fun, and goes double for those trying to get gold medals for longer missions. Prepare to follow guides if you really want to get the most out of the game. Money isnt as easy to come by, so the investment assasination missions are something you should know about before ever getting them. I didnt on my first playthrough, so I missed out on a lot of things lategame.COOL ONLINE All the gameplay and writing aspects from the story should apply here, but with some extras. In online youre simply dropped into the world with nothing, and its up to you to just earn money. Why? To get more money of course! And probably to acquire the huge array of vehicles ranging from old hippie busses and dirt bikes to literal plasma tanks and stealth bombers. You can go at it completely solo, but Il tell you its better with friends. Get yourselves in a game, make a company, buy some assets and get to work. Most major missions in the form of heists need 4 players, so that would be the ideal way to go for it as waiting for random people to join your session can be quite a pain. Especially if they dont communicate and/or perform well. Heists themselves are cool with a similar taste of grandeur to the story. But extra fun since now its actually you and your friends dressed up in silly stuff doing it. Fun for the whole adult family. Theres a lot of fanmade content in the form of races and challenges that can range from cute to insanely awesome. Races in muslce cars that can jump are among my favourites. Dude. Me and my friend dressed up as Elf and Santa for christmas. Painted a hovering, missleshooting Delorean in jolly fashion, got ourselves some throwables... and started raining presents down from above. Then a hacker/modder/scripter came to us, beat us up for killing him, then told us our outfits were cool and gave us 100,000 each before leaving the server and kicking every one else but us from it. Then we went to the store, bought over 20 beers each and had a drunken brawl until there was no more booze to celebrate the occasion.When does that happen? Only in GTA 5 Online.NOTSOCOOL ONLINE Your Mileage May Vary applies heavily. As an online game, your experience will heavily depend on your fellow players in the server. Half the times, it seems every one is leaving each other alone, while one or two big companies do some work and duke things out. The other half its people who just want to watch the world, and specifically you BURN. Be it in the overworld or inside a mission grievers and just runofthemillbuttmunches abound. This is why I suggest to play with friends. Even harder then story, and not just because of the PVP. The Police and most other NPC enemies get a noticeble upgrade shooting with insane accuracy. This can be a problem since EVERYTHING you do WILL make them come after you. Death barely has a pentalty to it, but its simply not fun to deal with them if youre already dealing with everything else that gets thrown at you. Making money and showing off your pretty cars and assets is the point of the game. This can feel shallow to some. I personally dont care for it too much, just do it with friends. Id really see no point to playing online if I had to do it on my own.And a final note Dont let kids play this, please. Not only is it a mature game, Ive witnessed a lot of borderline scary behaviour from the younger crowd who take things very hard. This game isnt for the easily distressed or those with a short fuse. Just a warning.And thats it, I hope I kept things short enough and that this was informative to those who were still unsure on purchasing this after all this time. Im a bit late with this review but I couldnt stand not making one while I have so many hours put into it. I probably forgot to mention a bunch of stuff but thats why Ill answer any questions you might have.Thanks again for reading and have a nice day. 