THIS IS MAINLY FOR GTA ONLINE IF YOU ONLY WANT TO PLAY THE STORY I RECOMMEND THIS 100When this game came out i really loved it from the beginning and when online came out i jumped straight in. In the first few years online was amazing besides the griefer issue which has always been there but in the last few years gta online has been getting worse and worse while also getting better at the same time. The thing is that the continuous updates to gta online have brought in some amazing and enjoyable content but also have been reinforcing the aforementioned griefer issue. The increasing trend of going into online lobbies and specifically going out of your way to ruin the experiences of other players is negatively affecting the enjoyment of many players. With the latest dlcs adding loads of new weaponized vehicles into the game, it has become way too easy to harass players and there is a high chance that the other player cannot do anything to stop the harassment aside from changing lobbies. With the new dlc the prices of items and vehicles have gone up dramatically, forming this huge paywall that can only be passed with either modding your account, grinding for days or even weeks to get enough ingame money or rockstars preferred option to purchase ingame money with reallife money via microtransactions. In the new doomsday heist dlc this has become just unacceptable in my opinion. To host the new heist you need to buy a facility to do so and facilities cost anywhere from 2 million to even 6 million and compare that to the 200k apartment needed to start the original heists. Also the latest dlc has brought the griefing to an all time high by introducing any griefers wet dream into the game the orbital cannon a.k.a  the pay 500k to instantly kill anyone in the lobbygun So in conclusion the games singleplayer mode is amazing but the online mode in which i was focusing here is great if you have the time or money to get the cool new toys but if like most people, you dont then i would recommend you to pass on this one. I still have hope that rockstar will see their mistakes and make the paywall of new content more reasonable, but only time will tell. 