Keeping if short.NOT RECOMMENDED FOR 59.99Dont spend 59.99 buy it on special i got it for 25 on steam of course. Campaing is wonderfully made and as most reviews point out the problem is online. Its been almost 4.5 years first on console as of 2018 since its release and even though this game was some of the first to have game currency for separete purchase Rockstar has made great profit, they got away with what EA couldnt StarWars cough. With that said they still stingy with that price tag and more let me tell you why.Online the only problem in the game, now i dont mean to point the finger nor am i accusingish but its as if Rockstar expects you to spend  on Shark Cards aka game currency. Rockstar made a good equation where its just easy to fail or die in a mission or PvP scenario that makes you open your wallet. You dont have to buy shark cards no one is beign forced however tis the only way to have any minimal levarage if youre new to the game. The ONLY way you can enjoy online without reaching for  is if you have friends with you on your sessions, in some missions it requires 2 or more players to start. If failed obviously retry but if failed constantly and someone leaves lobby with minimum required players for the mission well no go and loading back to map continually is a pain. Otherwise the rest of the problems personally are.Modders can get you banned just beign in contact is enough P.S. dont accept free game currency from them they try to get you banned for kicks Rockstar will know account anomalies. It may be resolved if you get in contact with Rockstar but idk.Other playes killing you form nowhere cause why not, they dont cheat but its frustruating on the other hand this is Grand Theft Auto not Respect thy Neighbor.Server sessions should have Rank locks at least if new to the game until rank maybe 3050 because in a pvp scenario Itll be ovbious who will have the advantage and this goes back to my argument of reaching your wallet for any leverage.Unfortunatly this is the dirrection most publishers are heading release a game with adons to squeeze as much mula as they can form consumers if it only be cosmetics it be fine but goes deeper than that. GTA is one of a kind but at this stage not enough for 59.99 for base game, in all honesly im a cheap  and a critique it seems. Others have tried to apply same material as GTA and failed no real competiton for Rockstar. Maybe Saints Row if they feel like it. 