I love GTA V. I really do. I got an amazing amount of time in the singleplayer story and honestly, it was... alright. The end cucked it all for me but the ride was fine.I always love the different amount of things you can do. The driving, the NPCs hating on you for everything you do, creating a traffic jam, trolling the fire brigade, searching for the stunt jumps, watching tv like a bum, getting drunk and driving like a maniac dont do that IRL you prick, thats what this game is for. You can even play stupid games like golf, tennis, you can do crazy races, helicopter fights, breaking into the military station...Even the online mode had me going nuts. Completely customizing your character, from face, color, clothes, walking style and everything. Being able to customize your cars, a million of them, different bikes, bycicles, quads, boats, helicopters...There are insane gamemodes, races, missions and the heists... hooo boy they were amazing.But you know what? All of it doesnt matter.Rockstar wasnts money. A lot of money. Because of this, your new shirt isnt 50, its fkin 5089 . An entire outfit, and Im not even talking about the neon biker suit that lights up in the dark. Im talking cap, tank top, cargo pants and shoes. Probably somewhere around 10.000 . Thats right. You just spent 2,5 million on a brand new car? You have money left? Dont worry, you can upgrade it. Just getting bulletproof tires is already 25.000 . Upgrading everything to max level probably takes 2,5 mil in itself.But theres more sheet you can buy. Yachts, 10 mil, apartments, 5 mil, bunkers offices all fkin expensive as sheeeeeeeet.You think it doesnt matter? You think you dont need all that? Good luck winning a race. Everyones driving their customs and lapping you twice. You wanna do a mission? Better pay up for proper guns, all their ammo and bulletproof vests which surprisingly, is the cheapest of everything you have to pay for honestly. No wait, that are sodas and snacks. They are actually cheap.Well, if you have to pay so much, then there must be easy ways to make money... right? Nah. Nope. Nada. Not at all.Heists are probably the best way to go, since getting a hardcore bonus will grand you 10 mil. But the fact is, playing that with random players usually results in failure. Not just that, the bonus is same crew, hardcore, no dying. If it happens once during any setup or heist itself, youre done. You have to start all over again.The fun modes can be fun, but you make fk all money with that. When there is double JP and double money, you play for the longest time or rounds and have a lot of people... 150.000 is what you make, approximately.So then, you have to buy shark cards. Real life money to get in game stuff.Does it really surprise you that there are so many modders/hackers? Really? When they keep adding incredibly overpowered stuff that is expensive as heck?So yeah. The hackers or rich kids have the most overpowered stuff. Armored cars with missile launchers on them, bikes and cars that can fly, bunkers where they can hide, planes and helicopters that have more machine guns on them than is appropriate... and they will kill you for fun. Over and over. If they cant reach you, they will just hack the console and kill everyone with random explosions. Why? Its fun, isnt it. Even if Rockstar tried to fight them, its probably useless.So yeah.Its uh... yeah, not fun. Not at all. It got completely destroyed by Rockstar and then by its community.Dont take money from hackers, you will get banned for it.Although it seems tempting, doesnt it. 