Good game, fun with friends. But dont buy it. Dont support companies that dont fix their games and blame mods for ruining their profits.Ill explain... GTA Online requires grinding for money GTA if you wanna get the cool stuff, so it obviously requires time or you to buy Shark Cards with REAL money to get millions of GTA. So, this money is important for Rockstar/Take Two interactive but its also important for the game, because part of this real money is what keeps the game going and receiving updates/DLC. The game has big vulnerabilities because it does not have an effective built in anticheat/hack engine if it ever had one, its also somewhat unstable during online gameplay with Heists being ruined with disconnects and glitches/bugs.GTA has always been fun and great with the modding scene, with mostly single player mods, or even multiplayer mods but that dont run or affect official GTA online servers. However, side effect is that same mod tools that allow great mods to exist also can be used by cheaters to obtain fake money GTA in GTA Online, and cause disruptive gameplay god mod, remove peoples vehicles, guns, teleport them elsewhere, etc. That is because the game has vulnerabilies, and not because the mod tool exists. Nothing is stopping someone else to develop a new tool that will keep ruining the game and possibly creating losses of profits for Take Two Interactive.Obviously the mod tools intended use is not for cheating or gaining illegal/fake GTA money, but in order to protect their game and profits, Take Two interactive decided to send a cease and desist letter to a popular mod tool Open IV site to stop developing and distributing the software that is essentially the base for all mods. Instead of fixing their game and creating mechanisms that block those illegal exploits, they decide to target the modding community.TLDR Because of a few deranged people, they ruin it for everyone.They have the right to protect their game, but they should act more professionally and considerate of the large user base that likes GTA because of the single player mods or nonofficial multiplayer mods for nonofficial gameplay. 