Favourite game, ever.First GTA game I played was GTA 4, which at the time I thought was fantastic even though I was a few years late. I got GTA 5 on PS3, PS4 and twice on PC disc version screwed up, so I got it on steam. Worth all of that money x10, and then some. The scale and depth in the game is mind blowing.Ive since played the 3D era GTA games too. 5 is the balance between the HD, gritty realism of 4, and the arcadestyle, laid back, mayhem of say, San Andreas.StoryDoesnt come close to the dark, realistic, shady story of 4, but that isnt what Rockstar were going for. Its great in its own right. It knows when to have a serious tone, and when to kick back and let the player have fun. Characters are well done too  having 3 protags was a great idea. It doesnt sound important, but accessing the world from 3 different perspectives is a stroke of genius. Michael and Trevor are well developed, interesting characters. My complaint would be what they did with Franklin  arguably, he embarks on a bigger journey than the other 2, but isnt nearly as well developed for some reason. Its still fun to play as him, and hes a good character, but I feel they couldve done far more with him. The other shortcoming is the comedy. Its funny, but at times it feels really lame and juvenile tbh.WorldDont really know how to describe this properly. Its insane. It looks beautiful, theres variety cities/hills/desert/towns/sea. It feels alive, which is the most important thing. Feels very real. Its also a very good replica of LA. Only been there once, but they managed to really capture the feel and look of the city. Big step up from 4, while it had an amazing city, there was no diversity, and it all felt really grey and washed out.OnlineThe less I say about this, the better. It is toxic and awful, pay to win has taken over.Full to the ing brim with absolute bellends screaming into a  mic and deafening everyone in the lobby, hackers, and low life incels who have nothing better to do than kill everybody online on GTA all day. Sunk countless hours into online with mates on PS4 back in 2015/16, tried a few times on PC a while ago, was From what I can tell its only got worse. Enter at your own risk.I dont have time to play online anymore, and even after beating the story and getting 100 quite a few times over the years, I still play it. Install a mod, replay a mission, cruise around or something to that effect. Cant run out ofto do. I will mention that I barely played in 2017, so I guess I kinda got the novelty of playing it back recently.10/10 