Let me preface this review by saying that Grand Theft Auto V is one of the best games Ive ever played. Its a statement thats soon to be followed by a massive asterisk, but its still worth pointing out. I can say that there are very few games which allow me to walk up to a tourist attraction, gun down every unfortunate person gawking at media symbols, carjack an old lady, drive to the airport while police attempt to arrest the lunatic off his meds, steal a helicopter, fly over a military airbase, skydive into the hangar, steal a jet somehow, and lose the cops while recreating 9/11. Its a game thats fluid and seamless enough to allow for several controls schemes across several types of vehicles without feeling inorganic, with the lone exception being Rockstars signature floaty onfoot control.In addition, Grand Theft Auto Vs world is an exaggerated version of our own in which every character is honest to the point that they become charicatures of what they represent. No hold are barred, just about every member of identity politics will be offended by the end of the main story, as every single group you can imagine is portrayed as an egotistical stereotype. This is deliberate, of course, Rockstar created this setting in order to facilitate a story which acts as a social commentary of the New Tens, a decade characterized by social media, the devolution of culture, and the militaryindustrial complex. Even the radio stations get in on the act with commercials for Sports wear for people who want to look like they play sports, The most American beer you can imagine brewed in Germany, American cars with the prerequisite Your tax dollars payed for this commercial!, and my personal favorite, Soccer as endorsed by foul mouth British hooligans.If youre going to buy Grand Theft Auto V for the single player mode, then you have my full endorsement.But the reason my review is Negative is entirely on the fault of Grand Theft Auto Online. Hilariously, TakeTwo considers Online to be a separate game to the single player and is part of the reason why this game is still selling for full price two years after its PC release. Its also worth mentioning that Online technically follows the Freemnium format. While there is no standalone premium currency, standard cash is considered to be both free and paid currency. This is due to the presence of Shark Cards advertised though the ingame radio, cos of course it is. which can go for up to 100 for 8,000,000 GTA Cash.  In order to incentivise this spending, earning cash Online is aggrivatingly slow. Robbing stores only gives up to two thousand dollars, contract missions give up to fifteen thousand, and competitive modes award cash based on performance against others who have potentially spent money on Shark Cards, thus gaining an equipment/vehicle advantage over you. Even the fastest ways to make money, heists and organization work, have problems of their own. Heists require that the host owns an expensive, highend apartment to start the missions and each heist awards far less than what would be realistically expected. Organization work is a riskreward model, and the time needed to gain resources to sell is equally as slow as earning money by any other means. Hosting Organization Work as a CEO or President also has a high barrier to entry, with the cheapest office running for a million dollars and the cheapest clubhouse being twohundred thousand dollars. Adding to this is the fact that most items in the game guns, vehicles, clothes, etc. have a significant markup compared to single player Fully modding a couple of guns is likely to set you back by a few hundred thousand dollars, further incentivising Shark Cards.I realized I went on for a paragraph without explaining the gameplay of Online, so Ill explain as follows. Online is structured most similarly to an MMORPG. Your character can gain Reputation levels which allows them to unlock weapons, contact missions, cosmetics, and gameplay features. All players start in Freemode where you can purchase properties and participate in organization activities, such as CEO Vehicle Delivery and Motorcycle Club Contraband Production. All players are given the ability to host a variety of activities, such as races, parachute jumps, golf games, wave survival, and classic deathmatch. Recent additions to the roster are adversary modes which are deathmatch modes with twists that usually upset the balance of power between two teams and stunt races regular races on massive floating platforms which exploit GTAs driving physics.By itself, and with single players fluid control scheme, GTA Online would be a decent game. However, Online is plagued with a multitude of problems. Most ingrained into the games design is the prevalance and length of loading screens. At the time of this review, I have played six hundred hours of this game and can definitively state that three hundred of those hours were spent staring at loading screens. You will encounter a loading screen each time you need to join a new lobby or rejoin freemode from an activity. Its not entirely guarunteed that youll even join a lobby near your location, resulting in a longer load and noticable server lag. Over two years, it appears that Rockstar made no attempts to optimize load times and instead elected to place selfadvertisements on all of them, bragging about time they spent developing content youre not experiencing because youre stuck in a loading screen.On top of this, the players are subjected to the whims of a playerbase consisting of tws and modders. Personally, I have no issue with tws as I believe they add to the challenge of the experience. If you really cant handle them, its incredibly easy to switch sessions. Modders are far less managable, as they are wildly unpredictable in their actions. From personal experience, I would recommend immediately switching server upon finding a modder. If you remain, you risk and these are all real events I saw myself witnessing UFOs fall from the sky, being attacked by an invulnerable Jesus with a railgun, being attacked by a SWAT team spawned in a la Garrys Mod, having a burning toilet strapped to your torso killing you over and over again, being teleported to a rooftop with the rest of the server and blown up, being kicked from your own plane while flying over the city, and being forced into scripted poses for the entertainment of a twelveyearold with a god complex.All of these annoyances are just that, annoyances, but the most damaging thing a modder can do to you is give you cash. While this act seems purely altruistic on the surface, this is usually done in an attempt to get the victim permanently banned from Online by Rockstar themselves. What happens under the surface is that the game tracks what money enters your characters possession on the backend with where the the money actually came from i.e. Contact Mission, Heist, Race, CEO Shipment, etc.. In freemode, the only money youre expected to pick up outside of these categories are a few thousand from store stickups and a few hundred from NPC kills. Should Rockstar review your earnings and find that you managed to stumble upon a few million dollars, theyre likely to brand you a cheater and ban you permanently. Should the horror stories be believed, If you attempt to appeal this action at Rockstar customer support, you are also likely to get laughed at by the staff who apparently think theyre living in the world of GTA and that youre just the charicature of a spoiled brat gamer portrayed in the game proper.This is to say nothing of TakeTwos treatment of the offline modding scene. To say they blew off their feet with a shotgun would be an understatement, as they forwarded a poorly composed cease and desist to the popular modding platform OpenIV, creating the disgust you are witnessing today.TLDRBuy only on a massive sale, stay away the plague Online.