Rockstar made this statement on their websiteDo NOT change your reviews to recommended! This does NOT mean they are going to stop cease and desist! A lawyer on Reddit fully explained how the used a bunch of fancy words to make it seem like they are changing things, but they are not!Here is the comment he wrote belowAs a lawyer, I read it as it changes nothing. It is a carefully constructed paragraph to give you the illusion that the stance about modding may have changed, but in fact it didnt Answer Rockstar Games believes in reasonable fan creativity,What is the definition of reasonable? Who decides what is reasonable or not? The word reasonable is usually used to give a broad interpretation of what comes next, to the point of invalidating it, basically. and, in particular, wants creators to showcase their passion for our games.Showcase their passion? Who is talking about passion? We are talking about mods. After discussions with TakeTwo, TakeTwo has agreed that it generally will not take legal actionGenerally? How often is generally? Who decides that? It basically means whenever I want. against thirdparty projects involving Rockstars PC games that are singleplayer, noncommercial, and respect the intellectual property IP rights of third parties.Third parties IP as well, not only Rockstars or Take Twos? And what involving means in this context? Is it arising out, connected to, derived of or what? This does not apply to i multiplayer or online services ii tools, files, libraries, or functions that could be used to impact multiplayer or online services,Tools, files, libraries or functions basically anything digital that COULD BE USED to impact multiplayer or online services. If you tweak it hard enough, basically any tool could be used to impact multiplayer or online services. or iii use or importation of other IP including other Rockstar IP in the project.So if you have a tool that reads a proprietary format to extract sound, textures, etc. so you can later modify them, or even replace them with something else, would you be subject to legal action? It seems so. This is not a license, and it does not constitute endorsement, approval, or authorization of any thirdparty project. TakeTwo reserves the right to object to any thirdparty project, or to revise, revoke and/or withdraw this statement at any time in their own discretion. This statement does not constitute a waiver of any rights that TakeTwo may have with respect to thirdparty projects.Basically, TLDR I am not promising anything and I will still do whatever I want.Empty words.Source 