Single player Grade 10/10Multiplayer Grade 9/10Short reviewSingle player is  once again a long and extremely enjoyable story driver open world game by Rockstar.Multiplayer is extremely as well fun and has vast amount of content but it is marred by some rough edges and cheaters.Full reviewAs said in the summary, the single player is exactly what you would expect from a GTA game. Thus I will keep single player review as relatively short. The Single player is a a long story driven chain of mostly humorous missions that takes places in a large and lively single playable open world. Even outside the missions, the world has a lot of things to and discover from beautiful landscapes to creating massive traffic jams and from bullying pedestrians to tumbling down the mountain to escape wild animals. The quality of the execution is once again flawless. Due to the single player experience alone, this game is a must buy for anyone who likes open world games and for others this gets a strong recommendation as well. The single players part is easily 10/10.The multiplayer called GTA Online part is executed as follows. By default you are in on open world together with 30 players. This mode is called free mode and is mostly identical to you being in your own single player open world except that you can interact with other players. On top of that the free mode is filled with random events and jobs started by players who have bought themselves with ingame cash the CEO, VIP or Motorcycle club president status. In free mode, prepare for the fact that many of the players are hostile and shoot you on first sight. You can choose to be in passive mode to avoid being killed by other players but it also prevents you from using weapons.The other thing that the multiplayer offers are different kinds of missions. To get into a mission, you must first be in the free mode and then start a mission there or choose to join a started mission. These missions create a new instance of the open world, available only for those people in the mission. There are many different categories of missions so that there is definetly something for everyone. Some examples are story mission like coop missions, surviva,l deathmatch, team deatmatch, racing with vehicles, parachuting and many more. A nice bonus is that players can create their own custom missions excluding some game types such as coop ones.  Note that the single player campaigns missions are unfortunately not playable as co op missions.The missions available in GTA V Online are fun and the large amount of them and the large amont of different game types together with having fun in the multiplayer free mode make GTA V Online a great experience and I would really like to give it 10/10 but unfortunately there are some notable issues.First one of these issues are the cheaters. In no other game have I seen as many cheaters as in GTA V Online. The amount of them is so big that it is a great shame that Rockstar has not been able to control them. You can avoid cheaters completly by creating private session. That however prevents some free mode mission types.For some stupid reason the players tend to call the cheaters in GTA V Online as modders. I really hope that stops because traditionally modders are completly different group of people. Modders are people who create modifications to games to add/modify content such as Forgotten hope 2 mod for BF2 or Prophesy of Pendor for Mount  BladeWarband.Second issue with GTA V Online is that it is possible to buy ingame money with real money. This happens by buying Shark cards. This makes GTA V online more or less pay to win. By money you can buy yourself for example CEO status and with that you get abilities unavailable to nonCEO players other thing that gives obviuous advantage is buying vehicles.. You can of course grind enough ingame cash to become CEO like I did and get vehicles. However that takes a lot of time and there are many different things you need ingame money for such as  buying apartments, warehouses and motorcycle club persident status. Grinding ALL these without buying ingame cash requires a massive amount of time for normal players. In addition some of the missions of GTA V online are locked behind CEO/Motorcycle club president status.About 2 years ago the grind needed to unlock all the stuff you need was still acceptable but nowadays with more content the time you need to grind is totally stupid especially for new players. As of writing this I have played over 800 hours of GTA and most of that in GTA V Online. That is a lot. I am still far from owning everything. I would say that you need about 400 hours to get all that you need CEOPresidentCouple of apartmentsmost important vehicles and that is way too much time.The last problem in GTA V that I am going to list are the loading times and some related issues.1. The load times are massive even with current high end PC SSD.2. After a mission you have limited amount of choices for next game that you can vote about. I like the vote but the problem is that if none of the given choices is good, the only opnion is to return to free mode to create new mission of yor liking. Going back to free mode requires loading so this thing worsdens issue 1 a lot.3. After many heist type coop missions you are forced to free mode. This worsens issue 1 a lot.4. If someone leaves heist type coop mission, the mission fails automatically and you are forced to free mode. This worsens issue 1 a lot.5. Someimes after a mission you and your friends end up in different free mode session. This worsens issue 1 a lot6. sometimes loading to free mode gets stuck and instead of cancel and retry, user must restart the game. This worsens the problem 1 a lot.7. To start private open world session, you must first get into GTA V online or single player mode. This worsens problem 1 a lot.I think you see my point. The loading times a bad. Sometimes that is price you have to pay for great graphics etc. However what kind of an idiot decided that 2, 3, 4 and 5, 6 and 7 are a good ideas especially in a game with massive loading times??!Despite all the flaws I listed for GTA V online, it is so enjoyable that I have to give it 9/10.PS. The flight controls suck on MouseKeyboard. Rockstar, please add joystick support next time and/or take a look at Battlefield 2 to see how to implement flight controls properly with mouse and keyboard.PPS. This game is so large that I would still like to say a lot of other things as well but to keep the review in somewhat acceptable size I must stop now.