This game is FUN. Do not let these negative reviews psuade you. Those reviews are there just to get mods back, and personally Im happy for that, and it worked. The game is good, the people that made the negative reviews knows its good.The gameplay overall is smooth. The gunplay is epic. The way you drive the cars/planes/helicoptors are so smooth, you will find yourself just driving/flying around the city for no reason what so ever. The only con is that the ragdoll mechanic is messed up. Sometimes you can just walk into a pole and all of a sudden youll ragdoll for 5 minutes straight.There is no real story to be honest. Its funny as hell though. Youll find yourself dying of laughter because of what the characters do. Sometimes youll also find yourself saying, Thats what you get dirtbag. Overall the story is about a 6/10.Online is literally the other half of the reason why Grand Theft Auto V being the most selled game on steam. Its big, like really huge. Youll stay in it for hours and hours trying to grind the stuff you need. Youll even make a few friends too. The missions online though are a bit short. Heists are worth it, definently. Cons to multiplayer are 2 things. Take Two is activisions little cousin. They psuade R to basically make end game online a shark card fest. After 10 hours or so, youll find yourself doing EVEN MORE grinding then before. Thats because Take Two want you to buy shark cards. The other con is the community. Sometimes youll join a lobby filled with people killing others on sight. Youll join modded lobbies sometime. Its almost pure rng to be put into a decent lobby. Modding is fun as hell, I am not that experienced in moddingthat much, as theres a lot to do. Picture Garrys Mod had a better, superior, long lost cousin. Thats basically GTA V  when it comes to modding. You should do it when you start to feel bored.Overall, this is probably one of my favorite games. I love the singleplayer. I love online. I love R even though they can be complete morons sometimes. Definently get this game when you have the chance. 