WARNING REVIEW RANT INBOUNDHonestly, I really hate typing this out, really I do but it needs to be done. Firstly I wanna point out, no, I have not modded this game or any other versions of GTA, and while I did find Take Two banning a modding program that literally had absolutely no effect on multiplayer Also it should be said, if it was a concern that a mod intended for Singleplayer was possible to be in Multiplayer, they probably shoulda coded stuff better...Im no game designer, but it seems like an awful idea to have code super similar when you have two different game modes, but anyway, moving on. was blatantly ignorant and totally devoid of logic, the game has FAR greater issues to deal with first. I personally find Singleplayer pretty boring, like really, I dont find the story that intriguing and I find all characters to be pretty damn cliche. I have yet to get into the meat of the story on PC, because on 360, it really wasnt all that intriguing and I dont feel the need to go through the game again on PC when I could arguably play with my friends online...Which brings us to my BIGGEST issue with this game.Im gonna be honest, I had a blast when I first played multiplayer on 360, and I really enjoyed the first few hours of missions because they slowly gave me more and more cash reward which gave me the sense of progress. Fast forward quite a few months and Im a high level who narrowly avoided modders countless times after it became a serious problem, until I resorted to playing invite only with my friends to avoid it. This wasnt a huge deal, because we could play the missions and still screw around and all that good stuff. BUT, I also Ingame money, I refuse to buy into anything remotely similar to shark cards, especially in this games case because its like a festering wound that never goes away and constantly reminds you its there and it inhibits the game in a lot of ways decided to buy both a motorcyle club, and a business...Both of which REQUIRE you to in an online lobby to get the real cash benefit of...Which I would have no problem, dealing with other players in the lobby, competing over goods, sounds fun to me...Save for the fact that the Public servers are literally so teeming with modders, the very FIRST time I logged onto the online game I got a quarter of a million dropped on me and altF4d in hopes itd save me the burden, long story short, it didnt. Then they did the wipe,  which took the other 1.2 million I grinded myoff for, away from me, and then even passive agressively implied it was me who wanted it, when their online has been chock full of modders basically since launch. But I sucked it up and figured, You know what, screw it, its been such a long time I wont mind doing the missions. And so I have, and honestly after returning to them, its sorta fun again, but then I decided to try and complete the heists, and boy howdy do I have a serious problem with how absolutely pitiful the payouttotimespent ratio is. Humane Labs stealth portion, gives many players stomach ulcers, Im pretty sure, as the AI seemed to decide they smelled your shampoo Because lets be honest, who doesnt love singing in the shower in real life, AND a videogame. and set off that alarm. But we got past that, did that neat little breakin, parachute bit, then did that NV goggle Sam Fischer bit, and got picked up by the chopper and won the game...And then I got like, 270,000 dollar for it. I coulda done the Motorcycle Side Missions a lot quicker, for more payout in the time and ingame currency I spent on that heist, which is grossy unbalanced, and is a blatant design to make you feel like you have to buy the shark cards to get anywhere, and even those dont take care of things anymore because these pricetags have grown to all time highs, and I guess I missed the memo where even videogames are affected by inflammation, I guess there is no escape from the crushing reality of the economy folks, were not good enough to get a break from thatin virtual reality either. But, Ill stop wasting your time, Im sure any other consumer of this product knows very well how painful all these features are, and now that theyre implementing more ways of interacting with the online component of the game, without fixing the modder problem, theyre essentially wasting our time and money in order to get you to throw more cash at them. With that, I bid you adieu good folks, cheers and game on.