Okay so, after having put in some nearly 600 hours in the game I feel its time to make a review.Graphics wise on PC, the game is pretty solid if you have the hardware required. You can see it wasnt just a straight port from consoles. The attention to detail in sounds, dialogs and everything is quite astonishing! The singleplayer story is interesting, though some characters mainly Trevor just feel kind of... forced. That is excuseable however since everything is in order and with quite some polishing put into it. Theres plenty to do singleplayer wise, altough until now there is no word as to singleplayer DLCs like the episodic DLCs for GTA IV.The bad thing when it comes to singleplayer is mods. Not too long ago, the developers decided that modding this game is bad, and that you should feel bad if you mod it, pretty much killing the entire modding comunity from day to night. That has generate some huge backlash take a look at other reviews.Now lets get to the rotten core of this review, the multiplayer aspect of the game. Now, you have to understand, when the game was just released on PC, the first week of online play was quite nice, barring server issues but even those werent that much of a problem and most of the issues started to rise later on and most of them are still very much unadressed up until now.The first big issue is the amount of hackers in game. It was worse, but its still quite bad. Often times you will find yourself in a lobby where you get exploded out of nowhere. Or have an UFO and other things spawned on top of your head pretty much preventing you from doing anything. You may also find that the streets and roads have turned to quick sand meaning youll end up driving a few feet and your car will get dragged back to the starting point over and over and over again. That wont happen if youre on foot though. Shortly after you will get sniped by someone on the other side of the map as they also simultaneously snipe everyone else. You will also occasionaly  be teleported to other places or face people with machine guns that are fed with rocket belts.Other than the issues mentioned above with hackers, the main issue is hackers dropping tons of money out of the sky on top of you, most of the time also preventing you from avoiding these pickups and turning you into a millionaire by accident. On any other world this would be a good thing but it is not in GTA Online, as Rockstar has been known to occasionally ban players who receive hacked money. They dont really seem to worry much about you getting hacked XP points though, or so the community has pointed out. As of the latest hacked money wipe a lot of people who earned quite a few bucks legitimately with the double money events also had their legitimate gains wiped out with the Smugglers run update that added hangars and a variety of helicopters and planes.Speaking of the online DLC, heres the really crippling issue, that seems to outweight the bugs, hackers and everything else with online. While the online aspect of the game is free to play and you can build your own fortune from the ground up, there are soft pay walls that will likely lock you out of the DLC content in online as it is quite frankly, extremely expensive. The most recent DLCs, Smugglers Run and Gun Running are a very good example of one such thing, with most of the content requiring a few millions for you to purchase a hangar and the vehicles you want. If you happen to want cold war era bomber tough luck because it will cost you over 5 millions to buy it,  a few more depending on the hangar of your choice.With the gun running DLC, its the same issue. You will need to buy a bunker in order to research the upgrades for your vehicles. Want an APC with missile launchers? Youll have to buy the bunker then research it. But heres the thing, you CANNOT choose the type of research to perform so if youre unlucky, itll be the last thing on your list. Of course you can boost these research projects at a cost of about 220,000 each, and if you boost them all itll cost you a whopping 11 millions in online currency. Then you will also need to buy a mobile command center WITH a vehicle workshop and then buy the APC, and then spend the money to add the missile turret to it. Oh, and it doesnt lock on aircraft.Now you may be thinking that making a few millions in this game isnt so bad... Well... it is. It really is. When you think about a tough grind, you might think of World of Tanks and it is quite a grind indeed, but its not as bad as GTA Onlines. The regular jobs you get from contacts... Sure, do them so you can get a good amount of RP, but dont trust them to net you any significant amount of money. Heists can be interesting if youre the leader, where youll take most of the payday after the heist finale. But theyre much harder and it is very difficult to find a team that will not troll you, will not act as idiots and will not generally just give you a VERY bad time.There are other options such as exporting cars once you buy the car garage, but dont exepct it to be as easy since you have to source the car, pay for the repair on it if it gets damaged, then pay for the mods if you want to sell it at a high value and then whatever damage it sustains from your warehouse to the delivery point, comes out of your commission. Oh, and expect plenty of military helicopters and jets to try and succesfully bomb your while youre delivering the car, causing you to lose money on it.You can get around this grind if you can shell out money for the shark cards. The ones that give you any real amount of money that youd be able to actually spend on things you might like are more expensive than the game itself. And with each online DLC, odds are youd need AT LEAST 2 or maybe 3 of that one specific card. One DLC comes to mind where the total amount of vehicles and other assets you could purchase totals in the 33,000,000 for all the content, so unless you plan on making GTA Online your full time job, you will likely not see most of the online content. The exception being if you were lucky enough to be playing it when it was released on the PS3 and Xbox 360 and where around when the moneypocalypse happened and youre pretty much an in game billionaire.And by the way, the online DLC content that comes from time to time, does not get put in the singleplayer portion of the game and youd only be able to access with mods, which are not okay according to GTA V developers.Edit  25/10/2017 As of recently, rockstar has announced there will be no singleplayer DLC for GTA V. Also, corrected some bad spelling and nonsensical sentences in this review.TLDR The singleplayer portion of the game isnt bad, but dont expect any singleplayer DLC soon. The online portion is riddled with connection problems, hackers, trolls and is somewhat toxic. The DLC content for online does not get put on singleplayer and is safely tucked away behind a soft paywall which is actually a VERY thick paywall. The only real way to get significant online currency is buying shark cards that are pretty expensive and youd need several with each DLC to be able to access all the content. 