Hello friends!I just wanna give a little overview for Grand Theft Auto V.If youve been thinking about buying GTA V, look no further, this review will help you decide.Why you should buy itGrand Theft Auto V offers so much. You can go online, and play with friends. You can also mod your game with some cool mods! All mods are free.  In story mode, Gta 5 offers so many fun, exciting missions. You get money from the missions and with that money you can buy cool things such as clothes, boats, planes, cars and so much more! But thats only story mode. On online you get the same thing, money for doing missions except there like jobs, Ill cover those later and with that money you can get all of that stuff you can get in story mode. Well, thats the basics, lets get more in depth.OnlineProbably one of the best parts of this game is the online mode. In online, you can join with friends from all over the world! With those friends you can do jobs, which are like little games you play to earn money. You can also buy a property such as an apartment, or even house! You can do awesome fun races, and just so many cool stuff. Also, on online you create your own character and with him/her, you play! I havent even gone deep into online, thats just the basics. Online is a very fun part of GTA 5.Story ModeA nice story of the characters, Michal, Trevor and Franklin. Now I dont wanna give any spoilers of what happens in the story, so yeah... anyways, you play with these 3 characters in a bunch of missions. I think there are over 60 missions. Each of these missions are very fun, and challenging in some way. On story mode you cannot play with friends, it is a single player version of GTA 5. Again, I mentioned you can get mods for story mode not for online, youll get banned onThat website has some of the coolest mods in GTA 5. If youre interested in modding, heres a little video on how to get startedOh and just so you know, his channel name is TmarTn2. Sub and like his vid!Thats about it for story mode and yeah, its great!ConclusionGta 5 is an open world game that offers many fun gamemodes. In it you can get brutal, creative and playful! This game will take a long time to download, up to 23 hours, but its worth it! And yeah, I hope this review helped you with deciding about this game! Definetly recommend it! Well peace!Side notesThis game is rated M for 17.This game is 68GB big.Have an awesome day!