This game was fun although it has many flaws that Peasantstar no they dont rock will never fix, since they mainly support console platforms, it took them a year to port it to PC and it still has a lot of flaws! Rockstar should stay away from making multiplayer games!Pros Lots of Content Lots of Fun missions Good interior designs Lots of cool stuff Fun with friends Graphics is well optimised Community made content Singleplayer story is great HeistsCons Unskippable Intro scenes Unskippable Cutscenes the ones that repeat Useless potato servers that has a loading time of up to 35 mins in limbo Short AFK autokick 15 mins Lots of timeouts from session due to poor server network Anticheat system that detects using the wrong alrgorithms Useless anticheat Lester, LJT, Lamar and other NPCs that kept spam calling you no option to disable Awful control mechanics does things the opposit that you want to do Terrible PC controls for planes and helicopters Awful netcode Interaction Menu is counter intuitive NO SHORCUTS FOR SIMPLE THINGS LIKE HEALING YOURSELF!!!! Annoying hackers that you cant avoid on public sessions Annoying notifications that you cant disable. Extremely overpriced weapons, vehicals, planes, well everything is overpriced! Pay 2 Win Shark cards even when the game itself is overpriced still 60 Maximum flight altitude of 8000ft should be atleast 15,000ft Maximum submarine depth is 65m should be atleast 300m for crushing depth Cars have a locked max speed, all cars have roughly the same max speed. Counter intuitive controls when selecting seats in a large vehical Counter intuitive camera controls that locks to one position no free camera First person is useless, FOV is stuck at 65 First person flying FOV is way too low. Impossible to use machine guns mounted on vehicals! Mediocre community Removed singleplayer modding support. Impossible to do missions for MC Club, Company, Bunker missions, Facility setups when players are present on public sessions. 75GB filesize, even Arma 3 uses less and has more content Useless customer serviceSave yourself the frustration and ignore GTA5GTA Online made me destroy 2 gaming keyboards....Rockstar owes me 2 keyboards for making the most cancerous control mechanics ever.... even Getting over it with Bennet Foddy had better controls!Bottomline Rockstar is a geedy company that only cares about the wallets of their customers, but not the customer themselves. One of the worst publishers in the world, similar to Ubisoft and EA, but with worse servers.Final rating 4/10 