ROCKSTAR decided to take out a nonthreat to their online revenue stream and instead focuses on a program used for singleplayer mods, all the while claiming they are protecting others from harassment. t, you greedy s.Grand Theft Auto Online has a myriad of problems as is, and the recent Cease and Desist is just the straw the broke the camels back. As much as I enjoy the games single player, though without any DLC or any real love or support from its developer, it does feel empty after the game is beaten. A massive open world limited by how short the campaign and how few side missions there are.The Online is another story, using a heavy reliance on unreliable people to complete heists, and a dependence on ingame virtual currency to obtain anything surprisingly fun or wacky to enjoy with the few friends you are able to coax into playing the game alongside you. The ingame currency and trying to obtain becomes a grindfest for the ages when one wishes to have, say, a rocket car or what have you. But that can at times be forgiven as an excuse to play with my friends,  so long as there isnt some sadistic  wanting to snipe myoff from three blocks away and continues to do so for the next hour YOU DONT NEED MODS FOR THAT, ROCKSTAR. But even my gripes with the Online and even the SinglePlayer could be forgiven if they just worked on their damn load times and connection settings. I mean my god, it is 2017 as I write this, and in four years since release Rockstar has yet to figure out how to make their loadtimes less than five to ten minutes?But now theyve gone and attacked OpenIV, blaming Take Two, the publisher, for the action of sending the CD rather than owning it themselves, as they have the main financial incentive. But they couldnt even do that right and are attacking a mod base that is for single player mods. Gotta sell those ungodly expensive Shark Cards somehow, right? Even if that means taking out completely innocent bystanders who are only associated because of the shared label of modders. For all its worth, its a good game with numerous problems that need to be addressed and a development company that doesnt care about fixing the problems with their actual content, so long as they keep dumping new content into their Online.