Firstly, the publisher of this game, 2K Not Rockstar, is a despicable little entity who seems content on taking apart their games and making them simply worse to support their Maximum Profit At All Costs mentality, Because no matter how much money 2K make... its STILL not enough. To them if its not the most amount of money that could conceivably be made, its nothing. Theyre happy to stomp on everyone and everything in their path. Theyll screw over decades of hard work made by modders, theyll force developers to put glorified gambling mechanics in their games to pray on those with addictive personalities. Theyll make you have to grind to get anywhere, unless you pay a fee to fuel their insatiable greed, because 40 for the game will never be enough. Multiple collectors editions, brand deals, microtransactions, DLC, merchandise, loot boxes, offshore tax havens will NEVER BE ENOUGH FOR THEM. Im aware these corporations only exist to make money but to do it with such recklessness and utter contempt for your audience is simply unethical and pathetic.The developer on the other hand, Rockstar, Ive always had a soft spot for. I believe they are truly incredibly talented and their studios put their all into the games they make. Out of the nasty business practices I listed above, only microtransactions made it into this game, and only into the multiplayer at that. Some people dont mind the microtransactions in this scenario and I have to say theyre hardly the worst implemented microtransactions Ive seen. The multiplayer is still clearly designed to support them however, hope you like grinding. Youre going to have to do a fair bit of it to get anywhere in multiplayer. But like I said its not the worst Ive ever seen. So well done to Rockstar for managing to keep 2Ks usual repugnant practices away from this otherwise wellmade game.Youll have to read other reviews to make an informed decision as to the games quality I just wanted to voice my distaste for 2K. Also, you can probably see by the hours Ive put into the game that I personally like it. Despite the fact that Im never buying a product published by 2K for the foreseeable future. 8/10P.S. Im aware these reviews are the equivalent of throwing a pebble into an ocean but maybe just maybe if I voice my distaste for 2K enough I can make some kind of insignificant negative impact on their income maybe.P.P.S. walks in half an hour later AND ANOTHER THING please Rockstar please come out from under 2Ks black, decrepit, thorny, old wing. Although for 2K the word wing sounds too charitable dagger sounds more fitting Please Rockstar, I like your games a lot and I want to support you but not while youre latched to that thing that deceitful, avaricious, barbaric excuse of a publisher I like you Rockstar 