Dont.TLDR  Cheaters, lot of technical problems, too much explosions, not enough challenge, money sucker.Unless you want to play the solo game with three uncharismatic characters but thats an other story dont buy this. People are cheating everywhere in multiplayer and to counter that, Rockstar just made the prices of every product highly expensive.The result is that only cheaters are able to pay for what they want, or rich people. Even grinding is not enough. just check my playtime...More and more products become more and more agressive and highly destructive. Multiplayer is a warzone, no more thug wars or bandits trying to struggle. Instead, we have generals fighting with tanks, Anti Aircraft missiles and so forth. You just cant play the game anymore.When it is possible to be connected, because there are a lot of connections problems. So even when you grind, you are disconnected and you cannot win the money you worked for.The only good point I still see in this game is that if you play only with friends and if you manage to stay connected together... or alone, you can just stay and stare at the perfect view, talking about stuf. But it is not worth the money you will put in it, and the infinite numbers of notifications reminding you that you have to grind or to pay to continue to play the game makes it impossible to chill out with friends too much. You always have a call from a fake guy, a sms or a mail, or even a help advice sic to polute your afternoon fun. And there is no way to remove them.At the end, I would say that this review could feel extreme or that I am biaised but I suggest you check on google for the flaws I showed.I played this game with 3 different computers, 2 different modems, I had my own team and everytime, and for everyone technical problem occures.Anyone saying otherwise is a fanboy.Rockstar has a lot of money with this game. It could be a good thing because it could mean better technical services and better servers, and better technology.I have nothing against videogame corporations making money.  But this corporation is making money without never investing it in something that will make this game better.Only in more and more spectacular vehicules it becomes and more and more ridiculous.And when cheating becomes a problem, instead of working their  to do something about that, they waveban people without filtering.Lazy job, lazy corpo, good devs but bad publishers.AVOID.