Let me start from the statement that this is the great game and I spend and still spending a lot of time in it with pleasure, creating interesting challenges with friends. You can do countless things and this game replaces literally tons of other games like racing games, shooters, simulators and stuff.But I have to rate it thumbs down as Im tired from R politics no, not about Open IV,  about ingame economy! Its disaster!I know that to be high on steam ratings people should play the game more but they shouldnt grind all day to buy 1 car! Im playing GTA Online from the 1st day of the PC lunch and love all the modes and heists but after lowriders prices on cars and property got higher and higher. Yes, you can say developers want to sell shark cards for the reason all DLCs are free but ok then  I bought the game for the price of Megalodon card 8 000 000 gta  and lets look what we can buy on this  4 cars? For the price of card that costs the price of the game I should be able to buy ALL the property in the game 10 times. All DLCs that came out already required less time and money to develop then original game for shure and why should I pay the price of the AAA game for opportunity to buy 5 cars?? ?Now we came to conclusion that there is two ways out of this situation1. Ill do as R want me to do  will grind all day stealing cars and selling it. Do you think its fun R??? Seriously? And there is like no more then 10 scenarios of that missions! I will be able to drive blind from any of those spots to my wharehouse. So for example I shoud do this sh///t with cars for 2 days just to buy 1 car for 1.5 mil. This is no fun. This kills fun and gets me angry. Gta wasnt the grind game in the past  but now its close.2. Second way out  order a character upgrade from some modder or bacome a cheater. Many people do that just because they dont what their favorite game to become grind simulator where you can even play with friends because they need money to and they have to be the boss as you are. So people order upgrade and get 500 000 000 gta  for 10 real USA  and can get anything the game can offer. And they keep fun alive and play happily!So if R wants to keep their fans happy with GTA online they have to make prices 10 times lower fo everything or to sell shark cards with the amount of cash that allows to buy anything in game.Because now its just unrespectful for people who wants to play fair. We are the only ones who looks like fools now. Grind money all day without actually playing the game and then walking to the person who have everything cheating.Cmon! You cant even choose the right paint color for chrome paint without paying 10 times for different combinations you dont like. You call it fair R?? ?Show some respect for you real fans. 