Wish I could refund this.The single player game is nothing once the story is completed. A budget bigger than The Witcher 3 and an open world thats far more dull an empty? Clearly the priority was on the multiplayer and fair enough, if it was actually any good it wouldnt bother me. Where to begin...Unless youve got the wallet for it, multiplayer is a crap shoot. X million to do this, X million to do that and the process of acquiring just a measely 100k is a process itself, not to mention that most of the game is spent waiting and waiting for people to join the game, waiting for missions to pop up, its just waiting. This is excluding the hackers and the whales who splurge on MTXs so that way they can get all the best gear to ruin the game for anyone trying to grind this boring game. What fun there is to be had with friends is overshadowed by the fact that 30 of this game is waiting and grinding for things, 60 of it is just the video game equivalent of a nut beating with a knotted rope due to terrible game design that removes any balance and 10 is just the drip feed of fun this game tries to offer.The game is designed in such a way that actually enables toxicity and childlike behaviour. People who have the best gear get virtually no penalty for bullying those less equipped and the victims of hackers are usually penalized as well for simply being in the presence of a hacker. Dont get me wrong, if I had a jet and tanks galore I would wreak havoc as well, anyone would but not everyone can because all this content is paywalled. The whole point of an online GTA would be to just mess around with friends but its made impossible unless youre willing to fork over a sum of real money. People who dont want to shell out 51 GBP at least two to three times are left to try and grind while p2w players are ruining the experience for them all the while.Theres not much left to say for this, its a game that wasted any potential it had by being the victim of Take Two Interactives scheme. Rockstar used to push out games years apart and with great pedigree, what an industry it is that I can say the thought of a Rockstar game is wholly unappealing to me now. 