The singleplayer campaign is excellent, I dont think that even needs another review at this point.That being said, I got this game to play the online portion, and its been a tremendous disappointment.Nine times out of ten there will be at least one person cheating using some hack tool they bought online, and some will even brag about it openly in chat. Just earlier someone was mentioning how easy it was to just buy another hacked account for 5 on some shady website and continue their shenanigans even if they were to get banned.If you like to spontaneously burst into flames or get inexplicably blown up repeatedly, then youre in luck. Soon everyone in the server will be joining you in finding  yet another new session potentially to get stuck in a loading screen forever, or to have it fail after an eternity and eject you into singleplayer. The charming loading screens seem to drag on for 1015 minutes or more even when using an SSD, so bring some snacks and maybe have something else to do while you wait for this mess to figure out what its doing.Visually its wonderful, even if many of the elements that gave the single player its lively feel are all but stripped away for the multiplayer portion. Dont expect to be hunting anything or going on any wild excursions, theres not much out there. I guess they didnt think people would enjoy cooperative hunting or cycling but golf and tennis somehow made the list.I want to love it, but I have nonstop problems with this game, and Rockstar is entirely to blame for the mishandling of their overpriced dumpsterfire of a multiplayer experience. If I recall, this was even hyped as being an MMO, but itd have to actually have more than a dozen players in a session before theyre even on par with modern FPS shooters. I have to rejoin playerrun organizations every time I join a session, so all prior ranks and affiliations are lost and I have to constantly rejoin them in order to keep making money.To exacerbate things, their realmoneycurrency is the same money you get from doing missions, so they are incentivized to give low payout rewards for missions or risk losing profits from sharkcard sales. This results in a lot of players simply using their hack tools to spawn money and just buy everything illegitimately instead of playing the game like this rest of us. Rockstar has made it abundantly clear they couldnt give a damn about their customers or the infestation of hackers that are spoiling their otherwise decent multiplayer game. 