Grand Theft Auto V is a prime example of the gaming issues that are more and more relevant.Heres whyFrequent updates that have potential and some not a lot creativity R have no clue how they work, let that be flying, driving etc. Many game modes in online have issues Racing as it is for example, combat is overly unbalanced and unenjoyable, most vehicles act completely unreal and other interaction such as chatting especially in mission is constantly abrupted by people calling you on your cellphones for absolutely no real reason, not being able to write in cutscenes and such and heavy censorship of even innocent words. Servers and connection is unreliable, Social Club is a very badly made way of being connected to the game itself. Microtransactions. Every new thing that comes out relies on it though every DLC are free patches available to everyone and these expansions ONLY come to the online section of the game. The Singleplayer campaign had no changes whatsoever  except a few vehicles that are also added there.The model of expansions give nothing new of a world, only crowding the already existing one with more businesses and exploitable vehicles. Its a grind for money until you can buy something, theres nothing really to it. R wants the players to buy as many overpriced shark cards as possible, which is for a 60 or  game is unacceptable. The game is monoton and wants you to crew up with about 58 people to get things going properly which ofcourse is most of the time almost impossible for solo players. There are 3 kinds of players Aggressive big mouth  fights you and calls you out for everything they can.Passive aggressive  They just get into their armored cars of flying bikes and shoot everyone they can. They dont really care about anything than killing. Passive  These peopel do their stuff and dont care about others.Ofcourse there are special snowflakes but thats 95 of the playerbase.Races are almost always about pushing other out of the track.Fairness has no place when the goal is victory. Same as physics. Its just... not there. Support and other interactions are just no matter for them. They need your money. Thats it. You cant even submit a ticket on R support unless you dig trough some helping sites via google because theres no Submit ticket or similar on the main support forum.Also you get permanently banned for players reporting you ingame with no evidence, or for even nothing whatsoever banwaves, inactive players getting banned. Not ever being to play a game you paid for is outrageous  even if you cheat let alone be innocent at all.I did not play at all or followed any news of the game before it got out on PC, i played it without any knowledge and after these years i can cleary say This is a very bad attempt to create a world that was meant to be interesting, funny and diverse. What we got instead is a boring, cringy, very predictable and plain world filled with the worst clichs of them all.The world has no charm and fun such as the previous games.Overall this is a game that the constant pushing is keeping alive. Do not buy only if heavily discounted.I hope in the future every developer will learn from the mistakes of GTA V.