TL/DR dont buy this game if youre not a millionare.If you are a millionare, can splash cash anytime you want and dont have anything else to buy, go ahead, get yourself as many shark cards as possible. however, if youre like me, then youre not willing to spend lots of money for small things.at the start, GTA Online was a fun, nongrindy game, but now its a different story. You will find yourself if you buy the game spending time looking for glitches, hacks and money making techniques nonstop, because the costs of items in this game is ridiculous. Rockstar is constantly adding mostly  stuff to the game that will hopefully make them loads of money i.e a golden jet thats, well... golden, nothing else, oh and it costs 10 million to buy. 8 million in game cash is around 100, each all in all, every bit of content in this game costs 465,046,509 in game cash... if you do the math is 59 megaladon shark cards, so the grand total to buy every bit of content is 5900. So, if you have absolutely no social life, play it if you have tons of dosh toaway, play it, but if you just want a fun game with easily accessible content, then Rockstar basically wants you to  off. This game literally gives you three options. 1 invest in bitcoin and become a millionare to fund your GTA spending sprees. 2 Divorce/leave your lover and become an addict, eating nothing but liquidized Doritos in Mountain Dew, spending the rest of your sad, miserable life at your computer trying to save up for a useless car. And finally, 3 Hack. There are plenty of them out there, just find a good one like Nullify or Hydrogen and get all the money, items and freedom you want and should get from this game.Dont get me wrong, the game in itself is good, and if you want it for the single player, then definately buy it imo. But the game is simply ruined by greedy s known as ockstar Games.P.S im having this rant after being banned for caging everyone and placing ildos on their crotches, also giving myself 500mil so i could buy everything, although it turns out that theyre pretty sensitive about modding...Well then, back to PUBG.