This review is about singleplay only. Im not a multiplayer guy, and were it up to me, Id separated GTA V solo and GTA Online completely. But anyway, thats not an issue, and Im just talking of the singleplayer game Rockstar finally released on the PC, despite their ugly maximize profits policy. And I really think that GTA V is hugely overrated.A little spoiler up ahead its not even a spoiler, technically In the end of the game, Michael says Im too old for this, and thats, I think, the words of Sam Hauser.You see, technically GTA V kicks asses, alright, it is still the best GTAlike game on the market. You have cars, bikes, boats, jets, helluva lot of activities and stuff to make your play a unique one, an unforgettable experience... But it fails in the most major aspect, for what so many people loved Vice City and San Andreas titles the attractiveness of the story. The compassion thing. Ive blamed the GTA IV for it, and its the same, and somehow even worse with the GTA V! Just like the Mafia 2  3, where the main characters are so boring and unpleasant people Id kill them myself, were it an option.The case of GTA V is worse than GTA IV and alot worse than San Andreas by the originality option as well. Lets take Trevor, for instance  for hes obviously the most noticable guy of whole trio. Hes all kinds of a bad dude, sure, but Ive played the game with just the same character a decade ago! It was the Scarface, and even the special, the rage mode, was the same for Tony Montana, as it is for Trevor. Scarface game was quite a mediocre one, somewhere on the level of True Crime maybe, and by the time of San Andreas, it would be a joke to copy something into Rockstar game what was done in some wannabe competitors title. Today its a major issue. Now, GTA V is still a quite good GTAlike game, its still making shots and all, but its just one in a row. Its not an overmighty king it was once.Oh, Im sure that 10years old who now plays and streams GTA Online like mad, are not gonna agree with me. And some middletoold aged creeps like Sam Hauser itself, would point me at the more realistic world around, that was made in GTA IV and V. I know, I know, Im myself a middleaged creep who likes realistic stuff much more than some phantasy elves and ponies. But, there is still a compassion thing. A mood after playing San Andreas or Saints Row 2 is better in my case than the mood from GTA 4, 5, or Saints Row 3, 4.. Those late games provide less than pretends, and sometimes even hollowing your emotions rather than provide you with some new and strong ones.So, lets come to the mark thing. Ill give GTA V a 7.5/10, for the amount of work they made. Minus point is for hollowing unlikely characters, minus point for an overall creepy atmosphere GTA V providing. Even the radio was worse than usual, oh, mate, thats a disaster! 