With the overwhelming amount of reviews geared towards TakeTwos attack on the modding community, it feels as if we are ignoring the things that really make GTA V a bad game.Ive been a fan of the GTA series since the beginning and with a few minor exceptions have played through the singleplayer missions of all of them. GTA V as a standalone, is multiplayer focused. The metagame of online is pretty standard, grind money and rp while unlocking perks by finishing certain missions. And just like any other MMO, online cheating is a huge issue with cheaters who not only have the ability to gain unlimited money and rp but also the ability to use godmode to terrorize players in a lobby. It is almost impossible to get into a lobby without a hacker in the PC version of the game. When you are lucky enough to find a server that you arent being constantly teleported and instakilled, a neonazi will be spewing racist rants on voice/textchat.I have played GTA V and GTA V Online since it first came out, these problems have existed since. What has Rockstar done to address these issues? They ban players who recieve money drops willing or not because it hinders their Sharkcard paytoplay ingame currency business. Anyone who played GTA online knows that money is only useful up to a very low threshold and does very little to unbalance online play. It is only useful for aesthetic mods. But having no money at all in the game makes it VERY difficult to enjoy because you will miss out on content that allows you to make money in the first place. If you want to make money legitimately in this game, you have to play heists using Rockstars awful matchmaking systems on missions that require collaboration between every member of the team. You dont have four friends that play GTAV on voicechat? Youre SOIL. So maybe this is a reallife simulator...I can live with that.So what about the cheaters that terrorize players in lobby with godmode and the bigots who harass players in gamechat? These people dont seem to be on Rockstars radar at all. Theyve significantly INCREASED since I started playing this game! It makes GTA V online unplayable most of the time but it doesnt hurt Rockstars Sharkcard sales. In fact, I suspect it increases Sharkcard sales because players dont even want to play the game legtimately anymore, they rather pay for a big sharkcard so they can play current metacontent or choose the easy way and cheat. Playing GTA V online without cheating is waste of your time and effort. 