It was enjoyable at the start, but all the newer content they release requires massive grinding times for even the smallest things, subtly getting you to bend your knee and purchase their microtransactions.  I assume the prices for the new Gunrunning stuff not even the militarized vehicles, simply the bases and regular vehicles are just as outrageous.EDITSo, I decided I might give this game another shot.  Boy, was that a mistake, and golly am I upset with what theyve done this time.  So with the Gunrunner update, you must first purchase a bunker/aircraft hangar for atleast one million dollars in order to use a majority of the new vehicles I dont believe any of them are below the one million mark, and apparently theyve added some sort of research system to weapons and base tech or something.  Through this system, you can acquire a new sniper rifle that uses explosive rounds.  No, we arent talking miniature explosions that can kill you if they hit your body, were talking normal C4 sized explosion boxes here, so that aiming is practically unnecessary.  Atleast with explosives before this literally  addition, you were required to atleast get in close or aim properly, or even have some small degree of skill in order to do this.  But now, when you realize it will take ages to reach any of this new content unless you either grind or purchase shark cards which now have a hotkey in the shopping menus you can simply swing your mouse to your leisure, and pretty much ruin everyones experience in your lobby.  Oh, and lets not forget about how Rockstar is able to remove people who give out free money, but they cant seem to govern everyone who is Actually ruining the game, be it teleporting everyone to a single location on the map, locking on with a heavy assault rifle, or even just stealing your loadout so that youre defenseless the whole time.  Rockstar has only furthered how bad this online community is allowed to be, and I can only pray that they dont let Red Dead 2 fall to this level in its online play.