Okay, so where to begin with this game. Overall Ive said i would NOT recommend it but i think its more fair to say it depends what you like to play. My recommendation is based on how me and my core friend group like to play games.So, the single player i have admittedly not completed but it seems like a lot of fun, like any other GTA Game except with the added bonus that the heist setups and heists in game seem to add something, even though theyre basically just missions. In general i do find it a pain that i have to swap between characters to complete missions and i think thats the reason i stopped. If i dont like a player character it tends to put me off the game, this happened with GTA IV and TLAD expansion, i just gave up on it. Otherwise id highly recommend this as a single player game to people who like WYSIWYG games. If you like modding or cheats, like i do once ive completed a game then id be guarded about buying this unless you intend to outright disregard the multiplayer or are a capable hacker as there is the possibility you may get banned.Which then neatly brings me to GTA Online and the online version of the game. So for the most part its pretty good. Grab a team of 3 friends, train and do the heists and its a lot of fun. Thanks to the continuous addition of expansions you can now own a fair amount of property and a lot of cool stuff if you can get the money in. I also feel to some extent that its a credit to rockstar that they have actually bothered to continue adding content to this game as long as they have where other developers have offered to do this and then given up after a year of limited additions. Of course, this does come at a price in GTA Online. With the exception of Heists nearly everything expansion wise is disabled in anything other than public matches, probably so you cant farm them with your crew without others being able to challenge you. But as someone who enjoys playing Solo or with a group of friends this is nearly damming, since it only takes one hacker or griefer to ruin a server, yes this is how GTA has always worked, but its also why ive never wanted to get involved in that part of it. If you have no friends youre pretty much limited to the low paying jobs 20k at best unless youre lucky enough to stick with a team throughout a whole heist that you can get along with. All the other high paying jobs are pretty much locked away in public multiplayer. Items from the latest expansions are often 5 to 20m credits depending on whether its a new car, boat or core feature of the expansion but put this into perspective. If you are the average person, you wont know how to cheat, you probably wont have a huge gang of friends to play with and youre probably not going to be top of the leader boards. So, if you want anything remotely quickly they expect you to buy shark cards 3.5m credits are around 30. If you want to play this casually and build up slowly or youre happy to sink money into this then id argue its a great game. Same if youre okay fighting off griefers, swapping server whenever theres a hacker or otherwise generally just want to mess around with people who want to do the same to you.As for graphics, i honestly would still consider them pretty awesome. When, a year and a half ago i bought 2 980Ti to SLI, i was amazed to see that at upper graphics, you can get building reflections on the inside of your cockpit or star reflections. all things i had never seen with my 780. Now whether theyve further improved it as part of patches for the 1080 i have no idea but this at least impressed me.My concern with the latest negative reviews at the time of writing this review, is while to be best of my knowledge i havnt had any money taken away from me, if they ARE modifying peoples wallets based on potential hacking, then while some may be saying well dont cheat i dont think some people consider just how hackers may decide to grief players. and if theyre offering in game money for real money, then they need to be VERY careful how they apply this rule to players who have paid additional money into the multiplayer.In conclusion, Detach SP from MP so that cheaters can cheat offline if they want. Mods in single player should never be a problem, no matter the attitude of the developers over IP, most of the developers i know now started life modding games.Stop forcing me back into public multiplayer if i drop out of a private MP match it takes longer to load and party find for something im going to quit anyway.And if you like GTA and havnt at least tried the single player then by all means buy this game, preferably on sale because it feels near criminal that the price has barely dropped since launch yet they have a perfectly good micro transactions system. And the multiplayer is worth at least taking a look at to decide whether or not its for you. 