I will start out by saying there have been times I have enjoyed GTA5 but sadly that has all been tainted by a recent ban and recent from the online section with no reason given but I can only assume from having been in a game with hackers who dropped cash on me. Im not usualy the type to go in for these negative review waves but this was the straw that broke this camels back and since I have some spare time now, I will break down main the issues I have with GTA51. If your game has hackers in it, why not fix it rather than simply banning everyone who comes into contact with them.seriously, why is there a 40k item in the game with seemingly no legitimate reason for its presence?2. The recent single player mod bans by T2 even if Rockstar did talk them out of this, we dont know what really went down3. The loading times  I really wont miss these. Not just the initial load times but the amount of time spent waiting between matches in playlists.4. The number of disconnects  hardly a session went by without being disconnected from playlists or mid game to be faced with another long loading screen or more often than not face a loading screen that hung indefinitely.5. The apparent greed in the pricing of online content. Yes, in theory all content online can be gained freely through a process of grinding but for someone who doesnt have hundreds of hours to sink into a game, much of the content was locked to me unless I succumbed to the evil that is6. The Cash Cards  I will start by saying that I can understant the principle of having cash cards  they help fund further development and can provide a way to avoid the grind for those whose time is worth more than their money. However the pricing is excessive. Lets take the example of the super yacht  a base price of 6M, to buy this with cash cards the cheapest option would be the 8M card. With the current sale that would be a cost of 36 in real cash, MORE than the base cost of the game! Outside of the sale we would be looking at a cost of 60, more expensive than the release price of a brand new AAA title on steam  for a virtual yacht with no significant gameplay value. Even in a less extreme case a good car with mods would set you back 12 in terms of real money. The recent gun running update added some fun new toys that could set you back over 100 to buy unless you can devote hundreds of hours to grinding. No wonder T2 and R are so touchy about hacked cash.As the official description notes Cash is king in this townI have more, smaller issues with the game but in all honesty I might one day play a few rounds in the future. But my quest for virtual content is ended. I will devote no more time to accruing virtual currency and I will never buy a cash card this is perhaps the main reason why T2 and R wont give a damn about this but for me their reputation will forever more be sullied.