I have severe buyers remorse for purchasing this game on the PC. I own it on the PS3, and the only reason for buying the PC version was for the mods. Take2, in a stunningly greedy, avaricious, and transparent attempt to sell more Shark Cards, and turn GTA into a Freemium game that you have to still purchase at full retail price, has officially pulled the rug out from under the modding community, and sucked the fun out of the Single Player experience.Someone needs to explain to the Housers, that you cant doubledip. When you sell a game for full retail price, you should provide that game, in its entirety, with perhaps some nominally priced DLC.However, if your intent is to basically tap the Freemium market, like most mobile games, and make your killing that way, then it is encumbent upon you to make your game Free to Play and add in all the freemium content you please, to bilk your customers the way that Take2 is doing with GTAO bucks, or Shark Cards.It needs to be explained to the Housers that you cant have it both ways.That said, as a person who already owned the game on the PS3 since launch, a major selling point for me buying the game a second time was the mods. Honestly, if all I wanted was the vanilla game, why would I shell out another 59.99USD for the PC version?Inherently, console games are smoother, run with much less issues, tweaking, and compatibility problems, and do not force you into having a particular GPU in order to run it. But that is getting away from the topic of this review.The reality is that when you try to strongarm your customer base, as Take2 is doing by their despicable Caease and Decist order to the creators of OpenIV, what you have effectively done is cancelled out the benefit of the PC version over the console.Rockstar/Take2, if you really insist on making GTA a freemium game, modeled after all those mobile apps by companies like Gameloft, then fine. Stop selling the game. Make it Free to Download and Free to Play just as Gameloft, Kiloo, and a plethora of other Freemium devs do. But stop doubledipping and ripping your customers off.Some of us DO NOT play GTA in order to be bilked by Freemiumthuggery. We expect to pay a full price for a game, and in the case of PC GTA, we expect to be able to mod the game. If you want to increase Shark Card sales, then make the game Freemium and be done with it.Idiots! 