Having not played this game since about a year after release, I was pleased to see after many years there is an insane amount of new online content in this game. I love the heist options, and the ease of joining them. If you read any other reviews you know the main issue with GTA Online play MODDERS. Its almost a gaurantee that any lobby you enter has at least one modder, the issue being if that modder is aor not. Overall I would recommend this game. Please read on for my more detailed review.ProsIf you have a high end PC, the graphics on this game are absolutely beautiful. Simply amazing if youre up in a chopper and you can see the entire city.Single Player At this point, you know when this game came out it was one of the best campaigns ever created, that still reigns true. Not much to say about this, as ill be focusing on the changing GTA Online play.Online Aspects Run by a system of RP basically EXP and money.Heist play IMO the most fun. You can earn some good money doing the setups and even more money on the heist finale. Doing the quick play option from a high end apartments heist board will allow you to finish several of these every hour.Home/Bunker/Facility/Bank These buildings that you purchase control how you do most things online. Your home is used to start heist missions, and somewhere for you to spawn. The Bunker allows you to run a business as long as you are a CEO/Club MC/VIP. This business will earn you money over time, that you collect by delivering weapon caches. Moreover, the men at work in your bunker will research weapon/vehicle upgrades and modifications, as long as they have the supplies to do so. These supplies are replenished by doing missions for the bunker that dont earn , just supplies. If the supplies deplete, research will cease. This adds a fun element to GTA Online, that seems like you actually control your life, and have things to worry about. A type of micromanaging that I enjoy.The Facility is the newest addition to GTA Online. It allows you to play the newest Heist, The Doomsday Heist. A three act heist that is the most fun of all six IMO.The Bank is the cheapest option for you to become a CEO. Being a CEO allows you access to the laptop in your bunker so you can resupply and sell your weapons cache. At first, I didnt enjoy spending 1,000,000 GTA dollars on the bank, then another 1,500,000 on the Bunker, just to get my business up and running, but thats the price you pay. Being a CEO also allows you to hire associates friends to help you do resupply missions, delivering of weapons cache, and several CEO exclusive missions to earn RP  money.Earning RP will allow your level to rise, and give you access to new weapons, vehicles, and much better vehicle customizations. Overall this game has a ton to offer for online play. Playing with friends increases the fun 10 fold.ConsIf you are playing alone, it can be difficult to navigate through heist setups and other objectives where team work is key. Even having one friend with you makes everything much easier. It seems that half the setups I get in to people dont speak english, which can be especially difficult for heist finales. Mic/coms are RARELY used in PUGs.Even worse than that, and above all else, is the failure for R to address the modding community. With the download of an app, it is easy for most to enter GTA Online with inifite money and access to everything you could imagine. It is very hard to express the rage that is induced by you almost finishing a gun run worth 500,000, that took you a week of supplies to save up, only to have a modder teleport to you and destroy you with 15 rockets in 4 seconds. As I mentioned earlier, this doesnt effect me too much, as I mostly do heist setups/finales. Most modders tend to stay away from those, and just ruin the fun of people in public lobbies.As everyone knows in 2018, a ton of companies are doing microtransactions, and R takes advantage. This is never something I partake in, especially when a game that came out 6 years ago STILL costs 60 except twice a year when its half off. For 20 US you get 1,250,000 GTA dollars. If you do several setups and a heist finale or two you can earn that money. Is 24 hours of GTA online gameplay worth 20? I guess thats up to you.Loading Another issue with GTA Online. I do believe my high end PC and fiber optic internet connection help me have less issues than most, but still several times a week you will have to force close GTA because youre stuck staring at the city from above for 5 minutes. I have found if its taking longer you can hit AltF4, then push ESC to go back to the game, sometimes this forces you to load back in to a CLOSED non public server. Another tip When turning on GTA always load single player mode first, then load the online from the menu. I always select CLOSED FRIEND SESSION to get on faster. Also the rare auto kick while entering a setup/mission. It will say The host has left the game when really it just booted them for no reason.Another annoyance that most agree with As soon as you enter Online mode or even return to a lobby from doing a mission/setup you are bombarded with phone calls and tool tips about purchasing all types of buildings. I dont even want to own a heli/plane since you can only use them in the lobby not setups, and only on select missions, but I still get the same ing call from Ron HEEEEYYYYYY ITS RONNNNNNNN, telling me to buy a hanger to store a plane. This will happen with a facilites AND bunkers. So when youre just starting off be ready for 3 callstool tips until you purchase these buildings.OverallIf you can get past the annoyances and the modders, you can have a ton of fun with GTA. It still contains all the things you love like jumping cars off cliffs, jet skis, parachuting, blowingup, and following the flow of traffic in your supercar for no reason. I still RECOMMEND this game, but add it to your wishlist and grab it on sale.8/10 