What are Rockstar spending all the GTA online money on? Who knows at this point, cause it sure as heck isnt this game.Alright, Ill start with the good, the singleplayer is great and really fun, and you will get around 40 hours out of it thats around what I got anyway. Its interesting, fun side missions, story is good, a fun time. But once its done theres not much left to do, which leaves alot to be desired. It really leaves you wanting more. Which sucks because there never will be more, yes you heard right. There will never be single player dlc for GTA V. Sucks right? It defiantely does.Now the bad, multiplayer is in all honesty a scam. If you want to buy pretty much anything you have to spend around 68 hours playing multiplayer a day or buy shark cards with real moneythe scam. Everything is so overly priced and inassecible that you have to pick on of those two paths. Some of the modes are fun dont get me wrong, the races being the high point. Yet the experience as a whole is wieghed down by all these things that you could have but know youll have to sink alot of you time or money into in order to get. All these expansions to multiplayer are nice, yet there not that huge. They would also be even better if they were more modestly priced. The whole thing just looks and feels like a scam to me, bought 50 dollars worth of shark cards? Congrats on your one new car you can buy. Theres also the threat of hackers, I have never seen one myself but it seems alot of people get falsely banned just for being in the same lobby as a hacker which isnt cool. The multiplayer just dosent lack any depth and will feel cool at first but will quickly wear off in a couple hours after you realize what a poor shell it is.Add to that the whole mods turmoil that happenedI could go into the details but this review would be a book if I did, you can easily find lots of info about it on the web though and the game just feels like it didnt age well at all, and it leaves a very sour taste in your mouth. Oh and its still full price for some reason. With all of that I simply cannot recommend the game. Wait until it goes on sale for half off or so or if the price ever goes down, as the singleplayer is the only saving grace but is not worth the pricetag for a full price new game. The game did just not age well and did not have good developer choices and that is its downfall. 