This game is a peice of Rockstar wants to call it a fair playing ground when you get into a game and people have 200 levels on someone and ing destroy them, but hacking your level and money up to afford vehicles and weapons to do something worth aautomatically makes the game unfair. These ers allowed account transfers from consoles to pc, which meant when you bought the game on pc back when it was first released after being delayed 50 times and on the first minute it was out the first patch wouldnt even work, once you finally got into a lobby THERE WERE PEOPLE WITH LEVEL 150  200 WHO HAD ALL THETO KICK YOURBUT YOU DIDNT HAVE ANYTHING CAUSE YOURE NOT A ING CONSOLE peasent who bought the game on ps3 or xbox.How the  are you going to say that is fair when people cant even ing do anything about it.On top of all thatguess what, FREE DLCs!Yeah sure.. Free meaning the actual content doesnt have to be paid for but it isnt easy getting the money together to get any of it, oh no, you have to grind youroff if you want to afford anything worth afrom the dlcs, and shark cards which basically means its not free because you can ing pay to win this peice ofgame although the 100 shark cards arent really worth a whole lot of in game money.ers make theintentionally hard to get, to intice you into buying shark cards. Thats not free. Thats ing stupid.I want my hacked level and hacked money back because you know what? I got banned for my time as a hacker and then stopped. I decided it wasnt worth it, but now after two years of playing this peice ofgame on pc theyve finally decided to fix my rank and take away all the money I had. AFTER TWO YEARS OF IT BEING THE WAY IT WAS.Either give me myback or refund me the game completely because this peice ofgame isnt even worth 60.All rockstar wants is your ing money.When I first started I was disadvantaged because I was level 1 in a lobby full of level 100s and up, because they moved theirfrom console, but then they want to tell me IM disadvantaging THEM. Okay. Eatrockstar.Oh and to top it off, they bleep curse words in chat online, including the word Rockstar.In an M rated game.Perfect ing logic right there. 