Im not going to talk about the singleplayer in this review, its not needed. To put it bluntly if thats all your interested in then go ahead and buy it, I will assure you it will be a purchase well made.My review is based off the online gameplay section, that many will be looking at for their long term entertainment once they are done with the single player.SighWhere the hell do I begin...It was not all bad. Back before even the heists is when GTA Online shined the most. It was a far more fun game to play. Sure people still killed each other as much as they do now, but back then you had nothing they didnt have, it was a far more even playing ground. Now... Its a different story.Armed vehicles have taken the streets and have really turned the city and coutryside into the real life version of Iraq. Updates bringing in jets, helicopters, cars, boats and even bikes that are all armed to the freakin teeth with enough weapons to make the USA blush have turned the game into a free for all mess.You have no hope of surviving if your new. You will be blown up for trying to drive your modest car out of your garage. You will be gunned down repeatedly if you even think of trying to do one of the online only missions for some cash. You will be targeted for trying to do ANYTHING of any worth in the game..Now your probably thinking Yeah that happened back then as well.. And you would be right. Difference is back then you could fight back, even if you were a noob and just starting out. Now... How do you fight back against bulletproof vehicles that standard weapons cant do bugger all against, or vehicles that can take multiple rockets. How do you counter a flying bike that can missile you from the sky without you even knowing it was there before it was too late. How do you counter a freaking space cannon that can shoot anywhere on the damn map and destroy anything in 1 hit.This is not exclusive to vehicles either, even weapons have had their dials turned up to 11. Snipers can now be equipped with explosive rounds, able to destroy vehicles in 1 shot. Just to give an example...So how do you fight back?The answer to that is acquire that gear as well...Ok... be prepared for the absolute  loads of grinding you will need to do to get said gear. With vehicles costing in the millions, and warehouses, bunkers, CEO buildings, hangers etc needed on top of that for even more money, prepare to sink some serious hours into the game if you hope to get anywhere. Each update adds new vehicles, each more expensive than the last...Of course you could bypass that as well, that is why Sharkcards are a thing in this game. For an outrageous, real money, price you could bypass all the grind in the game and start your way to becoming another one of the problems for everyone else in the lobby, but hey as long as your enjoying yourself..right?Thats what Rockstar and TakeTwo interactive want you do to. Thats why the game is how it is. Thats why everything is so damn expensive, and the ways to get money are so long and boring and overall not worth the time investment. They want you to buy those overpriced cards... again... and again... and again...Back then it was not an issue, you didnt need money really. Everything was reasonably priced and could be acquired through steady gameplay. You never felt the grind hitting you as hard... Now the phrase money is power is too true.I have gone on quite a bit about one topic, but there are other issues as well other than the hugely unbalanced gameplayHacking is rampant  Literally every lobby you are in. Cheaters spawning themselves in money, or dropping it on some innocent player, putting them at risk of being out right banned for having false money on their accounts. Teleporting players all over the map, blowing up their cars and shipments. Crashing the server all together... Need I go on?P2P can result in horrible load times and poor performance. I can not forgive this one, Rockstar has enough damn money to host dedicated servers. It would improve the experience by miles, and may help deal with the hacking problem as well.Cancerous community. Every game has this to some degree so I wont comment any further on it, just felt like it should be mentioned anyway.Crashes and bugs. Some have been around for a long time, still left unfixed to this day.I wont say anymore. If you think this is your type of game then go right ahead, I wont think any less of you. All I ask is you think about it before purchasing...