First of all... GTA5 is an absolutely brilliant game and if you care nothing about your own personal security, integrity, value as a human individual and consumer... then I can recommend GTA5 to you.TLDR version We cant allow companies to have legal authority over what we got on our own personal computers and accepting a behaviour like this not only allows it but also promotes it all in the name of making more money.Extensive version To everyone else who cares more than to allow greedy companies to step over you... do not EVER buy any, ANY Take Two interactive game ever again until they have come out with a formal apology AND have gone back on the Cease and Desist I dont even know if thats possible to do but never the less a requirement to allow extensive singleplayer modding back into the game again.Heres whyThat OpenIV got taken down is not the biggest deal in the world all things considered, you can still mod your game but the mods that used that cant be used anymore and will have to use other tools instead. More of a hassle but in the grand scheme of things... this is not the big deal.This is...If Take Twos way to make their own content more popular than that of other peoples content that is 100 within the realms of legal proceedings to modify your own VERSION of the game... if thats being targeted as an illegal action, that demonstrates just how far they are willing to prevent additional content being developed that doesnt push a moneymaking machine down peoples throats.What if lets say a multiplayer only vehicle gets introduced to the game that is not available in the singleplayer and the only way to get it in the multiplayer is through a repetition of actions thats designed to be as drawn out as possible ... that is subject to unfair treatment of a consumer as nothing else but cashforgrab essentially.Lets say another area gets introduced or another set of modes or whatever gets introduced to the online game. Take Two is perfectly within reason both able and legally correct to take down anyone who messes with a product thats for sale in the game if it is made... It isnt within their legal right to ban what we got on our computers tho  thats where they fall short.Let me put this another way then...Lets say you buy a product thats accessable online. With this product you receive a launcher. In order to get access to the online product you need to pay a set fee after booting up the launcher.ALL of this you have agreed on so everyones fair and everyones happy.However... an update comes along and changes, without your permission, the launcher on your computer  not the getting to the online program that you agreed to pay for. So now you need to pay whenever you boot up your computer because the launcher you got on your computer would be technically be for the company who handles the ONLINE aspect...This may look muddy but this is essentially what it is Take Two has every right to protect their own products that they sell  no sane person argues against that. You can argue that they sell it at a fair price or not, thats not the point... the point is that when Take Two does NOT sell a product that they have made available, they cant change that. They cant be in charge over what we got on OUR computers PHYSICALLY over something that we otherwise have to intentionally log onto THEIR servers to access THEIR PHYSICAL information.It is within their legal reason but the problem is that if we simply allow this to go on, the absurd example I stated where a company all of a sudden have legal authority over what we got ON OUR OWN PERSONAL COMPUTERS ... thats far more feasible as a direct result. It is an extreme case yes but this is where we are heading if we allow Take Two to continue like this or any other company for that matter!Update Yay, they did stuff with OpenIV huzzah now to take down the negative reviews... right? no.Heres why one should STILL state that the game cannot under any circumstance, including that of Take Twos other products or hell even Rockstars for that matters...They have only stated They are working with OpenIV... how are they working with it? Yah, it works. Wonderful, everythings happy amirite?They stated Mods that does not infringe on copyright claims thats oddly specific dont you think? I mean, theoretically if one bought GTA 5 and updates came to the Online section but not singleplayer section and it was INTENTIONALLY unavailable to the singleplayer section, and the only way to get to it...Is that gonna be a way they will use this particular line? How about the number of mods that have names like Force mod, can you have Force Powers in the game just because its called Force? How about you make a cardgame in the singleplayer section and you name it something with Scrolls in it?Point is... they havent fixed jack they have given out a statement thats designed to damagecontrol their  up. It is NOW one HAS TO hold em by their throats or else more t will occur.