The SP of the game is amazing, with a captivating story line and Sidemissions that arent annoying find 100 bird feathers on place nobody goes to.The characters are interesting to play with/as, while the antagonists really make you want to get rid of them.Compared to previous game, NPCs are now a real threat and challenge, spicing things up.Except for some small bugs, the SP is a masterpiece.However, I cant say the same for GTA Online. While it does feature some interesting heists, missions and gameplay, the grindfest it is ruins everything. I can understand, to a certain extent, having a certain microtransaction system for a Game that receive free updates, but Rockstar has done so that getting a good majority of any special content of an update New buildings, special weaponized vehicles, etc... Cost around 30,000,000 per updates.Thats 281.25 of Sharkcards per update. You would think they would add more ways of making money. But to reach just 1,000,000, heres your solutionsFarm and Refarm missions rewarding you around 25,000 for a mission that can take up to 20 minutes to complete. Thats up to 800 minutes of gameplay, or 13 hours.Youd say Seems fair, you have to earn it? But remember, rich people can just buy a  of shark cards Accurate name seeing how theyre sharking us, buy special vehicles that can oneshot anything and transform these 13 hours into an endless loop of pain and frustration.Grindfest apart, even Blizzard and Valve together manage to make more proper balancing to something than Rockstar can. If youre planning to buy a giant military plane to show off, youre better off buying yourself a goldenas a small flying bike can fire more rockets in a minute than all of historys rockets artilleries have fired throughout the ages.The balance choice doesnt make sense. A ing car with 2/3 metal sheets on its side can withstand more directhit rockets than an actual tank can.So in a TLDRSP is good, Online is only good with friends for heist. Youre better off wearing an underwear made of sandpaper if youre thinking of enjoying the GTAO experience 