Im not really a gamer who plays with mods, so if you dont want to mod then this is the review for you.Let me start off by saying that the single player story was absolutely marvelous. The gameplay while slightly repetitive was still an absolute blast the first time through.Now you have finished storymode, so you decided to switch to the other side of the coin... multiplayer. You enter the game, and finish the tutorial and now you are well on your way to achieving the overall goal, which is to have lots of in game money. As you play more and more you realize you arent quite as well on your way as you thought. You quickly realize that lots of money is needed to get anything that even gives you a chance in survival... which brings me to the biggest issue the multiplayer side has... the ways to get moneyMicro transactions arent always a bad thing, especially if it is a free to play game. I mean, the developers need to make money some how, but why in gods name would you need such ridiculously priced micro transactions for a game that literally costs 60 dollars to play. To put this in perspective, if you are crazy enough to pay 100 on top of the 60 you payed to even have the ability to play this game, you will get 8 million cash in game. You decide to buy a nice car, an office, a warehouse to use as a CEO of your office and an apartment with a decently sized garage. You just blasted through over HALF of the money you bought, which doesnt sound so bad until you remember that you paid 100 dollars for that moneyWho needs to buy money? Ill just earn it legit you might be thinking to yourself. Well have no fear! You can do that too! Just play the same missions over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over again... until finally after all those countless hours spent grinding and grinding you can buy an office so that you can make money easier. You bought your office and register as a CEO and you are ready to get to work! Lol jk, you need a warehouse. Enjoy more grinding.TLDR the single player is fun until you complete story mode and then it gets boring. Multiplayer is just a big cash grab in a game that is expensive enough already.This game has potential, but until that potential is reached it is going to be a No from me 