This review is specifically for GTA O. Online punishes the player solely for playing. Either a player is punished by being forced to grind continuously for money or by buying a shark card. Fun and convience to the player are sacrificed to convince people to break down and spend real money. The best legitimate way to make money in game without glitches will grant you about 2.2 Million every 810 hours of play time depending on how effecient you are. You can definitely make more than that if you try, but that seems to be about the average when doing warehouses. WIth that 2.2 Mill a player could afford to buy something on the cheap end. You could buy a good car or apartment/office with it, but it will always cost you more money to upgrade your car, office, etc. than the original price. The other option is to buy a shark card and spend 80 in real money for 8 Mill. Thats more than it is to actually buy the game, and even more so considering theres no reason anyone should buy this game at full price 34 years later. That 8 million could afford you a new Gunrunning bunker, MOC, plus a couple of the newer vehicles, not including all the upgrades.Theres nothing wrong with games that are focused on grinding. People play them because the grinding seems worth the value to them. However, this just isnt the case with GTA O and should never be for any GTA game. Online seems like a great idea because online multiplayer is just how most friends are able play together these days. I just want to go into Los Santos and do hood rat stuff with my friends. Instead, players are punished for doing anything that is outside of grinding. If you want to call a jet then it will cost you money. If you want to shoot down a jet then it will cost you a lot money in ammo. If you want to blow up a car whos been driving around camping you then it will cost you money to fix it. The more appartments/offices you buy, the higher the daily fee and more money it will cost you. Having fun in this game is meant to drain your resources and make you go back to grinding.For a game that has continuously had updates after almost four years, its dissapointing to see such a step back in progress for the GTA series. The lack of any extra content for singleplayer GTA V, the most recent stance and ban on modding, and the fact that GTA Os purpose is to push microtransactions has really destroyed what I originally considered to be a pretty fun game in a great series. 