By far the most broken game Ive ever played from a AAA title company. Rock Star cares so little about its players, it does not even take the time to fix previous mistakes. They only shovel more garbage into the game that very little people care about all in an attempt to get you to buy more shark cards, the rules of the game doesnt  make sense, the new features do not match the old features, and the way they have treated GTA online makes GTA feel like a fragmented pile of SThe first paragraph was written in a fit of rage after GTAs latest crash on my system, after Ive cooled down, I can further go into what is wrong with this game.I havent change anything from the first paragraph, i still feel the same way about GTA, mostly GTA Online, GTA V single player is by far the best open world experience any game has ever offered and 4 years after release, this game still wows me like no other open world game could. But GTA online, which is where i spend 99 of my time, is terrible and getting worse. The level of unfairness is far beyond what anyone would tolerate for any video game, and there are so many aspects of the game that are just broken, from transaction failures after a MC or Bunker sell, to business raids happening just as you walk out of the business, to modders force injecting money into your account to get you banned. But the in game 48 minute billing system always works. so you get charged 30K plus for running your business but GTA online makes every attempt possible to make sure you do not make any money.And if in game mechanics were not enough, the game on my system has a tendency to crash often, and i mean often, like there are days in which i cannot play the game for more than 30 minutes without the game crashing, and there are days in which i can play all day without the game crashing. now that might sound funny to you, because at first it sounds like there is a problem with my computer but after talking to Rockstar tech support for over a month trying to fix the problem, going as far as to reinstalling windows and ONLY GTA V just to play the game, the game continued to crash. At this point i just expect it to happen, ive grown use to the game crashing at random times for no reason. further research into the matter points to GTA cloud based servers being the route of the problem but its still frustration that i am basically playing a broken game that Rockstar doesnt want to admit is broken and would rather blame it on my system.There is a lot more small problems with the game, like how everything is nothing but a grind to get more money to by the next thing and if you dont make money you wont get anywhere in GTA online, that really annoy me but then i would be writing a book.TLDR the first paragraph pretty much covers it.