SHARK CARDSEDIT OK, I wrote the above review when I was really tired thinking nobody would ever see it and I found it funny at the time. However, upon people actually seeing it and criticizing a negative review of the game overall for the sole reason of shark cards, let me provide a comprehensive review of how I feel about GTA V.  Skip to the end for a summary, otherwise the review will be split into an introduction, and three main sections detailing each issue I have with the state of this game.Intro GTA V is a good single player game. There is plenty of things to do, an engaging campaign, and a massive world to explore. My issues with this game come with GTA online. First of all, in my experience, it is very hard to have fun in GTA online unless you or a friend of yours has a significant amount of ingame money. Sure, there are heists that you can do with your friends, and fun activities in the forms of online lobby tasks, but this becomes bland and repetitive very quickly, more on that later. To get money, people have taken to hacking, and these hackers now populate online lobbies often. The other way of getting money is the purchase of shark cards, with your money. This microtransaction method has always bothered me to an extent, but more so recently.The nature of GTA online is by nature very cutthroat. The game incentivizes you to sabotage other people, which already promotes a toxic community atmosphere. The people that are trying to make money legitimately through CEO work, Biker Gang businesses, etc. rather than hacking will often be terrorized by people in the lobby with far superior gear and vehicles. This toxicity in online lobbies has become the norm sure, from time to time, there will be people that leave you alone but more often there will be people that kill you for no reason. And this isnt the worst part of the people in online lobbies.HACKERS. I havent played GTA online over the last month, but before that and presumably still now, there were hackers everywhere. In half the online lobbies that I joined, there was at least one blatant hacker there. Some hackers will just spawn money for them and their friends a practice that is still unethical and wrong, since it is stealing Rockstars shark card revenue, which does not affect any other players directly. Others, however, will take pleasure in blowing up everyone in the lobby, their vehicles, and ruining any opportunity for fun. The hackers were one of the main things that drove me away from GTA online why even play if there are people running around committed to ruining your fun?This brings me to my final and largest issue the ingame money situation and the optional microtransactions. Everything in the latest DLC additions is ridiculously expensive take for example the facilities in the new Doomsday Heist DLC. The cheapest configuration costs 1.67 million and the most expensive is 5.74 million. If you were to buy these with shark cards alone, as Im sure many have, it totals from 30 to 80 of real money. For an ingame bunker that is only one small part of the DLC additions. Some of the cars can cost 40, some of the warstock vehicles up to 90. With or without friends to play with, getting this money without the use of hacks or shark cards is extremely repetitive and relatively slow, and gets boring very quickly. This is my largest issue with the state of this games online. Without guns or vehicles, it is very slow to make money, and in my experience, it is very hard to have fun without a vehicle in GTA V online. The only way to get these quickly without using hacks is to spend large amounts of money on shark cards, which always has bothered me. It bothers me more as of late because of how expensive the DLC has become, it seems next to impossible to get any of it without the use of shark cards.In conclusion, the state of GTA online is not a positive one. If you are buying GTA V for the single player, go right ahead maybe wait for a sale, but that is up to you. But if you are buying GTA for the online? Dont.Thanks for reading my review 