This is the game that could have been and itll always remain like that until R and/or Taken decide to open up custom servers. Until then, the game will be limited by the poor choices the dev and publisher made.What I liked Optimized game. , this game runs smoothly on a 4y/o PC Phenom 2 x6, 8GB RAM, R9 270X when this game released for PC and it ran above 40FPS. Lots of things to do with friends. Just whatch N Bs videos in YouTube to get a glimpse of that. The editor. You can now make your own machinima! The story. Its amazing, its deep and gets to you in a deep level and takes you on a long trip. The added features. The weapon roundel/selector tool, the first person view, these really change how the gameplay flows.What I didnt like GTA ONLINE The grindfest. The online mode is fun the first few times you try the same missions, but when you really want to get something new like a car, a condo, etc the missions become repetitive because they deliver so little money each time, youll have to repeat them 8 times to get something good.GTA ONLINE you stole it... But not quite. Luxury cars you stole you dont get to keep them, their excuse a fair one is that they have a tracking device and thats why you cant own it unless you purchase it. Which brings you back to previous point.SHARKCARDS the greed. So if you dont want to spend days or weeks grinding for that awesome sports car or condo, you have the choice to spend real money to get it faster. Its not my thing, but be my guest.Aggresive citizens. Remember how in GTA IV the citizens didnt start a gift just for looking at them? How cars stopped when you were in the middle of the road? This is LS baby, Lossantonios have no time for your bullpoop. Also, cops shoot you if you stay near them long enough.Non enterable buildings. Its 2017 I know it was released earlier and seriously... We cant have enterable buildings on free roam mode?! GTA IV HAD THEM!!! Cmon R!GTA ONLINE THE PARTY POOPERS. You want to rule your own server? For some reason you want to challenge your friends in a chicken race? You want to shoot cars out of your gun? Too bad, R doesnt like any of that. No private/rental servers, No mods, no workshop, only the poop they want you to have.So yeah, for those and many more reasons, GTA V will remain as the game that it could be. Think of the GTA version of PokemonGO. My tip buy it on sale and play the story, its still worth it.