To start I do enjoy the GTA Online aspect of the game vastly, I come back to it every few months, it can be really fun with friends, and if you find a friendly lobby you can have a great time! But IF is the key word here.To continue, GTA Online has one of the most toxic communities Ive ever seen. For every friendly person in a lobby, theres four others in black combat gear cruising around in an armored vehicle killing everyone, someone blasting people off the face of the map with a jet, or someone just straight up hacking and ruining the entire session. And yes, as of late, the developers have taken a step to cut down on the sheer number of hackers, while also punishing normal, legitimate players in the same way, many of whom have spent insane amounts of money on their obscenely priced Shark Cards.But theres plenty of other reviews here to explain just why thats so terrible. Im here to accent that. As I said before, the community for GTA Online is cripplingly toxic, with groups of people regularly pushing through sessions as griefers whose express goal is to make everyone in the session rage quit and move to another session. Rinse, repeat.With recent updates the game has gotten a fairly large number of increasingly more powerful weapons and vehicles, which is awesome until you realize the average cost for one of those is insane, and the grind to get to those vehicles, properties, and weapons is equally as insane. The grind is also compounded by that griefer problem, most of the grind hinges on you gathering up various sellable goods to get a payoff. Sounds easy! Right? Not really, you could spend a good four hours of your day dedicated to gathering up your goods and such, have a full gang of five friends who are interacting and talking in a separate voice chat, and all that work you did just got deleted by a guy in black combat gear with a jet. Oh well! Maybe you shouldve bought shark cards instead!So why dont you just play in a friends only session? You can! Buuut you wont be able to do the main grind things, no owning a biker club, no owning a business, no secret bunkers full of guns and firepower. So why dont you just play the game in passive mode? The mode that makes it so players cant just fly over and nuke you? Well you can do that too! But you cant own a biker club, business, etc, etc. So good luck gaining that 25 million dollars you need. Because itll either cost you a good chunk of your life, or a good chunk of your wallet.Dont get me wrong, the game is fun and its great if you manage to get up with that grind through either a chunk of your life or a chunk of your wallet. Its a great playground for weird and funny stuff to happen, you could have a car show and have that one guy show up with a truck covered in bombs, then have to fend off the police for an hour among the burning husks of your car, while goofing around with the other guys. Thats actually fun! Its a great game if you have the money and mental strength to play it.So, if you can put up with having your hard earned money deleted be it just in game or actual money you spent on cards, deal with vast amounts of grief, withstand the grind, get to the top, and push through that painfully toxic community, youll have fun! Personally, I can only play for a few hours for maybe a week every few months before the community wears me down, and the shine of the latest update fades away under that blanket of grinding that might not even pay off in the end. So good luck! Dont get too rich, and dont expect a friendly community.Welcome to GTA Online! 