6.5/109/10 For singleplayer, 4/10 For multiplayerAfter almost 100hrs finally I decided to write this review. Singleplayer Storymode is almost perfect, interesting missions, three characters with different personality  you cant dislike them, its just impossible hours of play and I have still only 30 game finished. So, why is my rate so low? Answer is easy to know, GTA ONLINE Wait almost 5 mins to join the Server Everytime, after this create your character and start the Game as newbie. Farm a lot hours on minigames, who plays almost nobody for your first, becouse you need good car and house like others. Now should be easly right? Nah, was more harder than before, becouse you need more money for next products in this Game. Farmed 3mils and bought motorcycle club with methamphetamine factory for instant money farming After hours of production, wanna sell my holy products in Los Santos, which means I need 10 minutes to arrive there, but naturaly little kids with 8000lvs must destroy everything with his cheats teleported on my plane and blew up, but that Situation wasnt once or twice, that was in my every session...If you want buy this game with your friend for 30 to play only GTA ONLINE, then its not worth your money.In short versionI have Found a lot of bugs, which shouldnt have happened in game like GTA V, need too much time to login into the GTA Online or online Missions, becouse Rockstar Servers are on the fire sometimes I have waited up to 10 minutes, and my friend with gtx 1080 and i77600k have the same Problems, cheaters are everywhere, trust me EVERYWHERE. New cars and buildings costs so much money that players who want to buy something needs hours of farming solo or of course with huge friend group, only with huge group. Probaly you can cheat the Money, which is there not so stupid.Solo or duoplayers will find in GTA Online any friends to play  Everybody will try to kill you in every opportunity. This is funny becouse GTA SA with free multiplayer mod, was more refined in terms of wasted time. 