Before I give my critic of the game, make sure you buy the game on sale at no more than 20 and are prepared for one of the most Play to win/ have fun gaming experiences of your life. This sentance alone should sum up this review in a nut shell.If I was writing this review back in 2015, a few weeks after the inital release of Grand Theft Auto V during which I sadly stayed up all night unlocking the files for 2 hours, eagerly anticipating my much beloved game on the PC, this review would be praising rockstar for delivering one of the most engaging and simply fun openworld games to date. The game initally was a game where you and a few friends would spend literal weeks of your summer carrying out heists, racing, roleplaying, creating in game movies, deathmatching, grinding and simply enjoying the game for what it is, or should I say, was.However, after leaving the game for a while due to real life reponsibilities like education and a career, I came back to the game only to discover that it was infested with hackers. Not only was our once beloved open world game crawling with filthy money spawning, trolls, but Rockstar had decided that instead of delivering an amazing game with a steady flow of content for their fans, they would milk the absoluteout of microtransactions. What ensued was a flurry of new cars, golden jets, super yachts, clubhouses, cartels, businesses, all of which were clearly far too expensive to purchase with legitimite in game currency earned with blood and sweat through hours of endless heists, races and game modes. These computer generated bonuses were inscentivising users to throw their hard earned cash at Rockstar for in game content. Well done, youve spent 79.99 on a ing computer generated yacht, which by the way doesnt do anything except shoot intruders with missles and allow your character to getof their head at the inside bar. That was really worth the 16 hours at your local McDonalds racking up fries.If microtransactions didnt take your fancy, then you turned to hacking, or seeking help from a hacker. They would spawn you in 10 million dollars in 10 minutes, completely destroying the game and defeating the point of everything. You would create your Yacht, stand on it and realise that now you had the much desired exclusive feature of GTA V, what was the ing point. You, in your need for glory, skipped hours of legitimate fun from heisting, to asking some kid in his pants at his computer, covered in dorito dust and mountain dew stains, for a freebie, which also makes your account look suspicious as as XxxBOSSMAN69xxX apparently has earned 200 million ingame dollars thorugh jobs, and is level 19. Using this illigitimate money was and is also tracable by Rockstar, as the majority of these dumb s decided to bank the 49 million dollars gifted to them by Hackers only to receive a week, month, lifetime ban during which their money is set to 0, and losing all legitimate cash they had, or even worse their entire accounts.You would either die an honest gamer or live long enough to see yourself become a hacker  OfficialHerst  2017 you Rockstar, you Hackers,R.I.P GTA V201515