When discussing about triple A title games such as the Call of Duty series, or even games like Assassins Creed, you tend to be straightforward with their prices. 60 dollars for a new game with additional dlc thats on the way. This is not the case with Grand Theft Auto Five, or some call it, GTA V.For 60 full dollars, you are getting a full copy of a game that was made in 2013. Now that is not necessarily a bad thing. The graphics, in my opinion, have held up well, and GTA Vs fun gameplay and story in single player makes the experience all the more enjoyable. Speaking of single player, the campaign is amazing. Each character is diverse and unique and overall very enjoyable. The core mechanic is the same as it always has been with the Grand Theft Auto series. You run around, shoot people, pull off big heists, and steal cars and upgrade them. Overall, the single player aspect of the game is one of the best campaigns I have seen in a triple A title to date.However, there are downsides and by downsides, I mean the Online aspect of the game. One thing that constantly gets on my nerves about this game are the micro transactions that you have to do if you want to get anything in GTA V Online. You can do the missions and the CEO work to get money, true. However, that does not run away from the fact that you have to grind hours of gameplay just to get that one sports car you have always wanted, and once you are halfway through grinding, those Shark Cards start to look pretty nice. I wish that Rockstar would one day increase the money you can get on jobs or missions in the future in order to make the player experience nicer to play. Aside from micro transactions however, I do like the Online multiplayer that GTA V has to offer though. You can play with your friends, kill each other, do CEO work, whatever you want. What more can you ask for?GTA V is in my opinion, an amazing game that is absolutely a blast to play. However, due to the stupid micro transactions that GTA Online offers, and Take Twos response to shut down OpenIV temporarily has bothered me about the future this game is headed. I believe that Rockstars parent company, Take Two is caring less about the consumers experience, and more about the money that is going into their wallets, and that is a sign of a company slowly descending into a practice of anti consumerism.I still think that GTA V is definately worth checking out, but I am giving this review a not recommended due to the anti consumer behavior that Rockstar and Take Two are currently showing. I do hope they change their way of business in the future, as I love Rockstars games, but I will leave with a thumbs down due to its current state. 