this game is ing dope. rockstar you ing awsome!Online is heavily prioritized. If you like games that make you pay more after the initial purchase this is a game for you.This Game Not Good For KIds Please Dont Buy For Your KidsOkay, so... this game is alright. Theres some ups and downs, and Ill be specific about them.Racing is tight, fun, and awesome. It can be competitive, it can be like a Mario Kart race. By far the best thing about this game.Deathmatches are fun. They too are well balanced and a blast to play.Riding around doing missions with friends is a hoot, but playing missions alone sucks.The campaign is fun the first time around, but theres no reason to return to it after you beat it.The idle is the real problem with the game. Just walking on the street when you get gunned down by some kid whos killing everyone. So you turn on Passive Mode. Now, not only can you not rob stores or fight back against cops if you hit something, but people can still blow up your car or run you over with theirs. And you cant shoot them back. It was an interesting idea, but it doesnt work too well. If youre not playing in a friend/crew only server, youll pay for it.Buying new weapons and vehicles varies, too. Some stuff is really, really cool and working for my Turismo R was a rewarding turnaround. Some stuff sucks to save for, though. Tanks and most air vehicles are crazy expensive and require a crazy amount of grinding  by which time theyve probably added another vehicle or gun that would be more worth paying for. I get that the 30s car is supposed to be a Luxury thing, but if its outperformed by a common street car and other players will just blow it up anyway, whats the point?The game is one of the best things to play with friends, and crewing up was actually a highlight of a life I would call rich in experience. But if you dont have any friends who own the game, youre going to suffer.do you want to kill yourself, but cant quite get up the nerve? Grand theft auto 5 will push you over that edge!9/10 