I wouldnt recommend it for GTA Online. But singleplayer is where the game shines and one might call it the greatest game of all time. The amount of detail in this game is simply incredible. The story is generic and predictable but still a lot of fun and the character writing is a benchmark in gaming in my opinion. Almost all characters deliver perfectly and their actors did an incredible job. Trevor might be one of the most interesting video game characters in recent years. The improvement over older GTA titles is apparent. There are 0 loading screens in the game singleplayer which makes you feel much more connected to the world than in previous games where each mission had a loading screen.The graphics and attention to detail are outstanding. The game has a level of polish and optimization I havent seen in any other game before. I reccomend watching a 5 part series on youtube called GTA V  Attention to Detail which illustrates a lot the smaller details most people dont notice or mention anywhere. Its like as if Rockstar really have thought about everything. Even tiny details nobody would have cared about like flip flop shoes actually do their flip flop. Different shows produce a different sound when walking. The amount of detail put into the game is unrivaled and it makes the world so believable.There isnt as much detail put into GTA Online though. Many things are missing due optimization to make the game run fluid in online. No animals in online, much less traffic and pedestrians, some scenery items in the world are completely missing as well, no random encounters and your online persona is basically a mute not producing a single sound, not even when falling or being hit. The rich and detailed world loses a lot of its flair in GTA Online, not just due to all the missing details, but also because of plenty of loading screens. Anytime you want to do missions or participate in races or whatever you are welcomed by a long loading screen. When the mission is finished you are welcomed by another long loading screen to connect you to an open world lobby. 