The singleplayer game is fairly good for a GTA game. Worth 3040 and your time, Id say. The world itself is fun to explore, and the typical GTA shenanigans are, as ever, a staple to laugh yourself silly with. The driving, fighting, and gunning are all satisfying.The singleplayer falls flat when it comes to the characters. They are all hateful spiteful human garbage. That wouldnt be so bad, but this game feels too over the top in terms of the humour. There are no sympathetic characters, there are no grounded interactions, and the entirety of the world itself is one giant sardonic orifice raining down diatribes of hate and sarcastic drivel on your head.In past games weve had anchors straightmen to help us realise the audacity of our characters, as well as the lunacy of some of our friends. But this game is missing any sense of the mundane in favour of the constantly ridiculous. This feels more like a Saints Row game than a GTA game.I still mostly enjoyed the singleplayer experience even if the game was trying to constantly cut me with its supposedly sharp socioeconomic and political minirants. I got tired of the writing and the characters, but I was still mostly interested to see their stories pan out. Thats the singleplayer.The online, or GTA Online, is a mess. The loads are ludicrous, even on a fast connection and the game installed on an SSD, and are a near constant issue with jobs/missions often requiring a load. If youre not waiting for your own game to load, then youre likely waiting for someone else to load into the mission. It feels like you spend more time waiting for things to happen, than you do making things happen. The online economy is a heavy grind. It would be considered a heavy grind in a free to play game. But its not a free to play game, it is a full price game that demands that you either play dozens of hours to achieve the tiniest of gains, or to pay real money for shark cards. Poorly named. They ought to be named whale cards.The game demands an extreme amount of grinding to achieve much of anything. Dozens of hours are a drop in the bucket for this grind. The game does not respect your time and is balanced around you buying ingame cash with real money.Surely for all that grind you have some assurances of a stable, cheat free, product? Nope. The game is riddled with hackers who will kill everyone in a match with the stroke of a button, or theyll lock your character so you cannot move, theyll empty your inventory of all of your hard earned weapons and such, theyll crash the server, or theyll crash your game, or theyll shower your character with items or money in such a way that theyll get you banned for a few days or weeks. Thats right, the greedy publisher and devs of this game have offloaded most of the stress of the multiplayer onto their customers, without sufficient checks to keep the integrity of the game itself secure, and so have rendered the experience moot. When hackers can permanently ruin a character youve made, leaving you with no recourse, what are you supposed to do? The PR and marketing for this game avoids the tough questions while shoving more microtransactions down your throat.GTA Online is a disgrace. I reinstalled for the first time since release, and played some hours to see what was new. I had missed most of the new content, till now, and was curious to see if the game had finally reached a worthwhile state. As you can tell from my above comments, I am not pleased. Things are worse. The lobbies always have a few cheaters in them, about half of the remaining players will hunt you without reason, and the remainder will keep to themselves. Rarely youll meet some nice seeming folks, but any crew will quickly fall apart as the missions require a high degree of coordination. Unless you have friends to play with, dont waste your time.The online is a mish mash of ideas, but none are very well implemented.GTA Online is the fixture of GTA V. There are no expansions or DLC coming for the single player game. If you can find the game for cheap, buy it and play the campaign.Ignore the online component, it exists to part you from your cash.All of the added content in GTA Online is grind heavy, expensive, and ultimately not worthy of your time. Play a game that respects your time, and isnt just trying to get into your wallet. 