What can be said about GTA V that thousands havent already mentioned? Probably nothing.This is a review for GTA V online Ive played the campaign, but didnt like it, so 95 of my game hours 464hrs! have been just online.GTA V is technically, quite a polished game. Theres not really much wrong with it as a game. Runs smoothly enough and theres been a hell of a lot of development with in the game itself. You go into their website and read some of the web pages there and it shows that R have put in a lot of trouble to get a lot of tiny details just right. But small details do not make a great or even good game.However, And who doesnt like a good a good However during a review? this game is getting practically unplayable due to the volumes of hackers and modders that wander 99 of the servers. They have God Mode. Unkillable. They teleport over the map. They teleport YOU all over the map. They teleport you up in the sky. Turn you into a huge orange. Stick a guitar up your backside while youre looking down from a couple of thousand feet having been teleported up there. They spawn in and drop cars all over the place. They can stop you from moving and drop money onto you. Though it might sound good, but R will notice youve made some illegitimate Rss and either remove it or you from their online servers But not those who do it for some odd reason!. They can now use orbital cannons like semiautomatic guns. And for an honest player, thatll set you back at minimum of R500,000 and you cannot blast away to your hearts content. There is a cool down period that the hackers/modders get past with ease. Plus they also hack in countless millions of Rs to buy just about everything and get to levels of competence that honest players could only ever dream of.And these s believe its great to destroy everyones honest and hard workedfor gameplay with the simple press of a keyboard button.But what are R doing really about it?Ummm From what Ive seen, probably nothing. Ive reported numerous hackers using Rs in game system, but there is no comeback to this seemingly flawed system. There is no follow up procedure to see what R might be doing Or NOT, as the case seems to be.Its such a shame that this online game is being systematically destroyed by hackers and modders and R seems oblivious or even, dare I say it, tolerant to all of this. Soon, all thats going to be left on their online servers are going to be the hackers and modders battling for who has the best and most lethal hacks and mods.But what do R really care?Theyve made literally hundreds of millions from selling the game and probably millions more if anyones bought a Shark Card to help and try to build up a legitimate, honest, game.I can recommend it as its a great game, but I wont as currently its pointless to play it online due to hackers and modders.R need to sort themselves and this game out rather than sitting in their ivory towers counting the millions theyve taken from us. 