Note I know what Steam says my playtime is. Thats because I tried installing and playing this once through family sharing, didnt work. I likely have hundreds of hours of gametime in reality though, because Ive played through the storyline entirely at least twice and played countless hours of GTA Online just grinding to try and get new stuff.Warning Long tirade aheadTLDR I personally went through hell and back just to play this fetid pile of dog vomit, Im sure many others did as well if they bought the physical copy of the game, and when an update came along that finally brought my interest back in it somewhat, TakeTwo go and pull a cease and desist on OpenIV which is one of the things that keeps this grindstone abomination alive and fun. TakeTwo should take turns choking themselves to death on a gorillas chode. Wait a week or two and I guarantee modders will come back dropping more money than every, only play then to give them a huge middle finger, if you play at all anymore.I remember back in 2015 I picked up my preordered, physical copy of GTA 5 for PC because I had played it on PS3 years ago and loved every second of it and I saw all the new features that were going to be added to the nextgen/PC version of the game and thought itd be great. I came home with excitement in my heart because I thought I was gonna get a great experience just like playing the game for the first time all over again, only for the following experience with it to be a year long nightmare just trying to get the thing installed. The initial installation went smoothly and I didnt mind it, but after that was all done I thought I was going to play but instead was greeted with a required day one patch. The game hadnt even been out for a few hours yet and there was already a day one patch for christs sake. 5 gigs too, so even more waiting to play my game. I thought nothing particularly ill of it at first, but then soon realized that the installer was starting off normal speed and then slowly trodding down until it hit zero kb/s when normally I had at the time gotten around 1 to 2 Mb/s.I then spent the entire rest of the day trying to get this piece of crap installed all the way, I looked up if anyone else had this problem and everyone else who bought the physical copy did quality servers, R, so I looked up if anyone found a fix for it and tried every last one that came up and none of it did. Through sheer willpower I managed to basically force it into installing, and then I fired it up with my hopes still somehow being in tact for a great experience.It crashed. Alright, that might just be the settings, my computer was really freaking old at the time so I figured I could probably run it with everything set on lowest and thatd be fine by me. Set everything to the lowest possible settings, crashed again but this time after giving me the false hope it wouldnt because it took quite a while longer to crash.I immediately gave up on it, uninstalled it, and didnt give a crap about it for the entire rest of the year. Then my PC was upgraded to a current in early 2016 that is and pretty good midrange rig. So I then went through installation of GTA 5 again to see if it worked, and it actually did. I was able to play with decent settings at a stable 60 FPS and so I beat the storyline fully again, and went through with porting my Online character and all that stuff.But there was one problem, it wasnt fun anymore. Online was a chore now because by the time I was able to play it again from the last time I played it, so many updates had come out that increasingly made it take more of a grind. I hadnt been able to play it for around 3 years at this point, so you can probably figure what the updates exactly were that did that. Singleplayer was alright but the storyline isnt nearly as interesting and fun to play through the second time as it is the first time.So I uninstalled it again, bored with it and somewhat disappointed that GTA Online turned into a grindfest filled with cheaters and toxic scumbags when before you could at the very least drive down the street safely for a while.Then comes the Gunrunning update, something that actually gets me excited. I install it well before Gunrunning releases and start playing the Online portion to try and get money, and of course modders are there as always. They drop money on me and I dont give a crap, I take it and buy a bunch of crap because I cant be bothered to grind for it anyways. Gunrunning drops and I immediately by the bunker, but before I can buy the Mobile Command Center, my money all disappears. My own fault really, I should have anticipated that and bought a bunch of sell off cars so I could keep it after the inevitable cash wipe. So now I get stuck with a bunker, a CEO office and some warehouses to make my money. All slow, boring chores of processes that really arent that much better than grinding the original missions themselves like all those years ago.And then they decide to attack OpenIV for no god dang reason like a bunch of bumbling  that hate freedom and jerk off to the scent of money. Suck my balls TakeTwo, modders are the only thing keeping this game from being a soulless abomination of grind. And you overpriced your Shart cards, 8 million for almost 200 real life dollars are you high on meth? The PREREQUISITE items that you NEED to even begin using ANY of the freaking new content in the gunrunner DLC totals up to almost 8 million. You think this one update is worth almost 200 dollars on its own, are you a bunch ants with cordyceps eating your brains?For the same price as that worthless Shart card, I could buy a bunch of games during the Steam summer sale, you aint getting anything from anyone with a brain anymore. Hell, youll have hard luck getting moron microtransaction whale customers to fall for your  schemes. What an awful game this ended up becoming.