Im prefacing this by stating that my older brother actually put in most of the time in SP mode only thanks to mods while Ive only personally put 2030 hours. And Im writing this review from a perspective of someone that games on the go. A lot.This review isnt really about the game itself but the  practices it has more.Its a fun game yes but you have to ask yourself these questions1. Do you always have an online connection?2. Will you actually want to play the games multiplayer for a long duration?If you answered no to one of them I wouldnt get it if you havent already.1. Rockstar social club has an offline mode... It does... But what the actual flying  is the purpose of having an offline mode in the R launcher, not Steams offline mode if youre STILL gonna need an online connection to authenticate your purchase pretty much every 12 times you turn off and on your computer.Sure you just need to go online on Steam, launch the game online then close it and disconnect your internet then relaunch the game without internet but really? The R launcher has an actual offline mode option but its not even usable.2. Heres my problem. The game itself constantly updates with multiplayer content that I DONT want. Whether you actually play the multiplayer or if you just want to  around in Single player it doesnt really matter. Still gonna be forced upon yourself to download the GTAO content.And no Im not writing this review on his behalf. Im just baffled as to how it is objectively better to own a pirated version of this game if you have no intention to play the multiplayer content. You dont need an online connection to play SINGLEPLAYER content, it takes up less disc space. Which wouldnt be a problem if the game was around the teens size but were talking about a game thats over 60GBs.So were talking about potentially 60GBs of useless junk if I were to end up somewhere that doesnt have any internet access for a couple days.Before you GTAO  go GtA V is AbOuT OnLinE noWPlease  off. I have already hinted that my older brother has personally spent over 200 hours in singleplayer alone. I myself would spend much more if it meant I could actually play something I rightfully purchased anytime, anywhere I wanted. 