Edit June 23, 2017  1149PM Well, it seems that after 77,000 signatures on the petition and over 103,000 overwhelmingly negative reviews on Steam, Take Two have revoked their Cease and Desist order on OpenIV. I want to say thank you to everyone who supported the modding community and came together to bring single player mods back into GTA V. Take Two certainly felt the heat from the overwhelming responses and support. I want to thank Rockstar for contacting the developers of OpenIV to work with them after reversing their decision, and for convincing Take Two to stop targeting single player mods.Im very pleased with Rockstars decision to talk to Take Two and I think they have regained my support, but Take Two has not after initially ordering a Cease and Desist on OpenIV. I think they might learn from this, especially considering it all happened over the span of only 10 days after the release of the Gunrunning DLC on June 13th. But again, thank you to all of the supporters that helped bring Single Player mods back, and a big thank you to Rockstar for taking a step back into the right direction to keep this game amazing, the way it should be.Hopefully the website for OpenIV will return in the coming days and things can go back to the way they have been with the development team for the past 10 years. I dont want this to happen again just as much as any of the other community members do, and we never know if it will, but we will all remain strong as a community of gamers who want to be able to have real fun in games, not have it taken away without compromise.NoteI will keep my Negative review as a part of this just so people know what kind of response like this from a community as strong and as large as the GTA V modding community can really do. We can all make a difference and make sure that we remain strong as a whole. In the coming days, I will swap to Recommending this game once again. Nobody should forget what happened with this, which is another reason I am keeping the negative part of the review.Posted Jun 20, 2017  1204amOn behalf of the community that enjoys modding in Singleplayer,  you, Take Two. This game was amazing with the mods that are offered, especially in singleplayer, but after what you have done, you will lose 95 of your players and customers. Good luck selling Greed Theft Auto 6. I will never recommend another Rockstar game again, nor will I purchase a Take Two Greed game again. You have lost so much of your customers that you need to close your entire business. Even Rockstar is better than you, but they made a bad choice not splitting off from you guys a long time ago.Also, the fact that Take Two has purchased Kerbal Space Program pisses me and a lot of others off SO badly due to this change since KSP has a lot of FUN mods, which TT obviously doesnt care about fun, only money, they have screwed everyone over that enjoys their games and have royally screwed their vision of what players want in a game. If I could put more than 1 thumb down on steam, I would. Take Two is officially worse than EA games in my eyes after the  that has been done over the past week.On a side note, in case anyone in the modding community hasnt seen the petition, I urge you to sign it if you havent alreadyI sincerely hope that everyone who has ever had fun modding in GTA V signs that and that we all get our RIGHT to mod and have fun in video games back from the greedy companies like this. GTA V has without a doubt been the most fun game to mod that I have ever played. Take Two has no right to suddenly shut us down after OpenIV has been operating for almost 10 years. Yes, there are bad modders out there, but dont go punishing people that mod in singleplayer for what happens online. Sending police, PIs, or a cease and desist order to people who make the game even BETTER than you ever could is no excuse to ruin the experience for the ENTIRE community.To those who have created fun mods for this game, I thank you on behalf of the entire GTA V Modding community. It has been fun, but I think after what has happened, I dont even want this game on my account after the next patch in the coming times. So again, thank you for taking this game and making it the most fun gaming experience for us players. I honestly hope things go back to the way they were if enough people rally against the fun hating greed of Take Two. 