This is a marvelous game.  You marvel at its scale, you marvel at its possibilities.  This, is a terrible game.  The more you look at it, the more you think about it, and the more you compare it, it is a downgrade within the franchise and a shallow expirience.Singleplayer  This suffers due to three things in my mind.  1 a development focus on money making multiplayer which leaves the singleplayer seeming old in concept.  2 multiple protagonists fail to be good individual characters.  yes, they may work together well as character types, but within the storyline there are extreme inconsistencies and a total lack of Franklins reason to exist as a playable character except for the San Andreas callback.  3  the singleplayer is stuck between being a Ubisoft game and being a story driven title.  GTA 3 and its branching titles were all very much sandbox games with a distictly separate story mission set.  GTA  was all narrative driven and reasoned for within the character and world.  GTA tries to be both these things and just comes off confused and not confident.Online  Where to begin.  This has an incredibly toxic community.  This has a series of added content that simply makes griefing more accessible, harder to counter, and encouraged in some scenarios.  I understand the idea R was going for with this, and it interested me at first, but the more I played it, the more I understood that they were creating a milk machine of investment.  The more you play, the more you compete.  In order to compete, you need to get the good gear.  To get the good gear, you need to research it.  To research its means you need money and a business.  To get a business, you need money.  To get money, you need to do missions.  To do missions you need to invest your time.  How does one invest their time?  Play.  Its a money microtransaction scheme of rage at this point with stupid omissions and a failure to keep prices reasonable.I will give it that they throw in some excellent lines of dialogue and the voice acting is superb, despite the flaws in the writing.  Also, the graphics are an improvement over 4 and are still goodby modern standards, short a few bad texture here and there.  Also, it has the best shooting system of the franchise.  Its not the best third person coveravailable shooter, but its still decent.If you like sinking time in to an ever rage inducing and increasingly worthless example of the phrase Familiarity breeds contempt then you may like this game.  Otherwise, its not worth picking up these days.