Grand Theft Auto V is the definition of a lovehate relationship. Its one of those games that would greatly benefit from a neutral recommendation. This game does a lot of things right, and a lot of things wrong. Ill be discussing the single player portion and the online portion in seperate sections, as at this point they are nowhere near the same game anymore.TLDR at bottom!GeneralThe attention to detail throughout the game is absolutely stunning. Puddles are dynamic, people comment on your car as you drive by, cars will have their tires turned into the curb when downhill parking. Its mad. Its clear that significant amounts of effort when into creating a living, breathing environment for Los Santos.The game is gorgeous. Everywhere you turn there is a beautiful sunset, impressive reflections, and eyecatching, vibrant colors. Its such a breath of fresh air compared to the generic brown/grey colour palette.Luckily, optimization allows GTA V to run as smooth as butter. Ive been running the game on a GTX 1060 6GB on ultra high settings, and have been consistently getting a 6070 FPS with very few frame drops. Friends with lower end GPUs have reported the same thing to me. This game is widely playable across a lot of systems in my experience.First Person is a welcomed edition from the last gen edition of the game if anyone still plays those.... Nearly the entire game can be played through in first person, which offers an interesting and often times challenging perspective for races, firefights, and roaming the city.Single PlayerThe single player is, and always has been, an amazingly enjoyable experience. Its a lovely blend of gritty, twisted, dark plotlines and absurd, entertaining fun. There are some scenes that were a bit too much for me,  but this all ultimately comes down to personal preference. The character dynamic between Franklin, Micheal, and Trevor is fun to watch unfold throughout your time playing, which could be a while. It took me about 50 hours to finish the main story, and 90 hours to 100 it. However, content is limited thanks to Rockstars inability to hear the communitys cry for solo content. A lot of people wouldnt mind spending 10, 20 on an expansion for the single player, but Rockstar continues to ignore half of its game to continue to work on its cash cow.Grand Theft Auto OnlineGTA Online sings a tune very different from that of the single player. Online is at best, a hugely entertaining passtime, and at worst, a horrible nightmare to play. The game essentially revolves around completing missions, jobs, heists, etc. in order to acquire large sums of money. You then use this money to buy vehicles, weapons, and property which often times unlocks new missions, jobs, and heists to play at your disposal. The main problem with this model is that unless youre willing to grind youroff, youre not getting anything quick. As more and more updates come out, the prices of things go up and up, all in a desperate attempt to push Shark Cards In game currency for real money. Whats even worse is that the value of Shark Cards has not kept up with the insane inflation that GTA Online has had over the years. On launch, 1,000,000 was an insane amount of money. Now its chump change. With every new update comes millions upon millions of dollars you need to spend in order to get anything. The most expensive Shark Card in the game 99.99 USD gives you 8,000,000 in game. You will burn through that quick. So unless youre ready to spend a LOT of money to get everything you want, youll be grinding. What adds insult to injury is all of the hackers spawning themselves infinite amounts of money, and all the bans that dont get applied. Youd be lucky not to have some sort of hacker in your lobby. They run rampant, with free rain to kill everyone and everything, and spawn themselves and you money. Dont worry, Rockstar will just ban them, right? Thatd be nice. Most of the time they do ban waves, they catch thousands of innocent players who have worked hard for their money, and will either take their money or ban them completely from Online. Its entirely innapropriate and Rockstar really needs to work on it. So say youve acquired your money, youve bought some nice things, and now youre enjoying free roam. Prepare to be blasted to hell by one of the most toxic communities Ive ever experienced. This game breeds toxicity. People will blow up you, your car, your plane, and your will to live. Low leveled players have little to no chance of fighting back, as they dont have sticky bombs, miniguns, or any other of the strong antigrief weapons. Your only option after that is passive mode, which is no fun whatsoever. Basically, what Im getting at is Online is a complete nightmare to play alone. However, if you and a couple buddies pick up the game and play together, youre in for some of the most fun youll ever have. Playing races and missions together, away from public lobbies, is the most entertaining thing Ive ever played. The most recent update, the Doomsday Heist, reintroduced new PvE content instead of the , hollow PvP content theyve been pushing lately. Its a huge step in the right direction for the future of this game, and if they continue on the path of PvE and coop I can see this game lasting a lot longer into the future. I cannot stress it enough If you plan on getting this game for Online, get it with friends!TLDRProsAmazing single player experienceExtremely detailed worldBeautiful scenery and environmentsImpressive optimizationsStupid funRecent updates for online are a step in the right directionConsRest in Peace single player contentStupid hard push on Shark CardsOne of the most toxic communities Ive ever seenHackers run rampant24/7 Grind to get anywhereI want to be able to fully recommend this game 100, but I simply cant. While I do fully recommend it if you plan on playing it with friends, the downsides of playing Online by yourself are staggering. I repeat, if you plan on playing the Online, play it with a couple of friends. You will enjoy your experience exponentially more. 