This game is great, dont get me wrong. The single player campaign is a fantastic criticism of the extravagant consumerism and latestage capitalism of the United States, and is indeed very fun. What makes this so ironic is the fact that, while the single player campaign is a beautiful, wellwritten satire of capitalism and consumerism, GTA Online is too, but is very much real. For Take Two to smash the games vibrant modding community in a pathetic attempt to get people to buy more shark cards is incredibly disappointing and ironic given the story single player campaigns throughout the franchise. Its almost as if they havent played their own damn game. Modders have added so much content to the single player game while Rockstar/Take Two havent released a single DLC for offline mode since the game was released almost 5 years ago.Take Twos argument for their cease and desist order is that OpenIV enables hacking. Thats t, and heres why. When OpenIV is attached to a GTAV installation, it disables GTA Online completely. Attempting to go online on an installation modded with OpenIV will crash the game. Instead of going after the individual hackers who would abuse this tool, Take Two has shown that they dont care about the consumer by issuing a blanket demand to stop development of OpenIV.This is not the only time Take Two has been hostile to modders. Around the time of the games release, many members of the modding community were unfairly banned from opening the game in both single player and online mode simply for installing a mod to use in single player mode or experimenting with the games code  nothing wrong with that outside of Online mode.Rockstar as well has lost both my money and my respect. They used to feature mods all the time and were incredibly supportive of the GTA modding community. For them to be completely silent on this whole mess, regardless of whether or not they are Take Twos subsidiary, is absurd and reeks of rentseeking corporatist behavior.In short,  you, Take Two. Youve Taken Two GTA Vs worth of money from me, both for the Xbox 360 version and the PC version. That will be the last of my money that youll ever get.