TLDR, Take Two Interactive ed up.EDIT Since OpenIV is back in business, I will be back in the game. Only for singleplayer though. God bless you, Rockstar! TakeTwo Interactive is still a bucket ofwater...For so long, Ive been meaning to write a review about Grand Theft Auto V. Positive things too! Now, seeing a lot is on my plate, I may as well start with the positive things. Grand Theft Auto V started out fresh back in September, 2013. I was so pleased with the new mechanics the game had to offer, Which was what always impressed me with new Rockstar titles. and most of the characters were interesting! Overall, the story was fun, and had a lot to offer! Then online came around, which I can easily relate it to milk. At first, the online had a lot to offer, and Id be lying if I didnt have fun, especially with friends. But since a date I cant recall, they started adding unnecesarry things, and the amount of microtransactions became rediculous! It used to be 20 just for a penthouse, and maybe a nice car on the side. Now, after doing the math, Ive concluded that a lot of major things, like properties and opportunities can cost over 3,000,000 of ingame currency. I know we can earn it, but its clear that they wanted the community to fork over more than 49 of actual hard earned cash, which would go towards their crappy mirotransactions. I already paid for thae damn game, why should I pay up even more? There was even an event where a friend of mine lost all of his money, despite him never coming into contact with a hacker. Even if he did get his money from hackers, why cant their system filter out only the suspicious transactions, and single out the money he didnt earn? Either way, it was a  move.Now the present... Where do I start? Upon launching it after it updated after the Gun Running update I was greeted with a message, stating that cheating and hacking would be punishable by account suspension, and would derank me. Okay, I thought. Then came today, where I got word that OpenIV, a nifty tool dedicated to modding singleplayer GTAV was shutdown. Then it hit me that opening message wasnt a friendly reminder. It was Take Twos ways of sending a stone cold message, stating what would happen if we crossed them. Despite OpenIV being against the idea of their product being used for online purposes... Until I hear a good damned reason to come back I am uninstalling the game and avoiding your company and its titles like the plague.