With 200 hours in this game, I feel comfortable saying the base game is worth about 20 at this point.The campaign is ok, the special abilities either being slow time not bullet time, since most weaponts are hitscan, and the driving version is a bit midnight club, or Trevors rage mode which is less on  damage resistance and a damage multiplier, but more of a mode that makes him drop more quips of aggression while fighting. the story kinda ends sorta meh for something as long as 24ish hours I did take my time, but still fun for a little joyride.the gunplay is ok, but most of the riffles feel the same. automatic weapons still have a bug where a single shot will still registers an audio queue like several shots were fired. the scope attachments for 1st person are mostly dot sights that kinda suck. they are so dim during the day that they look more like a orange or green paint texture than, you know, a DOT SIGHT. flashights also have a problem with the light fog in 1st person as well. the game is bright enough that you dont really need them in the first place, but when you use them the fog is so bad it makes it harder to see unless you are in 3rd person. something that should have been fixed since release. the other upgrades are pretty standard and basic, and dont help differentiate all the types of pistols or rifles. also on a side note, the LMGs feel like rifles that shoot slower, are less accurate, but compensate for extra ammo. With an update a while back that can give the ak a drum magazine, it almost makes no sense to use them anymore.The driving is good, better with a controller. Car mods are still bountiful, still no nitro boost, but the sports cars are still dope. Its GTA and cars, what do you expect.The AI is ok. you can walk up to just about anyone on the street, talk press e, and  have two or three phrase exchange before someone drops an insult. One guy had a bagle and was trying to sell stocks, it was great. Even talked to a police officer after he shot a guy, and he said hi back. Attackwise, enemy characters will take some cover and trade shots before hiding. However, there is an insane amount of B.S. regarding them knowing your current position at all times. Ever had a gunfight, hid three allys away when backup arrives to the seen just for them to start hustling directly to you instead of scouting the area? this whole system makes the silencer feel pointless as attack action even a fistfight will give away your position.The Police system is, weird. Got a silenced pistol and shoot something in the baren desert area? Onestar. Cop car cuts you off in traffic while you pretend to be a saine driver just this once? Threestars, weapons drawn and a chopper is on the way... for a fender bender. For reducing their wanted system from six to five stars, Ive hardly ever seen the Twostar level. The police just get aggresive way to fast.Most of these gripes just affect the single player. Multiplayer is where the game ceases to be GTA, and becomes a MMO grindfest.The focus in Online play is to unlock the faster cars, better appartments, boats, and bases to earn even more money. Money earned in heists offset by how long it takes to set them up also, prepare for people to drop out of a 30min setup or die just to restart the thing over again all the time, and smaller missions payout is hardly incentivising besides the ability to pick up some free ammo during a run. Races are fun the tracks that are available are pretty great. Overall the aspect of the multiplay is FINE, but the execution is handled poorly.The biggest problem here is the Shark card system, most likely added in by Take2. Its not a bad way to incentivise players to spend a bit more to play a game with items behind large paywalls, but the porblem comes with the inequality and hackers this system attracts. anyone who does not buy a shark card can expect 40 hours of repeating the same heists over and over until they can just afford a stock super car. At the same time, someone else can spend 20, buy an exotic with all upgrades, and already have a competetive advantage in any racing mode. Better yet, these users can also afford armored vehicals as well, making them nearly invulnurable in free roam as they mow down players. I dont need to get into hackers, youre reading this far, you should already know about this in GTA. Lobbys seem less full, people are leaving the game, and yet the imbalance is still there.TLDR buy under 20 