This game is great adn no one understands why. Rockstar only really supports the multiplayer because thats what people play and makes the most money. But the real draw to the game for me has always been the singleplayer. Ive beat the game twice over my pc and xbox completed every strangers and freaks mission. There is great humor, so much to do, plenty of easter eggs, and the way the characters interact is always amusing. The multiplayer is fun dont get me wrong, but it is nowhere near on the level of the singleplayer for me. The stroy was gripping, there were great setpieces, and the gameplay was fun. There are three different endings SPOILERS AHEADIn the first ending, you kill trevor, this ending for me really solidified franklin and michaels friendship, until the endgame that is. You see, if you try to visit michael after you kill trevor, he is mad at you and blames it on you even tho it was his idea and he helped. This made me have strong feelings of distatse towards his character. Later though, he texts you saying that he is sorry and you are still friends. This really shows how much detail they put in the single player even after you beat the story. Also, side characters like trevors friends will text you about it and its really cool to see.In the scond ending, you kill michael, this ending to me was kind of like the bad ending of dishonored, you did what doesnt really make sense stroy wise and it causes chaos, I cant speak for the endgame because i havent played through the game and selected this one, ive just played the mission. Its really emotional and a lot like when anakin and obi wan fought in the volcano place. except in this case anakinfranklin wins. There is a lot of story in this ending, it starts with micahel and trevor meeting to talk,but michael gets called by his wife and basically its a conversation where you see how michaels life is finally going great for once and michael invites franklin for dinner and it just makes you feel worse about the whole thing. At the end franklin calls up his best friend/guy he does nothing but argue with Lamar and tells him theyre brothers and they should hangIn the third ending, you kill your enemies. Michael trevor and franklin all kill the guys who have been bothering them and they all walk off into the sunset and its a classic happy ending. This has the least story of the three i feel but makes the most sense for the end game as you can play as all three and have access to more missions