Ill try to ignore the Take2 chaos, though because of that this might be the last GTA i buy.It was a good journey, seeing that i started playing GTA 1 on my first PC, when i was a kid.Single PlayerV is clearly a masterpiece and theres nobody doing games like this at the level that Rockstar does. They basically build on  the same game, just adding to it, so their decades of experience makes it a loosing battle for new starters like WatchdogsDriver and all those cash grabs, that dont dedicate their life for making the perfect game in a certain genre.With that said, i miss the vibrance of GTA2, with the crazy gangs they had, and a certain lore. A remake of that with this new engine would be a crazy hit for them, in this age of repackaged classics. It wouldnt work to go goofy with a new story, cause thats why Saints Row exists. Speaking of that, the Zaibatsu car in GTAV as an easter egg, brought a tear to my eye. Thanks Rockstar for that.Multiplayeroh boy oh boy, where do i start with this one. I know many kids love it, and take two made sure to mess it up really good, cause i guess making billions selling the game is not enough. I wont go too much into this, cause as a game developer myself, i see the pointless nature of it. Ive seen the parasites among us that have no respect for what they do, and just want all the money. Not just money.....all of it. Micro transactions in a full priced game like this are just simple as that.Last time ive entered the online feature, i waited forever to load. I play most games that launch these days, and GTA5 online is by far the slowest affair ever. By the time it loads im questioning if i was in the mood to play or not. Los Santos is a shadow of its single player version, with just a handful of cars in variety, everything seems baren, and its crazy how an online game can look more deserted and feels more lonely than its single player story. Except the crazy random explostions from youre generic lets create chaos kinda player.For me, GTA multiplayer was always about the fun of actually having fun in the same city as the campaign but with other players, and just roaming around, not going into paralel universes like the missions at the moment are playable. Its a mixed bag. Some are pretty good, but the city is now just a hub for those, and its not the actual game. Long discussion but i feel it lost focus.I bored people enough, so in short, even if i find the single player as a masterpiece, the money they make on the Online component, and seeing they have another Online focused expansion coming up, all i can say to Rockstar, is to be careful. I understand Take2 will make a bunch of money for their corporate overlords while they are still alive, but in the long run, it damages the brand, and people wont have the same feeling and aura around GTA. It worked and made billions cause it was a respectful build up to this point. So as long as the next entry will be as solid and will stay on its feet, not rely on online, and as long as Red Dead Redemption will be as focused as all products till now, i think were good. Theres a bright future ahead.P.S. Rockstar...speaking of Read Dead....us PC gamers literally made you in the 90s. We were the ones that spread the word of GTA. You already have all the money in the world, so dont sign some exclusive contract. Just launch the next game on all platforms. Were here, well support you, dont let us down.Thanks. 