tldr  For PC version, be expect to deal with modders every single day, every single time, if you are a materialist who wants to have everything but want to play legit, this isnt the right game for you. By legit, I mean financially cheating, not modding  in terms of combat advantages for PvP.Game currently has overall/recent review as Mixed, I guess that is a fair representation since positive rating is going to be overrated for sure, but not as bad as having a negative rating.No need to mention the good stuff here as it is very obvious to you, content rich, large map, enormous amount of vehicles with different customization and upgrades, countless ways you can have fun in this game, heist, race, deathmatch, freeroam, griefing. My ways of having fun in this game is racing and there are racing crew out there.Now, the bad thing for this game,1 Pay to play yet having a premium business model, every item, every building, every feature, every customization, revolves around GTA and therefore its all about shark card sales, TakeTwo knows people will pay for these items and they exploit this priviledge to the max and push the players to their limit. The recent DLC to this game has proved this is the way they want this game to be. Grind 24/7 or pay up.2 Forget about customer support regarding anything except shark card purchase problem, comparing to steam support they are actually pretty fast but just because you will not get any legit responses but bot replies.3 For PC version, modder is a thing that you will encounter every single day, so I suggest you to teach yourself how to make a solo lobby, it is pretty much necessary. It is not worth it to defend your cargos legitimately. Because most of the time, people that dare to pick a fight with you are usually modders themselves, they wouldnt have any problem destroying you. And upon a chance that your business cargo get destroyed by modders with solid evidence in the form of video, R wouldnt reimburse you because in the TOS it says that selling business cargo has a risk along with it to deal with.4 Game takes a long time to load, and more importantly, the room entry articulation is poorly coded. If you attempt to join a heist lobby, it doesnt tell you it is full until you fully loaded in the clouds, then it tells you room is full, and then it does not throw you back to the same lobby, it throws you back to a new lobby which takes another 1 minute to load in the sky. All these loading times contribute to slowing you down from making GTA.5 Game is not designed to be balanced, dont expect every weapon has its pros/cons, you will always revolve around those few weapons like Combat MG MK2, Heavy Sniper MK2, marksman rifle, RPG, homing missile, sticky bomb, minigun, AP pistol. Same thing for air vehicles, land vehicles, its always just those fews and you wouldnt know what they are if I tell you their names anyways. So what is it balanced for? Anything new usually will become the new meta, and those will cost you a fortune usually, a.k.a. more shark card sales.6 Old gen players from PS3/Xbox 360 who migrated their 9999999999 do not get justified, while new gen players who received modded money will get adjusted, ironically some players who play the game legitimately get their money removed as they are flagged as modded money when in fact it was R themselves enabled a double payout for some game modes, millions of GTA was falsely flagged and removed, nowas given to these players but bot replies.7 Worst thing about this game is, the money making system is built upon a PvP environment in the free roam, it is known that the GTA community is full of shtholes that play the game just to ruin other peoples fun. All these money making system such as CEO crates, Import/Export cars, Motorcycle club cocaine/weed/meth/forgerydocument, bunkers cargo, smugglers cargo, when you sell them in free roam for GTA, it gives your character red blipping signal all across the whole map and notify every single person the map, they get paid if they destroy/steal your stuff but they only get paid a whooping 4 digits payout. Why is that a bad thing you might ask? Because those products take a long time to be gathered and produced, and when the delivery vehicles that they give you to sell these products are made with cardboard which are easily blown up by anyone that pass by casually. Another thing is, all these money making system were not designed to be solod, it is mostly designed towards having 3 people total you yourself included, if you solo sell these business products, instead of delivering 1 product vehicle when you have 3 ppl, you are going to have to deliver all 3 product vehicles on your own. And by playing together with another 2 persons, you are obligated to help out that 2 persons as well, so in the end you dont actually get the money 3x as fast but still only help to certain degree.Conclusion I recommend asking GTA money from modders as the method of monetizing in this game is disgusting, if your ways of having fun in this game is by having every single vehicles out there but you just want to play the game legit, this isnt the right game for you because I literally played this game 2000 hours and I am no where near to be called filthy rich and matter of fact a poor player plus Im already playing the game in glitched solo lobby with no one coming to me to destroy my business products. If you still insist buying shark cards to feed these curved nose, hands bracing businessman behind the scene, I cant stop you, but I can tell you, you are agreeing and supporting them exploiting the game playerbase. They are not going to fix the bugs and flaws in the game but will further put more and more DLC items with skyscrapper price tag just because of sucking out every penny they could before they bring out the red dead redemption dishes and the whole milking cycle rebegin cuz everyone be like  this game and move onto RDR2 yet they will titled themselves the most successful and one of the highest number of copies sold in the entire gaming industry. 