DISCLAIMER I started playing this game on release day on my Xbox 360, and then preordered the PC version when I made the switch to PC gaming, so I have a very long, very diverse play history of this game.GTAV is a mixed bag, to reiterate what one of my peers put into their review.The singleplayer is an incredibly memorable experience, and the story is characteristic of Rockstars blockbuster storylines. If you want a darn good singleplayer game, you will feel like you have spent your money well. Theres an absolute ton of things to do, and it doesnt take unheard of amounts of money to do, its just darn good fun and you cant beat it. From the incredible storytelling to the improved gameplay, I cannot recommend the single player enough. If youre reading a review this indepth, then you know how incredibly detailed and amazing Rockstars singleplayer worlds are, and this is an absolute barsetting experience.Where this game falls short, is the multiplayer. And its the ONLY reason this game is remotely bad. Compared to the singleplayer, it truly feels to me like two entirely different studios developed this game. Rockstar made the singleplayer, and the scummiest, most criminally minded corporate scumbags made the online version. To put it bluntly, there are very few things that online did right, and an unbelievable amount of things they did wrong, and its truly concerning. In the early days following release, the pricing systems in my opinion were rather well balanced. It didnt take and overtly insane amount of time to get the good cars, guns, and clothing/houses. But as things developed and time moved forward the game took a directon which all games nowadays seem to be taking, one we observed in countless AAA titles, Fallout 4 being among them as well. What I am referring to is the seemingly constant push to make games appeal to wider audiences, release large amounts of halffinished content and lacking DLC, just to get consumers to spend more money on things like ingame currency.And thats more of a philosophical issue in gaming and gamingbusiness that I wont delve into, but when so many developers in the modern era are constantly pushing ingame currency and halffinished DLC, doesnt anyone question what theyre doing to the game itself as far as content or integrity, to justify those types of additions?Regardless of this, the online portion itself is a grindy, frustrating experience for many players, just read the various reviews from my peers on steam and reddit and youll find a few common themes. Grindy gameplay, unbalanced gameplay in terms of level gaps and economic gaps, and an overabundance of just really unfriendly players. That brings me to another issue, and its not something R can control directly but have an influence on. The playerbase itself is a very, very toxic community because R does nothing to control it, and doesnt give players the option to do so either, so it runs rampant. Theres no way to flag problem users, theres no way for the community to police itself, and Rockstar seemingly has no interest in this either, and thus the toxic community. As for support from Rockstar, thats an entirely different issue that normally isnt related to the game but in this case it is. I have no experience with any sort of unfair banning and neither do my friends so I wont speak on a topic I have no experience with. But in past dealings with R support when I had issues migrating my account from XB360 to PC, their service generally places any issues or blame on the customer and doesnt seem to be interested in accomodating or helping the customer. Which, being a business owner myself I can tell you that despite popular belief, the customer is always 100 completely right, and nearly the only way to have a successful support/service department is to do whatever is feasibly possible to help the customer, even at a loss to yourself. It breeds a positive customer base, and thats not something we see with this game, as I have previously mentioned.To conclude, I dont really have any advice as far as techincal aspects of the game go, since I have no background in any form of programming whatsoever. However I can give support and business advice. The more money you take from a customer without them feeling satisfied, justified, and cared about in their purchase/experience, the more youll develop bad publicity and poor, unruly customer bases. Business is about a relationship between a corporation or company and an individual, and while a companys primary goal or directive is to make money, you simply cannot treat customers poorly or take advantage of them through unethical practices or overly corporate relations. You have to be a human first, businessman second. You have to make money, while also ensuring that you dont lose sight of what you originally set out as a company or studio to do, and thats to make games that people want to play. Not make money. These practices might work in the short term, but as we have all seen before, consumers NEVER, EVER forget, and its even less likely that they forgive.And Rockstar, well, youve lost sight of your goal, and you allowed your highly prestigious studio to be controlled by the never ending pursuit of money.Tldr, I am unable to in good conscience recommend this game, even with the incredible single player. I cannot recommend it.