Single Player A genuinely interesting experience with a good plot and enjoyably twisted characters. Completing the missions feels rewarding and the relationships between characters are developed well. There not much to say about it other than it has the iconic GTA feel.Multiplayer The reason I can not recommend this game. A hodgepodge of content that amounts to a sheer money grind. The various businesses cost enough to spend a few full days merely meeting the minimum price this doesnt include the upgrades that cost a couple 100k  for some businesses. Grind is ok, when its fun,  GTA  Vs grind is not fun its a small rotation of missions randomly selected and repeated ad nauseum. Grind aside unless you playing with friends and only friends private lobbies prevent much of the business content btw  than youre stuck with the public which wouldnt be so bad if not for my next pointHacking for some reason often conflated with modding in this game Ask anyone who has played GTA online for more than a week and the overwhelming likelyhood is theyve had their car blown up, cage teleported on them, and rarely money dropped on them which automatically flags them as a hacker more on that later. If Rockstar has made an effort to reduce hacking over the years it hasnt done much. In fact when it comes to the issue RockStar notoriously prefers to remove players hacker or not money if they have gained what rockstar deems a suspicious amount in a short time. Normally that would be an ok countermeasure to people giving themselves ridiculous amounts of money EXCEPT they pull this trigger on amounts that are within their own payout system. There are multiple recorded cases of players completing the difficult criminal mastermind challenge and shortly after having their money corrected by rockstar. Back on the subject of a hacker dropping money on you, since the anticheat amounts to little more than uh oh you got money too quick hacker  real hackers easily get around the system themselves while occasionally forcing money entities onto other players which triggers the anticheat and can force that player to have all of their money removed and then theyre flagged to be put into lobbies with other flagged players vastly increasing the chances of having to deal with hackers again.Overall The game is simply not worth the money even considering the singler player quality. Even on sale I cant really encourage giving money to the company considering their actions. This goes especially for shark cards. If you do buy the game I beg you please vote with your wallet and do not buy shark cards. It only encourages more grind to me implemented and the cost of new content to be inflated to push microtransactions.At the end of the day there are ways to have a lot more fun with your 60. 