The main gameNothing short of brilliant. The storyline is amazing, and everything just... EVERYTHING!GTA OnlineEhhhh. Its always had an aspect of P2W with Shark Cards, but at first release it was pretty brilliant. Doing things was actually worth something. You stuck to one car, and mastered it. Killing people was more difficult, and more rewarding. And travelling  the same again. I remember when the Zentorno was the goto vehicle for, well, everything. Speed, handling AND defence, surprisingly. The back of the Zentorno was bulletproof and entirely solid no glass. This meant that you could reverse up to people and shoot them without them having the slightest chance of killing you. Destroying a personal vehicle used to incur a bad sport penalty, so the majority of people you were trying to kill wouldnt just blow you up. Nowadays, however, with the vast inclusion of heavilyarmoured, heavilyweaponised vehicles, the penalty simply just wouldnt work. You NEED to destroy those vehicles. Or else theyre never going to go away. So, even while driving a fun, innocent little Futo around, youll have a hydra, insurgent, motherfandoodling batmobile or a threecannoned cargo plane up yourI did used to love playing GTA Online a helluva lot more than I do nowadays, because it was simpler back then. To become a serious opposing force, youd invite four, five, six or more of your friends to play and become a somewhat unstoppable gang. Id sink so many hours into it. But now, although I still get some enjoyment from it, its lost its charm. Content is just too radical now. And ludicrously expensive. A Zentorno would set you back around 500k, about the same price as the most expensive apartment  which seems, well, great. The best car for about the same price as a house. That seems reasonable. But, nowadays, you can purchase a waaaay lowertier car which doesnt even slightly cut into the top three of any class, for about four, maybe five, OR MORE, times the money.Its still a lovely, openworld sandbox which is, well, fun, and Ill continue to play it less and less until I tire of it. But its dying. 