In an effort to milk this cashcow dry, R has resorted to creating micro transactions for everything in GTA Online. The game itself has become repetitive and boring. R keeps trying to spur interest by adding DLC. The DLC usually consists of a few supercars or other oddball vehicles and some new scheme where players can basically earn money through organized crime. The vehicles are outrageously expensive, like more than the cost of the actual game in ingame dollars for a single vehicle. The schemes require huge upfront investments and lots and lots of repetitive gameplay if you ever want a chance at breaking even. Your options to obtain DLC are basically 1 spend thousands of dollars in real money on their shark cards, 2 quit school or work to grind away with repetitive ingame tasks 40 hours/week, 3 have a modder give you cash and then face the possibility of getting banned, even if the modder drops cash on everyone inlobby unsolicited. This is all purposeful on Rockstars part to drive up sales of their shark cards.A lot of people have resorted to playing single player instead. R has yet to release any single player DLC, but you have other options if you want to have some fun. There is a huge community that is centered around creating content for the game in single player through mods. The most comprehensice single player modding tool is called OpenIV. The tool, which was initally created for GTA IV almost ten years ago, has grown from a few users into vibrant community. Unfortunately, that is now a thing of the past. At the direction of TakeTwo CEO Gordon Gekko, the TakeTwo legal dept has issued a Cease and Desist letter to the OpenIV devs, forcing them to shut down. You see, people who are enjoying their own content in single player mode arent playing the broken GTA Online, which means they arent robbing liquor stores at gun point to feed their shark card addiction. TakeTwo had to put a stop to that of course.Rockstar and TakeTwo Interactive have ruined this game. I will not be buying future games from any TakeTwo subsidiary. What was for many years my favorite video game series is now dead to me. RIP in peace Grand Theft Auto. 