Rockstar has come to represent the iconography they formed their namesake after a bloated, pathetic, irrational hasbeen clamoring for respect who despises their fans while, at the same time, sueing charities for saying something too close to a lyric of one of their songs.As the game has continued, the hacking problem has gotten worse. You cannot go into a public lobby without randomly exploding, cars flying through the air like fighter planes, people screaming into microphones and windmill turbines in front of doors that result in instantkills.Instead of expending the effort to crack down on cheaters, they pad the market. They raise prices, released Shark Cards and release cars with increasing price tags and, instead of raising the bar on what the engine can handle, they slow down older cars. Like the proverbial Rockstar, they want more and more money for products that take less and less work all while croning about the good ole days.What is worse is that the support for the game has plummetted. The game is plagued with Saving Fails, crashes, missions that do not pay out and malfunctioning AI that can snipe you with a pistol aimed around a corner blind with perfect headshots. Missions bug and remain unplayable for months so they go untouched by the community. Cars have clipping issues that render them undrivable and they remain that way for years. AI go berserk in traffic for little or no reason.Instead of fixing these issues, they blame the community. The forums are bereft with complaints about crashes, missions not paying out and people having serious gameplay breaking problems. Instead of responding to these issues they lash out at the community. Theyve disconnected their customer support phone number. Their tech support do not read their email and instead close tickets, marking them resolved without  anything but a link to an article that doesnt have anything to do with the issue. When supervisors are summoned, representatives merge the topics into dead links so they cannot be called out on their laziness. With Rockstar, like the bloated and liverfailuresuffering totems they follow, any time the community is angry at them, they deny any wrongdoing and try and pretend nothing happened.I think itll only be a few years before we read about Rockstar Games dying in a bathroom in a pile of their own feces, having ODd on some glamor drug that cost too much money. On that day, well look back at them and go Oh yeah, they made that really great game that one time... whatever happened to them? Oh... oh yeah... thats sad. 