if you are 12 years old then this is the game for you. For the rest it is an uncreative game that wants you to stick to the script you cant jump over the railing to get the the checkpoint, you have to go around so you encounter every enemy rockstar wants you to encounter... that sometimes make absolutly no sense building on fire? better stick around and shoot the guy pretending to be a firefighter.The crew thingy is exactly like it is supposed to be, meaning you doing everything while the rest loiters around until rocktstar wants you to change character.The stealth missions are stealthy until a certain point and then its you vs 50 guys which youll clear by running trough it while shooting.Repo missions are as easy as walking up to the car, maybe kill a guy or two getting in, running away from cops and delivering it.The water gun on the firetrucks are weak and youll just be able to make people angry and make them send the cops after you for some reasonRaid the police station? Nope not accesible.Raid the army base? Possible, but youll die before you get out with anything except when your on a mission then you just encounter 2 soldiersWanne fly a jumbo jet? Nope only on mission.Missions are repetitive.The instant missions like recover a stolen purse, car, .. are nice the first time you do them.The cars are boring and common and if you find one of the rarer cars it is best to stay in it or itll reset before you know it.The driving is easy and for some reason they implemented the nfs most wanted time breaker ability  for one of the characters. Which makes racing with him a walk in the park. In fact all the races are easy.You can add silencers to your guns, but it has no use since the cops will be onto you the moment you shoot someone.the map feels incredibly small while traveling from the desert to the city takes ages, all the towns you pass on the way are so insignificant that its not even worth thinking of stopping half way.And the worst of it all, you have to listen to the typical gangsta/maffia conversations filled with yo dawg, ...  talk when you driving around on a mission.In summary, a game that tells you how to play it while making you think you have freedom to choose.You better off buying gta 4. 