ProsBest large open worldGood graphics for 2013ConsLoading times. I have a fast SSD and an unlocked 5th gen i5. Want to hop in and play with your friends? Click on GTA V. A minute or two later, you can choose GTA V or online. Choosing singleplayer will take a minute or two to load. Choosing multiplayer will take a couple minutes as it loads the singleplayer anyway, then a couple more as it loads you into a multiplayer session. Then add a couple more to join your friends private session. Almost ten minutes to get into a server, easily. At least now you can play GTA. Unless...Stability issues occur. The game crashes consistently with no reason on my PC and my friends machine. Which wouldnt be so bad if I didnt have to wait for so long to play.But when its working, you get to explore the wonderful world of Los Santos. Unfortunately, every way of interacting with said world is infuriatingly bad.Player movement on foot unusable, will get you killed frequently due to your character running into gunfire or off a cliff 20 feet away, despite you instructing them to go elsewhere.Cameras default to an angle which is far too low. If you move your mouse to fix them, they auto reset every 2 seconds anyway, even if this is turned off in settings.Flying autocenters controls, even when disabled in settings. Do you like scrolling your mouse all the way forwards across your desk, picking it up, and doing it again and agin, just to fly a helicopter in a straight line? Buy this game!Driving surprisingly good mechanics actually. Unfortunately, PC players cant use a wheel... so you can only use the brute force of arrow keys. Oh well. The driving mechanics have issues hit curbs to gain speed, pedestrians interfering in races, etc, but nothing compares to arrow keys.User Interface Again, terrible. A user interface designed for consoles hasnt even been changed for PC. Not going into detail. If you play youll see what I mean. Add to this the games tendency to remove clicks, or only count a map vote/setting change/etc after 3 clicks, or the left/right selectors tendency to not respond properly after a change in the width of the content.Shooting mechanics Not so much that they are bad, its that theyre nonexistent. Recoil hardly matters. All automatic weapons feel inaccurate and put far too much luck into already chaotic conflict. The AP pistol and heavy sniper make all other weapons irrelevant anywayexcept explosives.And then finally, we have Rockstars updates.This gamewhich is already expensive 4 years after release is, even after you buy in, essentially a grind or pay2win game. like a free2play title. Rockstar prefers to put out the newest supercarsthat take several hours of grinding to get just one of instead of making actual content. But thats not too bad. More concerning are the armored cars, APCs, etc that completely change the combat and add a huge tax to GTA combat. Either have 8 million for the gunrunning DLC content, and more for the included APC and rocket bike and their ilk, or die to those who do. Public GTA combat has been completely ruined by this cash grab update.This is the only game Ive ever regretted buying. 