My original review was supposed to be much much longer and more detailed, but Steam capped me off at some point, so Im trying to keep my main points short in this attempt.I recently uninstalled GTA V from my computer and I just have to share why.Many people say that GTA V SP is great and fun and I generally agree with that. However, the GTA formula is getting a little old for me. GTA hasnt changed much since the beginning of the 3D era, and this is understandable as it still seems to work for and attract a lot of players. However, I personally am a little frustrated by the lack of new content and ideas. GTA still consists of this errand boystyled gameplay. You do missions for other people because uhmm...they said so. Or they pay you. Or blackmail you. Anyway, we never get to be the shot caller ourselves. We are still not allowed to build our own criminal empire, we are just the ones doing dirty work for others. It gets boring. Even in installments of the series where we kinda did something different, it is only presented to us in story missions and less so in free roam and actual gameplay. Only exception was the empire building system in VCS, a title less known and less popular as it was console only back then.R does everything to keep things as they are. They even moved a few steps back with this one as many people didnt like GTA IVs more realistic and dark approach and GTA SA is still the best game in the series to many. So we got Los Santos/San Andreas back, we got a more crazy and less realistic GTA back and while many people liked that, I do not. Weve seen it before too many times. I just want something to change. Since GTA SA we havent seen a new environment in the series. Its always been Liberty City and now Los Santos. How about a GTA version of a completely new city. Maybe Chicago, maybe Seattle, maybe Dallas, maybe even Washington DC. Also, I really wish that R would make another GTA that is set in the past instead of the present. Vice City and San Andreas were so cool because they had this 80s/90s flair which made them pretty unique. How about the 70s, we havent had that yet. Just imagine the radio stations...New features are limited to heists and multiple protagonists. While they are not really bad, they are not implemented in a way they really add to the game. Heists have been around in the GTA series forever. Now you have different choices how to rob a place, you can recruit your own crew, but it still isnt that satisfactory as the options are too limited for my taste. Again, R relies on presentation and story, not sandbox gameplay, and for a series that actually made sandbox a big thing back in the day, thats rather sad. Multiple characters were not a bad design choice either, but they also dont add anything to gameplay outside of missions. Missions are the only moments in the game where you can switch characters for certain special actions, but only because the game is scripted to do so at these points. Nothing of that made it into free roam.All in all, GTA V SP is still fun and entertaining, but dissatisfactory and lacking at the same time. I only made it through story mode once. After that, I didnt have enough motivation to go through it again. A lot of missed potential here.First of all, the health system. HP regeneration? Really? What the actual  R? I know its only partial regeneration and the game has to be appealing to casuals, but GTA has always given us creative ways to heal up again. Steal an ambulance, go eat something, call paramedics and so on. Not much left of that but a crappy portable medkit system. Which means that you have to drink coke or eat a snack in the most inappropriate situations. GTA didnt need that, and now we cant even go into a Cluckin Bell anymore to patch ourselves up with a nice chicken burger.Shooting is very little fun and much worse compared to GTA IV. Lack of good feedback, animations on hit enemies etc. . Weapons feel like they dont have punch. Also, I dont like the weapon wheel system where you can carry every gun in the game. In previous titles, you had just one weapon per slot which made your loadout a tactical choice at times. Completely gone. And dont argue with Eeh, thats old school.. Its not. At least not for GTA. And when you have tons of weapons that feel exactly the same, there is no need to have a massively overloaded inventory that is just plain annoying, especially in MP. Also, PvP combat in MP is a chore. The weak weapons in combination with the health system make firefights unintuitive, artificially elongated and just not fun. Meh.Police AI is a huge step back compared to GTA IV. It is so bad its almost insulting. Back to the shoot first, ask questions later AI. This is even worse in MP as cops will start shooting you even at a one star wanted level.Also, the game world feels very empty and shallow for the most part. GTA IV was so much more interactive, paid more attention to detail, had all kinds of environmental scripts and animations. Liberty City felt so much more vivid. Thats all gone as well.GTA Online is a GTA players wet dream. Do all the fun stuff and GTA style missions, but with friends and other players? Awesome! At least in theory. Again, GTA relies very heavily on its presentation, not gameplay. Lets be honest, GTA missions mostly consist of driving somewhere, killing some people, grabbing an object or a car and drive somewhere else. Occasional race here and there, thats it. The onesidedness of the missions is less noticeable in SP as the great presentation, scripts and cutscenes do a good job hiding that. But there is no such presentation in Online. The missions are mostly the same, get boring very quickly and races and versus gamemodes are pretty standard, too. The real fun comes either from being a massive  and grieving other players fun away  a problem that R hasnt been able to solve in more than four years since Online was first released  and buying horribly overpriced assets I find it funny that Online offers you crime empire style stuff while SP doesnt btw and special vehicles. Problem is they are only fun if you either manage to grind massive amounts of cash together or pay more real money to R/T2 by buying Shark Cards. GTA Online has become a massive cash grab. Microtransactions and then this ridiculous DLC on the Steam Store where you have to pay 3/4 of the actual game price which hasnt received a drop since its release whatsoever just to get all the cool things in multiplayer from the beginning on. No thanks. Also, from what you can read in other reviews and on forums, R seems to treat their customers like I cant confirm that myself, but there are just too many complaints for this issue just being made up.GTAs singleplayer is fun, but so lackluster and partially feels very empty. Its enjoyable overall, but I think its time for a change. R is getting a bit lazy on bringing up new ideas. GTA Online on the other hand is just plain insulting. Little effort to keep the game balanced, fun and clean, but great efforts to steal your hard earned money. If you ask me, I wouldnt recommend this game to anyone anymore. I dont want R/T2 to earn a single other Cent with this piece of software at all. If you really want to play the story, wait for a sale, but, PLEASE dont even touch Online. And if you just have to  dont you dare buying Shark Cards. R/T2 shall bleed for their shady and awful business strategies. So be careful about this one. If you want coop heists, go play Payday instead. I really hope that the community will wake up and put an end to the greed that is now the driving factor behind this game. I also wont buy Red Dead Redemption 2 unless we are guaranteed not to receive such a mess of an online mode in that game as well.Thanks a lot for reading through all this!