Abysmal online cheat protection. Not only did I very frequently see players with invincibility, impossilby high ranks and infinite money but actively saw cheaters instant kill everyone in the server and do other such things that affect players other than themselves.With this said, I myself was banned and had my character reset for reasons unknown. I had never cheated on my character and while I had accidently gotten into a game where someone immediately ranked me up 50 times and/or started dropping money on my head, I immediately left. My character was imported from the Xbox 360 version and as you might notice I do not have a lot of time logged on the PC version. Quite a bit of it, in fact, is in single player mode which...Has quite a few issues. Primarily with an impossibility to complete or even see certain levels. Troubleshooting didnt do much to help and creating a new playthrough would fix some while others remained. Effectively removing my ability to complete the game. One such issue was very early on in the game, right after unlocking Michael. No missions would appear and even after hours of fooling around, reading and attempting to force them to unlock, the missions would not appear. Again, inability to complete the game. Some of this is fixed but I do not intend to play again just to run into another one down the line.Back to online microtransactions absolutely destroy any sort of pacing in the game. Races that allow custom cars which every single host allows you will see people with maxed or at least significantly faster/better cars than you simply because they have a higher level. This isnt necessarily because of microtransactions, but... even if you have a car in a class completely maxed you simply cannot compete with someone who bought an extremely expensive car with microtransactions. There is a motorcycle that costs 50 real dollars. One single motorcycle. Its not even that good. Outrageous. Some things in the online mode would cost over a hundred real dollars its simply outrageous. The amount of real dollars you have to spend to buy anything at all is insane. Clearly, Rockstar just wants you to spend more money more often by making things very expensive and not giving you much for your real money.Lastly the whole issue we see now with mods and Take2. Im not going to get into this, but its stupid. They do not care about their players and their interests at all. 