Mediocre, heavyhanded writing combined with an online mode that ascribes to a scummy freemium gameplay model leads to a game that is constantly telling you how its manipulating you, while its manipulating you.The writing relies very heavily on shock humor, constantly pushing the boundaries of how far youd expect the game to go, but even if GTA Vs noteriety didnt already prepare you for what to expect, then roughly an hour in story mode will. After that, the game is an endless parade of shockvalue punchlines falling flat and political and social satire with all the subtlety and nuance of a tire iron to the kneecap. Even Trevor, arguably the bestwritten of the three protagonists, becomes repetitive and irritating over time as the same lines about American socioeconomic values get shoved in your face over and over again.The game is essentially a mass of small annoyances, not one of them big enough to truly get you to stop playing. The long loading times, shakey server connections, multiplayer missions and heists that yield not quite enough cash while also demanding nearflawless teamwork to complete, the aforementioned obnoxious sense of humor, the inflated prices of just about everything... All of this can be overlooked, but one gets the sense that the game is intentionally remaining just within tolerable levels of irritation.I found it applying the same sort of pressure that mobile games gave me, the same pressure that led me to deleting all of those apps off my phone and now GTA from my hard drive. While the story satirizes the glitz, shallowness, and materialism in American culture, the online mode gleefully partakes in encouraging that very mindset. Money is earned too slowly and spent too quickly to be anything other than the carrot dangled in front of our noses, just out of reach unless youre willing to spend real money, but even that will not help because nothing satisfies for very long in this game. No trickedout car, no fancy apartment, no business or bunker or what have you will make you feel like youve actually accomplished something in this game because what doesnt lose its novelty after five minutes becomes yet another form of grinding.Its insidious and depressing and, frankly, I recommend either getting out as soon as possible or never going in to begin with. I did have some fun playing with my friends, but those moments were too far between and cluttered with a myriad of connection issues, samey missions, and frustrating heists. Save your sixty dollars and go watch the Achievement Hunters play it instead. Its cheaper and youll have more fun. 