This one is technically two games in one, so Ill go by order of importance.The single player gameA very good entry to the GTA franchise. So far this is the best looking and most accesible in terms of gameplay. You have a huge city where there is a lot to do and it feels alive most of the time, however, a few of those things you can do are a bit grindy and some might find pointless such as looking for nuclear waste in a submarine or pieces of a destroyed submarine for which you dont get any real reward.The three character dynamic is awesome. Each of the three main characters has a very distinctive personality and are charismatic in their own ways. Even Trevor, who at times seems deranged, has his charm. Switching characters is pretty easy and you can do it almost at any point in the game except for a few crucial parts of the story for which you need to use a specific character, and of course, during missions which are related to a single characters storyline.The heists are very fun to play, but I wish there were more and the characters certainly speak like there would be much more than there are when youre setting up the heists, or at least thats the impression I got when I was playing. That also brings me to another criticism, the heist setups. Those things get boring pretty fast, especially when you have to fetch stuff that is pretty much the same thing three times in a row across the map. I just didnt find that fun to do.Theres a ton of unique characters, secondary missions and easter eggs to be found. You can have races by land, sea and air. You can go hunting, skydiving, car towing, yes, some are not that good.The story is good, I mean, Im not trying to hate on it, but I feel like the first act hits you hard, then the second act feels less powerful but steady, and then it just feels like it loses its track for a bit and some decisions have to be taken that dont make much sense to me. It feels like they were trying to go for a choices matter thing but implemented it too late into the story for it to have any real meaning or weight and by that point it just feels senseless. Some loose ends and some characters I would have liked to see more developed, but all in all a solid story. Not on the level of San Andreas, for me personally, but still a good story.The multiplayer game or GTA OnlineWell, this is a bit tricky. Its not bad as a game, but there are a few things that just made it hard for me to get into it. One is the emphasis on Sharks Cards and how hard it is to actually get on the level of people who buy Shark Cards. Another one is the fact there are a lot of hackers and people who are just blatantly asking for modded money in the game chat and often youll see a giant boat or something going through the city, which Ill admit is pretty fun, but its not so fun when a cheater is going against you or dropping you absurd amounts of modded money you didnt ask for that Rockstar then removes from your account. There are also tons of immature people playing this game, its a GTA game that has a very wide audience and we all know most of the people in the world are kinda dumbasses, so youll often find people who join a match only to leave before it finishes, or people who are just obnoxious and talk like little kids, which they probably are.Again, the multiplayer is not a bad game, but it doesnt feel like something I would put much time or effort into. This game is still worth buying for the single player alone though.