GTA Online, the jack of all trades game which does everything quite well while staying a safe distance away from all forms of perfection. I currently have 4,617 hours of playtime logged in this game, most of it online or in the creator. Once this game made it out on PC, complete with a first person viewpoint, I felt as though my lifelong journey of discovering an entire world which I could live in and do whatever I desired was finally becoming a reality.I loved this game. LOVED this game. Ive been playing since the topdown days of GTA 1, always dreaming of the time when I could experience this crazy alternate world from my own eyes.However, having spent this much time in the game leaves me with one conclusion  I simply cannot recommend this game. Not to anyone, not for any reason. Not ever.See, in a game which revolves around drugs, money, murder, and any manner of illegal activities, I kind of expect to be treated like a criminal inside of the game.I do not expect to be treated like a crimial outside of the game by the sorry excuse they have for tech support.On 08/29/17, well into week 3 of some amazing double payout bonuses and mere days away from the Smugglers Run DLC, my few friends and I were spending many long hours playing away and racking up some serious money through all of our hard work. However, Rockstar decided that it was time to run another sweep looking for people who mod, glitch, cheat, hack, or exploit their game.Apparently it found very few of these people. Instead, it found a whole bunch of us legitimate players. Then it decided to punish us all wholesale, never once telling us why or how it came to this conclusion. Better still, many of these people with modded money didnt get affected at all!First we are met with a screen during the games loading cycle stating we have determined that GTA and/or RP details on your account were adjusted by something out of your control and we have taken action to fix it. No additional action is required from you at this time.Now, a lot of people will try to argue that they are completely legit except for that one time when... I am not one of these people. I know what the public sessions are like in this game. Its because of this that I had only ever played in closed or solo sessions until very recently, with the same one or two known and trusted friends, for most of my online time. I had never played online on a console and had never transferred an online character. I routinely took screenshots of my online bank account just in case some modder somehow managed to get through to me and mess with my hardearned cash.To this day I have yet to see a single glitched or modded GTA dollar go into my account. I would know if it went there. I do not place myself into situations where such a thing could happen and I keep a very close eye on what happens to my game. In addition Ive never modded nor glitched GTA money, myself. Ive never even duped a car. Honestly, I dont even know how to do any of this stuff!Rockstar apparently could not care any less about this as they had decided to take action and steal 28,553,333 of my legitimate, hardearned money. Right out of the blue, no explanation given. Okay, I think, their anticheat is confused with the double payouts weve gotten over these last few weeks. Theyll figure it out, thisll get sorted out, everyone who had their legit cash removed will get it back. Theres quite a lot of us, too. Look around the forums and message boards. Tons of us. Including about ten people whom Ive just stared playing with mere days ago, which happens to be most of the people that I know in this game.Sadly, this does not appear to be the case. Rockstars support number has a doofy automated thing saying to use their support website which many of us have already attempted to use. Any attempt to mention this stolen money on said website will soon see the issue being flagged as being a cheat/exploit or banning issue. It may or may not also have an automated response from some soulless bot stating that Your shared bank account in GTA Online was adjusted to remove illegitimately gained ingame money. Then the trouble ticket will be closed. End of story, slap across the face. You cheated, we corrected it, get lost.Like Hell! Not ONCE have I EVER done anything in this game to cheat. I HATE cheating. Had any modded money been dropped onto me I would have told them about it in a heartbeat. But Rockstar simply does not care about how legitimate we are. They are always in the right, we as players are always in the wrong. Ill probably never see that money back but that doesnt mean Im going to stop sending them trouble tickets about it. Im currently sitting at number four. They will keep hearing from me until they either fix their error or ban me.Nowhere has there been any official word from them about this. No we recognize that there was an issue or we are currently looking into the matter. Nope, were all dirty cheaters, go screw off somewhere else. As if it wasnt bad enough that they find any way they can to deplete our online bank accounts through normal play, now theyre outright stealing it from a lot of us!All of the other rampant bugs in this game, both new and old, I could come to overlook and there are quite a few of them! The increasingly forced public session play, the psychotic AI drivers, the ridiculous AI buffs, being called a ucker by the NPCs hundreds of times during play Rockstar must have a fascination with this word combination, the list goes on. I wont even get into the mess that is story mode.This matter, however...  Now that I know who I am dealing with I am done purchasing anything with Rockstars name on it. Take 2 is in significant danger as well since their name is now associated with this title. This kind of treatment of their playerbase is beyond unacceptable. I cant even fathom how much of my time had been lost due to this, though if you consider that their most expensive Shark Card weighs in at 100 USD and gives you 8 million credits then they just stole nearly 357 USD from me because of this nonsense and there isnt anything in the world I can do about it. Except for sending them a bunch of trouble tickets and writing a negative review on Steam. Power to the consumer, gorramit.I had worked my butt off in this game for every dollar which I had saved and spent. I played it smart, made intelligent purchases, played the game the way it was meant to be played and did everything that I could do to protect myself and my belongings. As it turns out someone did manage to mess up my account in the end, just not how I would have expected.Grand Theft Auto receives two middle fingers way, way up. If youve managed to avoid purchasing this game so far, congratulations! Stay far, far away from it and its rampant toxicity. If you already have purchased this and happened to experience a similar situation then I strongly encourage you all to join me in avoiding any of their games from this point forward while continuing to contact them through any means possible until they fix their broken crap and give us back our hardearned money.Seriously, go sit on a cactus Rockstar. 