Establishing shot, an enourmous skyscraper, completely dark except for the top floor penthouse, stands ominously against a stormy, turbulent night sky. Inside, dozens of men in dark suits sit around an impressive mahogany table. Its dark tones suggest sophistication, wealth, and intuition. These men, sat upon the finest crocodile leather desk chairs, mumur in soft tones, as if anticipating the arrival of someone of grave significance. A door opens, and the room falls into silence, such as a flock of churchgoers awaiting the words of their father...A man, or perhaps even a beast, dressed in a hooded robe so dark that it contests the bowels of the earth, shuffles into the room. He moves, ever so slowly towards the head of the table. Two burley men pull out his seat, a throne, crafted from the bones of slaughtered children. The man sits, and the two men hurridley scamper away. Countless eyes from around the table are fixated upon this mysterious figure, unblinking and unmoving. The cloaked man draws a long, audible breath, and sighs.Would anyone care toThe man inquires, in a deep, raspy voice, as he waves his hand, illuminating a large screen.Upon the screen is displayed the GTA V store page, with a red circle drawn around the user reviews. The room is silent, none of the imps dare speak of such ill news to their dark lord.Well, my lord one of followers squeak, as all the eyes in the room quickly bolt in the direction of the noise, it seems the players are dissatisfied with many aspects of the game. The room falls silent again, as all eyes turn back towards the leader.And would you care to enlighten us of these issues? the leader spat, anger evident in the tone of his voice as the eyes of the followers, like a pendulum, swung back towards the outspoken one.Well sire, The follower gulped, The OpenIV fiasco... The follower paused.And? the leader barked.The, um, bans sire...And?The revoking of money, and character wipes...And?The unrealistic price of our DLC content in relationship with the value of sharkcards, sire...And? Anything else you wanted to add?!...Well, sire, the players were wondering if we were going to release singleplayer DLBefore the late follower could finish his sentence, he was shot in the back of the head by one of the two burley men from earlier. The contents of his skull, exploded onto the surface of the mahogany table. The other followers reeled back in horror of the execution of one of their bretheren.NEVER AGAIN WILL I HEAR TALK OFDLC! The leader roared, as he rose from his seat THIS F GAME IS MADE FOR ONE THING AND ONE THING ONLY! MAKING ME MONEY! AS THE MAJORITY SHAREHOLDER IN THIS GAME STUDIO,CALL THE SHOTS! He sat back down upon this barbaric throne, visibly exhausted. As he recuperated from his rage, a quiet voice rose from the absence of noise,What should be our course of action, sire? The voice inquired, all eyes turing to the dark one. The overlord leaned back in his throne, and let out a lengthy, malicious laugh.Course of action? The leader chuckled, Why bother? These disgusting swine we call our customers will pay for anything. Sure they complain, but eventually theyll all go back to playing the game as normal. If they hack, well take away their money, even ban them if necesarry. As for the sharkcards and DLC item costs, leave them be, theres no point in hurting our profit margins.The dark rose from his throne and headed to the door, opened it, and stopped. He turned and faced his disciples,I think it goes without saying gentlemen, but 2.5 of Rockstars shares just opened up for sale. The dark lord scoffed, looking at the corpse half resting upon the table, I dont think our dear friend and shareholder Bill, will be needing them anymore. This game may be on the fast track to Ssdale, but its still making us money, so lets keep it that way.The dark lords walks through the door, and slams it shut behind him, leaving the other shareholders to ponder the price of Rockstars stocks, and the future of GTA V.