First of all, the SinglePlayer Game is great. Goty 2014, its worth your time. Just try it.This Review is targeted at the GTA Online ExperienceSo you start the Multiplayer, sooner or later you will find other Players who cant be killed. Players with Aimbots.Since the devlopers cant implement some kind of cheat prevention and the Game is not played on dedicated Servers, the Game is filled with Modders.You will see Modders everywhere. They can Teleport themselfs and others. spawn cars, use Godmode, give you massive amounts of xp. They can add Structures to the Map, change Physics, kill other players and they can spawn Moneybags. A honest player will end up with tons of ingame money on his Bank Account wich he is not allowed to use.For example a Modder could teleport the whole server on top of a Mountain, lock their movement and if you did not change the session, you will end up with milllions of cheated money. And you better dont use it, as you might get banned for itAt this Point its part of the Gameplay itself. The ingame chat is mostly used to ask if a modder is in this session. When a modder is found, half the players leave and look for a new Session. The other half flocks the modder while typing. Its just painful. Other modders just hang around with Godmode and mock you for not being able to kill them. Or they teleport you to death, while you are doing missions.The userbase is constanly complaing about the the rampant modding EVERYWHERE, and the DEVs are barely responding to it.Its a fight they have lost, they dont care or atleast they can do nothing about it.However the duping Ingame Currency is actually threating Rockstars Revenue. So they ban anyone who is using cheated Money. Rockstar needs to keep selling those Shark Cards. That means as a modder you can do anything, so long as you dont drop any money on others, and you will be fine.Theres is storys of players using the same Modtools for half a year without being banned.And there is tons of diffrent modding Tools. Just google them.Maybe its worth trying GTA O but i would not recommend investing any Time into it.Atleast dont spent any Money on Shark Cards.You will regret it.