Ive played the game for several hours and for first I did the offline story mode in 27h, can say It was one that truly pulled me in. Okay some missions just where pure pain in the censored and sometimes was harder to figure out what to do bit like how to trigger one heist thing, no hint on saying take the taxi there.ONLINE Rockstar hates you playing with friends. Rockstar wants you to buy the shark cards so everything is very expensive, some weapons locked behind rank. my hint for anyone who gets this is get 1,5million somehow in start to get yourself CEO office and small warehouse it leaves you some spare cash for crates that cost. But thing is you want to fill thst storage, you gotta always bit watch out in public you are forced to play in public lobby for people who just love kill you, destroy your cargo. if nothing else Merryweather can steal the package with Valkyr. to take it down i recommend if you do solo  got no friends with helicopter that can shoot it down, get heat seeking rocket launcher missiles package cant remember was it 75k, to take them down. So pretty much online is grinding and grinding, did i mention already grinding?What to do if hacker strikes and gives you money after kills you few times? DONT PUT IT TO BANK OR YOU MIGHT GET BANNED! I got no idea how this works but I would recommend always use all that money away. if its in cash you carry, you loose only 500 dollars max/per death.Before people come in to tell me with instructions how to make money, I got my ways but I dont recommend this game for those who want to avoid huge grinding work. sadly Rockstar wants only your money, nothing else. Online is risky and ive got myself some stuff, still its censored when hacker is in lobby and ruins it all. I got today attacked and well thank god got away.People killing you a lot? Yes this happens because some love be censored, total trolls. best option is to switch lobby and if you think they are hacking, report them to Rockstar, they get banned rather fast.Final thoughtsOffline story is very good, its not too hard for me at least, i did some side stuff too so i would say you get around 25h at least from normal speed playing unless go very slow paced.Online is cancer filled dangerous place but if you hit right people and got friends to help, can be fun. I got some who help but I still am careful whenever join, I tend to bit drive around for while to see what people do before I start move crates or anything to secure im more safe.Rockstar wants your money, thats why online is so expensive mode in the game 