On behalf of the OpenIV team,  you TAKE TWO Interactive. You ruin the slightest incentive that this game broadcasted since GTA III, SIngle player is boring without the use of fun and interactive modification that dont destroy online to make SINGLE PLAYER fun! Yet, you companies try and try to ruin everyone elses fun, by taking down things the users of our own titles permit and use legally within our rights, OPENIV, SCRIPTHOOKV  SCRIPTHOOKVNET all had tactics to prevent players online, and Alexander Blade made sure of that, and I bet he was willing to help you guys stop modders, onthespot yet you take it upon yourselves and dont ask for help. THIS IS T on your part  on TAKE TWO INTERACTIVES for allowing something as treacherous to happen, what happened to R Supporting the use of modifications and showcasing them to the world? Looks like R wants to ruin their reputation as well. I SUPPORT THIS PETITION I am signing this petition due to the absolute passion for modding, this an absolute disgrace from Take Two Interactive to shut down such an amazing and passionate community this is absurd, I am signing this petition to show my love for the modding community out there, and all of the passionate modders who spent countless hours, even thousands of hours to help out this community. Its a disgrace to let something so simple to let others learn and encourage others to have fun be ruined by Companies such as Take Two Interactive  Activision right alongside them, to ruin a fun experience to expand on a title so overlyexaggerated only to the point where it makes others want to play these offline modifications in order to expand on the already noncontented SinglePlayer, which Ill admit no content in such a time as everything is online really is a pain for all of us, and you people only care about yourselves while you watch all the rest of us actually taking online seriously fall right along with the people whore desperate to give your game a bad name, to make us  yourselves work even harder to prohibit the use of modding ONLINE, which ScripthookV, OpenIV, and Alexs ScriptHookVNet all have in common. Yet, you take all of this away from us, without realizing the IMPACT it makes on all of us. THis is really a sad moment, to write and read about for you and your company involved in this atrocity against us trying to keep people OFFLINE. This only makes you look worse in the end, because Im sure all of us would be willing to help you stop cheaters from even attempting online access, and for whatever reason, you dont even reach out to want to have help from people like Alexander Blade. Youve made an error in judgement and you need to correct this. You have a nice day, and I hope you read this and think about your actions. ChadIn correlation to this, Sign this petition pleaseSave what made GTAV what its today, all these people including Alexander Blade, making all these possibile, with the OPENIV team, all goes to waste to apparently stop modding/cheating? Youve played yourselves.CORRECTIONModding/Cheating doesnt simply stop because Cease  Desists are sent out. havent you companies learned anything from Activision? Apparently not. You Take Two Interactive. You alongside Activision are what make games go to hell. Love all of you guys who support this, to hell with T2I 