Hey friends,GTA V its a nice game, but its not so cool like San Andreas or Vice City. For sure, the graphics are stunning and this game have a better gameplay than the previous ones, but its not so addictive.Im a old classic player, so what I really enjoy is the offline version and not the online. So, I will only comment about Story Mode, because I dont have experience in the online version.So, what I dont like in this game? The story behind the game is just a total disaster. Basically, you can play with three different guys one young and cool and two boring middle aged criminals im not young btw.The first problem is the characters are always arguing with everyone. Franklin is always arguing with his aunt and with street friend Lamar. Michael is always arguing with all his family and Trevor. And Trevor is all the time arguing with everyone, specially with Michael. When you reach 50 of the game, its impossible to continue listening Trevor complaining about what Michael did 10 years ago. Always crying like a baby about the same history. Its just boring, annoying and depressing.The protagonists are even all the time arguing with the supporting characters, so dont expect make and lose friends in this story. They already hate each other. So, you will make jobs missions to guys like Dave, Steve and Devin, but you will never sympathize with them. Honestly, thats not very exciting... Could happen some times, but not all the game.But... worst, you will make dozens of missions and you will earn ZERO. Yes, you read well... some guy will give you a mission and then you dont have a real reward or you get some ridiculous reward. You will kill guys and earn zero, steal cars and earn zero, chase cars and earn zero, kidnap people and earn zero. Why? Well, the support characters will just tell you they will pay later, have no money, or some other stupid things. So, you only will be rich in the last mission the irony, what means you will not get real fun buying things and expending your money.Some missions too much examples are just boring, like get some specific car and put it in other place, so sometimes you will just drive to north and to south and its all. Also, the story mode is really short and easy, so dont expect have lots of fun.Just to finish, dont expect to create some street gang and make your own money in the Los Santos criminal underworld. Rockstar have other ideas to Grand Theft Auto, like lost time playing golf, tennis or watch tv wtf?. Seriously? Cmon guys... if I want to play tennis I would buy a real tennis simulater and not GTA. In GTA I want a criminal simulator, can you do that?So, GTA V got the best graphics and gameplay ever, but the story and missions are a big big big disappointment. If you are greener maybe this game looks like the best experience ever, but its not. Its sad because the map, graphics and gameplay deserves better.