You think every single review here is fake and theyre all salty cheaters?I thought so too.Recently, Rockstar decided to remove cash from players accounts because they have illegitimate money.The last two weeks were really good for GTAO with profitable events and discounts, making money wasnt so bad.But the moment they released Smugglers Run trailer, they started purging accounts.They literally stole 8.7 million from me. Some people lost 150k, some lost 20 million. This is not PC exclusive, people lost money on PS and XBOX too.Im not saying all these people are innocent but i know ive been playing my ss off activity280 hours past 2 weeks but apperantly they dont like it when you earn too much. I still have decent amount of money, but that doesnt change the fact that they stole cash from my account out of nowhere. Too much real life parody there.I lost millions because of the business bugs, glitches. Supplies never arrive, 75k worth of supplies produce 63k worth of product, no production even though business is active etc...I lost millions because Import/Export bugs. Vehicle starts burning for no reason, sometimes 15 minute delivery timer reduces itself to 23 minutes. When youre about to sell, a long loading screen then cars are gone or invisible,etc... I lost hours, when youre done with a sale, sometimes you receive Transaction Error, price is invalid. or Transaction error, too much activity in your account. Im sure that was suppose to be against modders. Guess what? I play legit, i get an error. In the next session a modders dropping 50k cash every 30 seconds. What happened to my business? I lost some of my product, recieved no money. I can try selling it again and hope i wont get any errors this time.What about Rockstar Support?Theyre worse than Nexon.Nexon doesnt give a sht.Rockstar doesnt give a sht plus they damage your ingame experience.I sent about six tickets, i got three different responses. No, its not because they ignore your ticket. They have a support catalog or something where they copypaste the best answer for your question.Please take a look at these responses. These are real.Response for the transaction errors. Were good, your connection is sht, go away responseResponse for the lost Import/Export vehicles. I dont know what to think about thisReponse for the second lost Import/Export vehicles. Now, therere a lot of scumbag youtube content creators out there. They give people tips on How to get free cash from Rockstar Support you know, clickbait bullsht.Now, i get this treatment because of that.This is Rockstar Support for you.Ive had similar issues last year, but they actually helped back then, sent me the money i lost and stuff. I dont know what changed this year.Oh, youve played 1800 hours, you got your moneys worth. Thats not how it works. That playtime includes loading screens, connection errors and my nolife grinding... They make truckloads of money from Shark Cards and they keep releasing new content. But with every new update, the game gets more outrageous and exploitative.Shark Card prices werent enough. OpenIV scandal, ridiculous drip feeding content and now this.DLCs in this game are NOT free unless you play grind 56 hours a day.The fandoms on Rockstar forums are pathetic.This game is not worth it, even for single player. They still havent released a single thing for the single player.Do not support this corporate nonsense.Id say its a shame because the game is really good but nope, i have nothing good to say.Stay away from this company.Update Now they constantly change vehicle stats, can you guess why? They released a supercar that costs 2.4 million. It was faster than anything else in its class, but for a week. Its third now. Again, more exploitative behaviour from Rockstar..If you have any doubts, read the review comments. 