If youre planing on only playing the GTA V story, then go ahead. Its a great beautifully crafted campaign. But the online? Oh thats a completely different story. Ive played GTAO for hundreds of hours on the PS4 before switching over to PC, so I know quite a bit. There are huge problems with GTAO. First off, if you plan to play by yourself, dont. There is literally nothing fun to do if you play by yourself with no close friends. On PS4 I never played online unless it was with friends. Its so boring. Second, the PC version while better than console is absolute  on the online aspect. Modders and hackers in nearly every server. I dont get how Rockstar, a multibillion dollar company still hasnt fixed the modding and hacking issue. Third, the game is too much of a grind. Payouts for doing anything are super low with little to no value, and even if you did want to buy your way to the top shark cards are worthless. It would cost you 1000 real life dollars to get all content in the new Smugglers Run update. Business are trash, and barely pay well. Oh but what about heists. Heists in 2017 suck. The payouts are ok, but the main issue is trying to find 3 other people to do heist and heist setup missions with, and ones that dont suck on top of that. The PC version is also weird, as it has many inconsistencies. Phone services such as the mechanic the guy you call to deliver a car to you and MMI the people that replace your car are very inconsistent. On PS4, after two ringing noises they pick up, no matter what. On PC, it can vary from 24, and sometimes not at all. Other times they pick up but theyre busy. It can get very frustrating very fast. You also cant go ghosted to all players, meaning that you either have to put up with peoplesin freemode or go in passive mode, where youre extremely limited on what you can do. Rockstar has also drained innocent peoples accounts because they suspected them of getting modded money. GTAO is ashow, and all we can do now is just hope that GTA VI Online isnt being run by the same greedy s over at Rockstar.TLDR Dont get GTA V for the online experience unless you have friends to play it. It is a horrible, boring grind that never ends. The story mode is great on the other hand. Turn off MSAA, it will kill your framerate regardless of your rig.