Now, on to the review of the game itself!Ive played this on PS3 and PS4 as well, so my hours dont properly reflect the amount of time spent playing thisFor those that somehow havent played GTA V yet, the game is a fantastic game and has a huge array of things to do, with the many different tasks and side objectives ranging from interesting to utterly ridiculous. In a good way of course.The three characters you play as Franklin, Michael and Trevor are all very different with each having their own storylines that intersect at different poinst throughout the game. The game world is large, with missions ranging from a simple street race to yoga to intricate heists. The heists are very fun and are what really makes the game as a whole. If you dont feel like doing the many illegal tasks, you can do other things such as foot races, golfing, tennis, hunting, among other things. The single player of this game is very fun.As for the online play, theres a near infinite things to do at this point. You can do player created levels to beat your opponents in a sky race, climbing on ridiculous junk towers as well as online heists. Or if you want, you can just harass everyone else. The choice is yours.If you havent played this game and you enjoy open world titles, other GTA titles or third person shooting titles, you should play this game. Its incredibly fun with a huge amount of things to do. Do yourself a favor and pick this game up.Recently TakeTwo took down the modding outfit called OpenIV that allowed mods to be made and played on GTA V. The modding software is meant to only be allowed to be used in single player, but a workaround or a modified version of the client has allowed them to be used online. The developer of the software, named GooDNTS, stated that the Cease and Desist CD was an going to happen eventually as the modding tool fell into a legal gray area. Both Rockstar developer and TakeTwo Interactive publisher have reason to believe that the tool was being used to ruin the experience of the online portion of the game and allowing mods into the online space, which is not allowed. They also took down the group/website named Force Hax for the same reason, with the difference being that Force Hax is a paid for online hack system. Rockstar has since released this statement about the takedown of OpenIVThe other reason is that, due to recent malicious mods, most likely the reason that these two different modding tools were sent CD letters, many people have been banned from online play. Though many of the people most likely werent using the mods themselves, if you join a lobby with someone using hacks in the game, the other players in the lobby could also be banned even though they themselves did nothing wrong. So, understandably, many people are very upset about this for completely logical reasons. You should not be punished because someone else in the game was doing something they werent supposed to be doing. Rockstar/TakeTwo reportedly have terrible customer service when it comes to people being banned from online play. I myself have never been banned, but it seems as though many others have been. Whether the reports are true is unknown.Theres the ubiased facts about what has happened and why hordes the negative reviews are being written. As I said in the TLDR, PC gamers are a salty bunch. Also, the reason I say their actions are only hurting themselves in the long run is that, due to this outcry and attack on both Rockstar Games and TakeTwo Interactive, the negative side effects will most likely happen in the future and cause future titles from Rockstar, such as Red Dead Redemption 2, to never be released on PC. When it doesnt come to PC, you have everyone who joined in on the efforts to hurt and harass the two companies to thank. 