Oh what a love hate relationship this has been.Also side note I actually have over 600 hours on this game been playing this since it came out on ps3.PROSAlot of contentGreat single player storyGraphics are goodFun online especially with friendsAll updates are accessible to everyone, you dont have to pay for the update.Great sandboxModsCONS mostly onlineNo single player dlc unfortunately.Such a freaking grind to get decent amounts of money.Can get so boring so quicklyIMO with every update now it feels more like recycled redesign content compared to actual new content.Very un rewarding missions and heistEverything is so dam expensive, which means having to spend alot more hours farming to get that one thing.Enjoyment ruining modders, while not really that bad, there are still a few.So, with all these cons I wrote why am I still recommending this? Because even with its many problems this is still a really great game, its single player alone is a 10/10. This is a sandbox game, and it does it perfectly you can do so much and have fun to your hearts content with almost no real restraints you wanna drive your truck off the tallest building? Go for it! You wanna drive a titan plane drunk? Go for it! You can just have so much fun with the freedom the game offers.But while its single player is great, the games online portion which it is fun and all it really feels like your going to have to either put in alot of hours farming to get access to all the fun stuff like new vehicles, or put in real money, this game since way back on the ps3 desperately needed to rebalance either the costs of its newer content or increase the payouts from our missions, as it stands the costs of the online content is not balanced or justified and is unfortunately starting to feel like a money grab. So with online its really going to depend on you if your going to like it or hate it.So with all that being said I would 100 recommend getting this game for its single player! But if your wanting to get this purely for its online get ready to put in alot of hours or investing more money. Either way like with any game always wait for those sales! 