EnglishI hereby express my displeasure with the way how Rockstar treats their customers.If I could ask for a refund, that would be what I would do at the moment.Well, apparently, they are even penalizing the players who played legitimately. Each update that comes out, they just withdraw the money from the account.So, forgive me to askWhy do not they remove the deaths too? Why not repay the Cargo money that was destroyed by modders, just because its fun? How many times did I had to restart my game sometimes the computer because I had perma fireplaces that wouldnt be removed from inside of my character until I would restart the game memory.Is this what they call Justice? Is this the kind of Justice you want for your games?If you can give me a Refund for the game, really, do it, because I really dont want to play your game any more and I will be on my watch about future Titles of Rockstar, just like how I do with all EA Games. Im just one person, but if everyone starts doing the same, you know it will hit you where it hurts, aka, your pockets.And yes, you can go and check the money I received and since you are on it, also check what I wrote before looking for a new server. And since you are still on it, see how these 10 Million were put into the account in a matter of seconds through CEO Reward spam I wasnt even in a CEO.Also take the opportunity to see how long Ive been on that server.And More Take the time to check that I left 12M at that time, and that you removed them, however, you are always removing at every single update, as if I have my account permanentely Flagged to get all my money stripped away at every single update.Thank you for nothing Rockstar PortugusVenho por este meio demonstrar o meu descontentamento com a forma como a Rockstar trata os seus clientes.Se pudesse pedir um reembolso, seria o que eu faria neste momento.Pois, pelos vistos, esto em inclusive a penalizar os jogadores que jogaram de forma legtima. Cada atualizao que sai, toca de sacar o dinheiro da conta.Ento perguntoPorque no removem as mortes tambm? Porque no repem o dinheiro dos Cargo que foram destrudos por modders, s porque  divertido?Onde est a justia? esta a Justia que pretendem para os vossos jogos?Se puderem darme um Refund, por favor, faam, porque a minha vontade  no jogar mais o vosso jogo.Podem ir verificar o dinheiro que recebi e aproveitem que tm a mo na massa, e verifiquem o que escrevi antes de procurar um novo servidor. Aproveitem, j que esto com a mo na massa, e vejam como esses 10 Milhes foram colocados na conta numa questo de segundos atravs de spam de CEO Reward eu nem estavan uma CEO.E j que esto com as mos na massa, aproveitem tambm para ver quanto tempo estive nesse servidor.Mais Aproveitem para verificar que eu deixei 12M de parte na altura, e que vocs os removeram, contudo, continuam sempre a remover, ou seja, colocaram alguma Flag na minha conta e retiramme o dinheiro todo o tempo todo.Obrigado por nada Rockstar 