I would first off like to say that if this you are about to buy the game for about 2030 and are mostly interested in the singleplayer, then go right ahead because the singleplayer mode is actaully not bad. That being said the main draw to this game is the multiplayer which is frankly a joke...I got this game on sale for around 60 and that included a megalodon shark card with the game. To put that into perspective that means that I entered into this groundbreaking and revolutionary multiplayer with a 100 real world boost and I was still unable to fight against the tide of griefers nor was I able to even establish a way to make real money. The entirety of the game feels like it designed simply for you to buy shark cards, which are uproariously expensive I mean cmon, 100 for 8 mil GTA is nothing when considering that 8 mil gets you nowhere.Doing any kind of legitimate money producing activities will take you about an hour to earn 200,000 GTA and feels like a chore, like youre going to work. Video games are about escapism and this is quite the opposite. Now to support the analogy about this game being work Im gonna do some math here scary I know. If 8mil GTA  100 and working in this game for 1 hour gets you 200,000 GTA, then it would take you 40 hours of playing this game doing nothing but grinding out bunker missions or CEO missions assuming you have ammased the minimum of 1 mil GTA is takes to aquire the cheapest of those things. To clarify, this is the equivalent of working for 2.50/hr.Moving on from that note, apart from being designed to make you buy shark cards it is designed for you not to be able to play solo. No, not designed for you to play with other people, but simply to be unable to play solo. Most things in this game have tight time limits and lots of AI enemies to deal with, but nobody has the incentive to help you out because the only way to pay them is by hiring them as associates, which still pays them MINIMAL amounts.After all is said and done, you buy that car youve really wanted, or you buy that new apartment or warehouse or whatever only to finddddddd that the car feels and sound just like every other, that the apartment is interesting for only about 10 minutes, or that the warehouse is only useful if you spend more money to do something with it.TLDR The game feels like a chore and takes forever to get anywhere, when you finally do get somewhere it is painfully unrewarding after the first 10 minutes, and there is little incentive for anyone to help you out whilst playing solo simply isnt an option. 