Please listen to my review. There is a TLDR below I got this game on release for original release on consoles, as well as on release for PC. God did I want to see mods soar. BUT. Do NOT buy this game for GTA Online, the story is long and sort of replayable even, there is a community for mods although the mods are not entirely... always good. There is a RP community which I would seperate entirely from GTA Online. As a new player although including anyone you will find the experience with any random people The point of GTA Online is completely ruined by people who either payed money or cheated in all the P2W dlc updates from Rockstar. Sure there is a few legit players who didnt pay, but they probably dont ever play anything else and grind solo HARD. Forgot to type this in at the start but 8 million jewbucks Rockstar money not official is 100 real dollarinos. And most of the newest content averages 68mil.First let me start by saying, after some research I found that a majority of the people who actively play GTA Online heavily support Rockstars updates and tells anyone else to  off, or just stop playing. They are at LEAST mildly hostile to anyone who disagrees or complains about the updates, they are the ones who yell the loudest, and the ones still around to respond to people with legitimate greivences on insanely unfair and cheat like content behind virtual paywalls.If you want to stand level with all of the people who are already god tier in this paid game, either by grinding for thousands of hours or paying real money, you will also have to pay real money or spend an insane amount of time grinding it out in the same boring t missions with low rewards compared to the GOODyou need to save up to buy. Again, as far as I have seen, people who still play love that p2w, mmm gimmie moreTHOSE POOR COMMONERS DONT HAVE. GIVE ME THATTHAT WILL GIVE ME AN UNFAIR ADVANTAGE. LOL P2W? THERES NO WIN MESSAGE, LOL WHERES THE OBJECTIVE HOW CAN YOU WIN. Kill  Death  Winning. if end credit screen0  then p2wfalse else yourwronganyways,mustjustifymy2000dollargameThere can be a blurry line between whether something is pay to win, or slightly pay to win. However if you believe P2W and P2W faster are different, youre ing dumb. They are the same ing thing. Before you even finish saying it you are already sayingp a y t o w i nA game which includes a way to gain an uncontested advantage over other players is already bad enough, being able to buy your way there isWhether you can do it free or do it with money you are capable of giving yourself an incredible and I mean INCREDIBLE advantage over others who have not paid money. Of course people can reach that height by grinding it out, but thats the same for people who have also paid money. Just because you can EVENTUALLY get it for free its NOT PAY TO WIN FALSEYOUDUMB.Paying to win gives you a much larger advantage over others by paying money.  off its not pay to win, half the ing game is killing other people, and it isnt fun to be tossed around like a ragdoll by tanks, jets, and weapons that are so powerful they outclass both of the former mentions by a GODDAMN MILE. Why did people like GTA IV free roam so much? Im not answering that, but Online convinced me how much better IV is.Ive mostly hinted it so far, but the tanks are honestly not THAT BAD... except the only way to truly be able to fight back is once you unlock an RPG at level 100 WHICH IS SOO EASY TO GET TO. cough t no its not coughIf you do nothing but play games all day, leveling is easy. If you have a normal god damn life its not easy to get to a level where the things you unlock naturally are useless now anyways. You can get a lock on launcher but you will go broke refilling the ammo while the  with a tank pays nothing to call in a new one whenever he needs to.Over time Rockstar has done this sort of power creep in a PvP intended enviroment where every update the things they release cost more and more. Two million jewbucks use to be the HEIGHT of expensive, things people got once they farmed the same mission over and over just because it was slightly faster than the rest. Now people run around with jets that can shoot infinite, no reload, explosive ammo that one shots anything except worthless armored land VEHCLES. A simple fix for that if they every cared to, but instead their fix was to add in THERMAL SCOPED HEAVY SNIPER RIFLES WITH EXPLOSIVE AMMO THAT CAN ONE SHOT NEARLY EVERY VEHICLE AND PLAYER IN THE GAME. But they FIXED IT says the greasy ing keyboard warrior. Okay to people over level 100 More health per 10 levels up to level 100 can take TWO SHOTS. Oh so you have a chance to shoot back? No because explosive ammo ragdolls you and forces you into a 310 second animation of flopping around like a seizure patient, then attempting to stand up while discount Deadeye on the other side of the mountain ing thermal scopes zooms in to you like a ing psychopath and takes the second, and easier shot to finish you off.If you havent seen GTAO, then you probably dont know this is only a very small problem, where an ammo type Not only for snipers makes you a walking fortress of death, turning driving around goofing off into hoping some  player doesnt have a ing god weapon and feels like using it. There are motorcycles that fly and shoot homing rockets that lock on to ing anything, impossible to shoot down. Maybe it sounds fun, yeah it probably is fun. But a majority of these items cost 48 million meaning any normal player who doesnt dedicate themselves to this game alone Which I payed 60 for completely useless and at the mercy of those who payed, or cheated their way up.I personally reached around level 130 and had all the good stuff even with all the time Ive spent in game, I could do nothing about the people with all this new content. RPGs, heavy snipers, LMGs, Homing missles, grenades, remote bombs, shotguns, ARs. Non of it could help me defeat a wad with a sniperexplsive ammo and an  with a futuristic bike. FYI most new content ranges 68 mil and 8mil 100TLDRThe game is P2W for Online, which exists, and here is why. Explosive ammo which one shots almost anything including armored vehicles. One shots anyone under level 100. Will ragdoll you anyways.Armored AND armed vehicles become useless to this gun Which is one of the hardest things to obtain playing without payingArmed and armored vehicles which are insanely powerful such as a flying bike with rockets that lock on to players Very very hard to shoot these bike ridersVehicles with unlimited ammo such as tanks, jets with explosive ammo, more tanks, helicopters which shoot volleys of rockets, etc ALL very hard to get while also having fun playing, because its ONE BIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIG GRIND. And thats coming from someone who has played dozens of MMOs.Please believe that when I say its a huge grind to get anything I mentioned, I mean its a big ing grind. I dont feel like looking through this review to remove redundencies anymore. Dont wanna fix it up, hope its not too bad.Story mode is pree fun doe. lul long text wall is over. take advice from a  who has played every GTA And Red Dead Redemption game. including those with online since the day they came out. i still boots me up some delishous GTA 4.