Well I suppose since everyone else is reviewing it poorly, I should jump on and say some things too. Now, before I begin I must say that I actually enjoyed GTA V back in the day. Back when it was first out on consoles, my friends and I would hop online and play some online multiplayer. Then, when nobody else was online, Id play the story and oh boy did I enjoy the story. The story, in my eyes, is such an interesting tale that it deserves your upmost attention. For those who dont know, it features three main characters who pull off heists and other criminal jobs. In most of the missions, you get to control two or even all three characters. This allows a very fun gameplay experience as you can switch between these characters fast and with ease. Now the story alone sounds like a blast but this game has one more component that ultimately ruins this game and thats online. Online sounded so promising! You and your friends could take to the streets of Los Santos and do various missions, races, and fun gamemodes. They even promised heists just like in the story. For starters, heists werent placed into the game for a very long time but at least we got races and various missions. But those were limited. There was only a handful of missions before you had to grind them just to get guns and planes and cars, even an apartment. Online started to get more and more bad with each passing day. Soon enough, joining an online game meant either getting killed constantly by randoms or getting killed by hackers all while racial and sexist slurs are thrown at you. Online devolved into this toxic community where you couldnt get anything done or just have some fun. Pretty soon Rockstar started pushing out FREE updates. This is a godsend! Free updates hear we come! Except...they were Sure we got new cars, new houses/apartments, new boats and new planes but there was one glaring problem. They all costed way too much in game money. The only way to afford these new big boy toys was to either grind missions until sunrise or buy sharkcards. Sharkcards allow you to use real world money to buy in game money which seems fine at first but it gets worse. The updates started to roll out more and more fun vehicles that were locked behind ridiculous amounts of money. Every update, the prices for the newly introduced vehicles rose. So it was either grind for about a week and get one new vehicle or buy a sharkcard. This became a problem as you had to keep buying sharkcards over and over just to keep up and get the new content. They also released these online only supply running missions where you and your crew drive some supplies to a warehouse and eventually sell it while people try to attack your shipment. The problem with that is how almost everyone in online is a totaland will just destroy your shipment for no reason. You get the supplies, you die. You get them again and you die again. They released more and more updates around this concept but it just doesnt work at all considering online is filled with ruiners of fun. They just released another update very similar to this concept which doesnt help Rockstar at all. But TakeTwo, Rockstars parent company, decided to really dig their grave. They sent a cease and desist to OpenIV, a tool which lets you mod GTA V, and thus they had to take it down. This, for me, is what ticked me off. They just openly shut down modding with almost no warning whatsoever. They completely ruined the game with their free updates and now they really ruined it. With all that said, I do not recommend this game for 60 or really any price at all. Rockstar only cares about the money they earn from online that they dont cater to others. They still have yet to released a singleplayer DLC which was promised a couple of years back. Innocent people are getting banned left and right for no reason while cheaters still lurk in the online mode. This game does not deserve your time, especially not the online mode. The story is really good but only enjoyable till you 100 it. Then you cant really do anything else considering you cant mod it anymore. This game is not worth 60 or even 20. Oh how the mighty have fallen. 