As a single player experience I could highly recommend GTA V, it has a few flaws in that there are very few ways to make money outside of the big heists and crucially, there has not been one single piece of single player dlc since its release. But largely the game is incredibly engaging and very very good looking.Where his game fails is its online mode which has taken over completely and continues to receive free updates fairly regularly. It all started very promising and as you can I have enjoyed this game immensely having put more hours into this than many other titles in my collection. But the GTA online community is rife with cheaters, hackers, trolls and all manner of useless people who are absolutely set on ruining your experience of this game. The other party intent on wrecking an otherwise AAA title is R themselves. They do seemingly nothing to prevent or deter people hacking and ruining this game and mechanics that punish honest players remain in place since day one if someone runs you over repeatedly for example and you decide to destroy their vehicle, your player must pay a  value of that players car for the privelage. The game continues to protect trolls and cheaters who do not earn their money and so do not care to play fairly or feel the effects of the puny punishments the game has to offer undesirable behaviour. New content comes with increasingly larger price tags, whilst the methods of generating money do not seem to scale accordingly, again rewarding cheaters with brand new game balance destroying tools at no cost to themselves.GTA online is an mmo which requires a lot of time invested to enjoy all it has to offer, but you a routinely punished by the game or its player base making for a largely unenjoyable experience. I have spent the past 6 months playing GTA online, completely solo, as other players are simply guaranteed to wreck your hard work. I think this should speak volumes about the game, especially considering there are forums and tutorials on how to deliberately join a public lobby which you need to do to take part in most activities whilst simultaneously blocking other users from joining you.