Singleplayer is what youd expect from a GTA game. Some people will prefer some of the original GTAs to this one, but it is mostly a matter of preference. About my only major gripe is that your main cashflow in the singleplayer is from doing missions that you can only do once. as in, you only get the monetary reward once. Wouldve liked to see more openworld moneymaking opportunitiesThis review is a downvote because of GTA Online. This game is fine for the singleplayer component, but GTA Online is a gigantic steaming pile of e. Making GTA multiplayer fun seems like something just about anyone could do, but somehow Take 2 Not Rockstar, from my understanding they have very little involvement with GTA Online have screwed it up.Its a gigantic goddamn grind. This is the biggest issue. Each new addition to the game via updates has cost an unbelievable amount of money. You think that 60 Shark Card for 8 million ingame bucks is gonna get you a lot of stuff? Nope! Maybe when the game launched, that wouldve been the case, A tank will cost like 23 million but NOT in its current state. Each new thing they add vehicles are the worst offender to spend your money on will typically cost several million dollars to buy, and even more to fully maximise generally each update will come with 4050 million dollars worth of stuff to buy. My jaw hit the floor when I saw that a single mod for a Lowrider could set me back half a million dollars. That should be, what... Around 3.50? 3.50 for ONE vehicle mod out of dozens of slots?! And people thought horse armor was bad value for money!Some will try to justify this by saying that its free updates well, not for singleplayer, I think Lowriders was the last online update with anything for SP. I guess those 5 mins to port weapons to Ammunation in SP was costing too much money, but that is still no excuse for the INSANE costs, and allow me to remind you its also why this games pricetag has not deprecated at all since launch. Its still selling as a full price game. I would much, MUCH rather have this game be half the price than it is now, than have GTA Onlines support for the past several years. Id trade that in an instant, and I dont even personally stand to gain from slashing the pricetag because I already own the game.Other problems with GTA Online? Hackers, loads of them and the grind has only encouraged them more. On servers hackers will have dozens of people sucking up to them hoping for cash to get spawned in, too. Take 2s mod policy has not served to slow them down at all, and has only hit fairly innocent modders in the process rather than proper hackers.They also have some kind of aversion for adding to and improving systems that already exist For example, Heists? We havent gotten a single new Heist since they launched. VIPs and the buisness stuff? Instead of improving what they already have, they added numerous different pointless variants on them that work completely differently, rather than improving the systems. Openworld events That were actually one of the best things to happen to GTA Online in, like, forever? IIRC ONE extra got added. Each GTA Online update doesnt actually make GTA Online better, it makes GTA Online bigger, with content that doesnt fit into it very well and is barely ever improved after release. I should correct myself Adversary Mode is the exception, it gets a new bonus mode around every single damn update. Seriously, how many Adversary Modes are there at this point?! THIRTYFIVE?! Holy talk about a fractured playerbase! Does Take Twos CEO just do nothing else in his spare time but play Adversary Mode or something? Why do they love it so much? !Dont let this review stop you from buying the game for singleplayer unless you really dont want to support take2, in which case go for it and boycott this if you want to, but if you are factoring multiplayer into your purchase, dont. Its of little if not zero value whatsoever. 