I have no grievances with the singleplayer portion of this game, however the online practices that take place leave a sour tang in my mouth.I most definitely dont take moneymaking or online nearly as serious as others around the block, but the time I have spent specifically on trying to make a profit has been miserable. The money you make through being an associate or bike club member is extremely negligible at best if you dont want to spend hours upon hours doing the same jobs over and over again. I play with two other people, one who owns a corp and one who owns an MC. Because of this, we decided that I would get a hanger for smugglers run so we could open an avenue for me to start making some actual money. Just today I decided to buy the 200k shark card 5 in USD to stipend the last chunk of change needed to buy the cheapest hangar.After buying the card, I immediately went into the game to purchase the hanger. When I got through the intro to it and went upstairs to the computer however, it told me that I needed to either be an active MC head, CEO, or VIP 50k for 4 hours of access.While Im sure this doesnt seem like a huge deal to many of those invested in GTAO, especially since the cheapest mc is only 200k, and will probably be what I purchase next I found the lack of knowledge of this stipulation beforehand to be incredibly frustrating. The money could be made easily enough through heisting, but thats not exactly my cup of tea. I like doing MC or CEO missions as a partner in patches to kill time and prod conversation with friends, but as a primary source of revenue they only seem profitable if you devote a lot of time to them. Adding onto that, the money just feels completely wasted for now until I scrape together another 200k through my prefered methods to buy a clubhouse.This seems to be a theme with the online section of the game. New things are added all the time, with exorbitant prices being a staple of the new content. Meanwhile, the gameplay is consistently just not engaging or fun. This might just come down to my personal preference but the jobs mini gamemodes along the lines of TDM and races, along with entirely new ideas dont pay enough to justify the actual enjoyment gotten from them. So, if the majority of content doesnt pay well unless you buy into it heists, corps, etc what can a new player do to make cash quick?Shark cards.Leading back to what I said before with the price tags of new content, the real world money that goes into buying them is absurd. The 100 shark card gives you 8 million, a balance quickly eaten up by expensive vehicles and businesses.Im not asking for things to be handed to me on a silver platter by any means, but the disparity between the actual fun I get from playing the game and the money required to do interesting content is jarring.If youre looking for a fun singleplayer experience or only want to use the online to drive around with friends, this game is pretty good. As far as actually getting invested in online? Not worth it in my book.Update as of September 28th, 2017The game has started to stutter quite violently a couple of minutes after loading in every time I attempt to play the game. Were talking straight and smooth framerate tanking to powepoint levels of speed. Looking around online, I cannot find a fix that works for me but I have found that this has been an issue plauging the PC port since 2015. This is beyond miserable and if it wasnt for the people I play with I would drop the game entirely. 