Let me preface this review by saying that, in no way, is your experience of GTA going to be ruined by the option of buying shark cards. Shark cards are just useless things you can buy for a little boost if you want to, but are nearly useless and a waste of money. Money that you can easily earn through doing heists and adversary modes.Now that thats out of the way, let me list some pros and cons.Pros single playerExtremely well put together Voice acting is incredible they even got real gang members to voice some of the in game gang members Consistent storyline, one that makes you feel like its almost real and happening right now. Immersive characters. I honestly felt oddly attached to each character by the end of the story. Cons single playerSometimes kind of rarely AI may glitch out during a mission and cause a mission failure. Saving the game can be very clunky and odd to do at some points. Pros MultiplayerVery very fun with friends, and fun making new ones too. Easy to pick up and learn, you really cant be outmatched by a high level player, as long as youre skilled and have a gun. Very fun and rewarding heists. The most recent heists to come out, the doomsday heist, was extremely fun in my opinion and really showed what R can do with this heist concept. Easy to level up and earn cash if youre doing heists and adversary modes often. Endless replayability. Cons multiplayerSometimes hackers can be a bother, whether it be by turning on god mode and slumping you, or dropping unwanted cash on you. This can really just be avoiding by joining a new session. Barely any cash can be made unless youre doing heists, adversary modes, and running supplies, so if youre planning on hopping into online and getting some good cars and stuff instantly, you might wanna be ready to grind a little. Pros generalBeautifully put together world, amazing graphics and attention to detail. You dont need a great computer to run it. I used to have a nVidia 840m kinda eh gpu and could run this game at medium 5060 fps. Gunplay, driving, and flying mechanics and controls are smooth and responsive. Cons generalSometimes walking and climbing mechanics can be odd, but thats easily overlooked and not that big of a deal. My final reviewSingle player 9.5/10Multiplayer 8.5/10Gameplay mechanics 9/10Graphics 10/10 its a 2013 game that looks better than some 2017 games ffsReplayability 10/10 