Singleplayer is amazing. The story, characters, map. Even after playing over and over again its still entertaining. I like it way more than the GTA 4s story. this is the reason why I dont recommend the game, because I think that most people nowadays buy the game mainly because of the online. Dont get me wrong I used to love it, played over 400 hours of pure online, everything was awesome, I thought that this is the perfect multiplayer game, they are constantly updating it and there is a lot of stuff  which has become the problem. A year and a half ago, everything was more or less balanced, the prices were reasonable. After the Import/Export things were getting drastically different. Looked like this to meThen Gunrunning. Again, my overall feelingsHow I felt about Smugglers RunThe prices of the content added were skyrocketing, if you wanted to truly enjoy the game, you had to either make money all day long if you wanted to be a fair dude that doesnt hack, which is by the way, another big problem with this game, or buy some cards that are horribly overpriced. At this point I didnt have time to play all day long, I didnt want to hack and I totally didnt want to spend twice the price of the game on some cards, so I stopped playing. Since then, Ive been ignoring the game, not watching any videos and not paying attention to the updates. Sometimes, when I notice that theres an update, I come back for a couple of minutes and look how a vehicle with a couple of missiles costs over 4 millions. Now another heist update, you might think thisThe reality, however, looks like thisAnd as a person who doesnt have that much time to play anymore, I cant enjoy the content anymore. Another problem with this game are the hackers. I finally am thrown into a lobby after 10 minutes of loading, I see that I am immediately teleported to an airport from my house with a couple of other people and I am stuck doing some rather strange animations. I always report the guy when I find out who it is, but it doesnt seem to help. Ive heard some heartbreaking stories of people getting banned for no reason, this luckily hasnt happened to me yet. 