Its a shame you can only give one review per game, as this really does need two.Firstly  Single player. There is not much to say about it that hasnt already been said. It is one of the best I have ever played. I am not new to the GTA franchise, and have always held San Andreas on a ridiculously high pedastal, but I would say that this game has exceeded everything San Andreas held for me. The story is immersive, the characters are unique, insane and well built. There is plenty to do and more than enough to keep you coming back way after the final heist is complete. It is one of the best games of all time and every gamer should have this in their library I somehow own it over 2 consoles plus PC.However  I also have to include a review of online play in here too. Which is where I become torn. I have spent many hours online, doing various heists with friends, completed CM, grinding CEO, MC, bunkers, hangers ... grinding  endlessly.The problem is that everything in the game is now so expensive that its becoming obvious Rockstar are trying to push people into buying Shark Cards to be able to afford everything the game has to offer without spending days/weeks/months killing your soul with grinds  or cheat.Leading me on to issue number two with online play  other people. Hackers, cheaters, trolls, idiots. EVERYWHERE. And with the introduction of the new prep missions for the new heists, involving running around in free mode fully visable to all of the above, you have to luck out and find yourself in a session with some reasonable and quiet people  if not, some idiot with a tank/hydra/other form of destruction, will float in and mess up your day  or cost you all the supplies youve spent hours grinding did i mention grinding?. Oh, or hit you with the unavoidable death ray from his/her facility.I love playing the heists with my friends, I enjoy the odd supply run to kill time, and dont get me wrong online play is ok. But .... sighI want to both thumbs up and down this game. For different reason. However, in the end I do think there is enjoyment to online, if youre lucky. But the overall near perfection of the single player mode means I cant not recommend GTA V. 