Ahem....Dear Rockstar,I was playing your game last christmas when i could actually play it due to my new PC. I started playing online, and quickly realised that this game is a cashgrab. beach bum dlc weapons were like 1k each. now, weapons even pistols, are upwards of 10k just so that rockstar can get more money from shark cards. I said,  this and downloaded an online trainer, gave myself an empire! lodes of mone! and what do you know? I get banned a few days later! one month for a first crime! i am extremely impatient, so I uninstalled GTA for a while. When i see my ban had passed on Feb. 2nd, 2017, I felt relief! i install GTA which took about an eternity and a half, and I cant log in! i contact their  support and an hour later i get a response! your account  no longer exists. Best regards, Rockstar Support   REGARD MY  YOU S!!!! So now I no longer play GTA not that i can, but I stopped not only due to being banned, but because grand theft auto is just a cashgrab. free DLCMicrotransactions. people are whining about battlefront 2 having microtransactions, yet GTA 5 was the first. It did it before it was cool. Now with the new dlc, i can see that there may never be a 6th installment. and im fine with that. GTAs only playerbase is retard lets players and little kids who shouldnt even touch ing webkins thats how old they are. they are barely alive and playing GTA like it is the only way to live. I got the trainer to give myself money. thats it. thats all I did and I got a month ban for it. you rockstar.Rockstar, you can go royally  yourself for being a load of scamming s who make deals withcompanies to not let players have fun with a game once its over. with OPEN4 dying and your reviews on steam turning to mush, i wish you good luck with the future and by that i mean I hope you go bankrupt and your entire office building gets a jet straight through the lounge just like we could never do ingame.GAME REVIEWStory 0/10   pretty ing cliche for a GTA game GTA IV was ing way better even though it was tediousCharacters  0/10   see abovecustomisation 2/10  you can change shoes and other things youll never pay attention to!vehicles 0/10   they dont have any cool cars that arent DLC see belowDLC 0/10   first few could be played in SP, but now everything that attracted me to the DLC the cars is MP only, so you have to deal with hackers trying to blow up your new car on the way to your  apartmentand now, the part youve all been waiting for!M U L T I P L A Y E RMP is they start you off with clothes and a pistol. no house. no car. nothing. cheapest house? 100k. heists are level restricted so  that way of making money. everything else is expensive. they make you pay to progress. its a pay to play AND a pay to win game. congrats! its a Turd!you can get banned for giving yourself money, but the people who are somehow level 2000 in the lobby arent banned for reasons and such.other players? oh well here are some typesThe murdererThe Hide and Go Seek kidThe killerThe MurdererThe Rich MurdererSee the difference? there is none. youll get run over by a supercar, shot by a hydra jet, or RDMd by a little kid with his dads PayPal.This is why you should never ing consider buying grand theft auto. I made that mistake and I regret it to this day.thanks a  ing lot rockstar you really managed to ruin something that had amazing potential like fallout 4 or other games that could be good but turned out bad. your games reviews are currently all negative, and you havent made a good game or any game in 4 years since this turd came out. yeah its been 4 years. talk about beating a dead horse well heres your example folks! your companys practically built on this game and the supports are falling. people are going to other games with greater value and potential. this game has been 60 for 4 years and has barely ever gone on sale.Please, please for the love of all that is holy, DO NOT GET THIS STEAMING BAG OF 4 YEAR OLD TRASH it is a vacuum for money and youll regret your purchasehonestly, I could go on for ages but Im afraid Ill have to cut it shorthey rockstar! lemme intimidate you for the end of my review! Best regards, Doctor Professor Patrick Ex tar consumer and sucker you Rockstar. you. Seriously. 