Hackers run this game, and Rockstar will do nothing about them. They will come into your session and wreak havok on anything you try to do. They will spawn campfires on you so you die repeatedly, force eject you out of airplanes while on missions, and generally be a pain in the neck. And they are EVERYWHERE.Then when they finally do a ban wave, its only a temporary ban, and they ban not only the hackers, but anyone the hackers have messed with. A favorite pastime of hackers is spawning money bags on peoples heads. Have that happen to you? Ban hammer. Get into a car with someone whos been hacking? Ban hammer. Pick up a hackers gun laying on the ground that has 9999 ammo? Ban hammer. This happens waaaaay more often than it should. Expect to see this at least once per play sessionThey will not appeal bans, but they will reset ALL of your progress to zero, and then kindly inform you that the best way to get your stuff back is to buy their Shark Cards. Yes, thats right. Right in the Youve been banned message you get, they deliberately tell you that Shark Cards are immune from ban resets. Imagine that.All of this, and I havent even touched on the plethura of other bugs that make the entire thing feel like an underfunded college devs side project. Before you can load into online, you have to load the single player. The loading times are outrageous, and you have to sit through two of them before getting into online. Any time you get disconnected from online and trust me, its going to happen more often than youd like thanks to hacker crashings sessions you get booted back to the single player... which you have to wait on to load... then you get to wait to load back into another online session. The money grind is extremely slow, to the point of taking 2  4 days worth of grinding for a single car. This isnt necessarily a bad thing, but when vehicles cost 5  6 million, and an 8 million Shark Card cost 99 of real money... you might see where I take issue with that.Overall, I cannot support a comany that acts this way. I grew up playing GTA, but I will die never having purchased another.