TLDR, I havent played the SP campaign and this is a MP reviewRemember APBReloaded? That game where you would get completely screwed if you didnt put 20 here and there for awesome vehicule and OP weapons? Well, here you can pay 60 for a 4 years old game with a business model just as bad as a failing F2P game. But surely it cant be that bad right? OOOHHH NO. You see, one of the great things about GTAO is that its getting updated once every 3 to 6 months which is okay I guess? Wheres the downside? Well, every updates content is locked behind a paywall that is unreachable for any new player, casual gamer and people who dont have a dedicated group of friend to efficiently spam the Heist missions, which gives you about 250 000 per hour on a solid run. 250k cant be that bad right? well nah,every major updates comes with a new organisation which is a worst investment for making money than just farming heist at the cost of 1m to 5m every new vehicules, which is like the only thing to spend money on, can cost from 1M for a normal, pimped out vehicules to 5m for the special vehicules that came out with the last update.So now, we are at about 4 hours of farming heists with maximum efficiency to buy ONE new item from an update. Or you can spend like 20 of microtransaction to get 1.25M dollar.Wheres the outrage? Most of the updates can total up to 40 MILLION DOLLAR IN ITEM if you want to own everything, which with the 8m/100 card, sums up a 500 Bill or 160 hours of nonstop farming heists since remember, its the most efficient way of farming money.Honestly as a new player, you are beyond screwed at this point since most of the player nowaday got everything from hacker who dropped money on them and/or are level 100 which means they have all the weapons that can obliterate a fresh character.Alright, gameplay wise now. The gunplay feels terrible, firefight feels more like luck than skills because of how the ping affect the game. Almost nobody plays the missions, you saw that trailer with like 20 people parachuting down a mountain? well youre never gonna experience that. period. All the 3 organization missions, which luckily are more rewarding than just spamming the vanilla missions, require you to pay at least 1 million  to make and player can destroy your progress if they feel like it. Every lobby is either composed of 1 or multiple hacker or some nolife who play since the beginning of time with a fighter jethydra and just goes around, killing everybody without anything you can do, no matter if you are level 1 or level 100 with every weapons in the game, the jet guy will just outsmart you.But not everything is bad, sometime you will get a friendly hacker doing stupid fun stuff or some roleplayer who will make everyone in the lobby hang out together which can be very fun BUT these things are VERY RARE. Usualy people will just mind their own business, scattered all around the map and most of the time will either ignore you or throw a C4 in your face if you get in their way.So yeah, this game is dying, everything in multiplayer is so outrageously out priced that youre better off buying microtransactionbut if I was you, I wouldnt buy the game at all. half of the community are s, most of the time when you try to join a MP lobby, you will get below 10 person lobby and when you join a full, 30 people lobby, either theres a hacker or everyone speak a language that you dont understandhalf of the time its mandarin, the other half its either russian, french and sometime german. you will get completely destroyed by anyone who wants to mess with you and no matter how good you are at gaming, you wont be able to fight back because of the underpowered weapons from under level 80.Tough luck if you want to join in 