Lets face it, this is one of the greatest video game franchise in the world, It offers a literal new world of things to do, and even if you have beaten the story line, trust me, its only the beginning. The game introduces 3 main characters and their story together. Here you are truly greeted with a deep characters development, which is a great thing in gaming. You have a huge map, and if you would walk from one side to the other, you would take maybe a day, a real day, so make use of the huge arsenal of vehicles the game offers, right there, for you to take. A large array of missions spread out to all the 3 main characters, with each one also offering side quests, that make you take a break from the main story, but also to have some real fun. After the story, you enter the realm of the GTA V online, and here is where the world you already knew expands immensely, you have to create a new character, a personal character, and develop it based on your choices. Do jobs, race other players this new world is your oyster. And if you just want to kick hookers in the face or just fly around in your private jet, you can, you have total freedom to do what you want. Many gaming modes, from team deathmatchs, to survivals, from parachuting down a mountain and seeing whos better at it. Races on water, land and air, or why not all of them in the same race. Raids and the alltime favorites, Heist, where you must plan your heist with your team, and execute the stages of it until the ultimate conclusion. A huge gaming community with some offering to help, and others not so much, but you can always find someone to play with you, or to just murder you in plain sight, it will be a surprise most of the time. Its open to community built maps, so youll never run out of things to play or do, because some gamers also like to build maps for other to enjoy, and youll have fun trying what craziness came from your fellow gamers. Want to run a motorcycle gang? Or buy a Bunker and start your own Gunrunning business, hey do you want a Hangar to store your planes and start a smuggling ring? You can. The options are near endless, and even you get near that end, Rockstar keeps it fresh by introducing something else new and the cycle begins again. Or you can simple jump on your mini sub and explore the ocean and discover some of its secrets, or bike to the top of mount Chiliad and maybe spot a wandering UFO. The waiting time in lobby to gather enough players for a game, sometimes can take a bit.GTA V is that special game, that almost every gamer must have in their library. Starting in the great and well written storyline, to the action packed content in the online mode. You can lose yourself in this game in a good way. And simply have fun. Or just invade a military base and watch for how long can you survive, thats always a good challenge. This game deserves a 9 out 10 in my book of reviews, and I simply cant wait what Rockstar will introduce next!Enjoy Guys and Girls, and if this review helped you in any way please leave me a Thumbs up, i would appreciate it immensely.Join me on Curate This  A Honest Review at 