I bought this game solely for the modding and now that OpenIV was given a cease and desist letter, this seems to be the next step and boldest so far in antimodding. I am outraged by this and urge anyone reading this to take a stand against this now before companies think they can get away with more of this. Companies should encourage modding, as it keeps the games alive, played, and enjoyed far beyond the amount of time that they would be vanilla. Take a look at skyrim and minecraft, just to use two examples. Anybody that has put as much time as I have into those games can vouch that they would have gotten bored with them FAR before had they not supported modding. The only reasons I can possibly think of to be against modding is in competitive games, where exploits could give one player a massive advantage over others, or in a system that relies heavily upon microtransactions. This one fits in the latter category and if anyone tells you otherwise, they are a fool. In a game that most people play for singleplayer, getting rid of mods is a terrible idea that can only possibly be justified with the shallow excuse that you then wont make as much money off of the microtransactions. Say what you will, but I say that in a full price game, microtransactions that affect anything other than cosmetics do nothing but negatively impact the community. Microtransactions belong in free to play games, or for purely cosmetic changes. They do not belong in full price games, and they CERTAINLY do not belong in games that need to sacrifice their long history of supporting great mods and enjoyable experiences just to make the company even more money. Making money should be a goal for a game company, but they should not have to sacrifice morals, gameplay, or fun to do so. This all being said, I strongly urge you to not purchase this game. If you are looking for an open world sandbox game you can have extensive fun with, I cannot recommend this game without mods. If you need an alternate game, I would recommend saints row 3 as the developers arent trying to get rid of the vast majority of their fanbase. 