Bought a copy through the Social Club by accident and found out instantly upon installation that it was from an outside source that controls your keys. I didnt much appreciate that but the game was still there, despite not having steam achievements or integration. So I purchased it again on steam only to find that it has the same Social Club garbage plaguing it as well. Now, apparently you cant share an account with another user and play at the same time despite having two copies of the damn thing so you move along to customer support and they say they can fix it but end up transferring the Steam key to another account so youre left with the initial crap version you didnt want without telling you. Then they move you to another employee later on to tell you that they could only transfer the Steam version because it was purchased last. Theyll suggest you link your steam account with the user that theyre transferred your key to while losing your progress even though there is no option to and insist they cannot do anything about it even though theyre in full control of your account. It took me two weeks with short and single responses during this period to get nowhere so basically I purchased two copies for cryptic responses so I still cant use either version nor can I get a refund because of their slow responses. Being forced through an outside source is a major flaw that puts this  corporation in control which I wont be doing again with any other purchases. Avoid Rockstar purchases at all costs.The story mode was terrible, boring with a bunch of FMV cutscene filler. I got it for online to play with someone else but there really isnt anything to do there some races that are like playing Hot Wheels for little kids, pointtopoint races, run around and shoot eachother for no reason mode, heists that feel as though youre accomplishing nothing, transform races another kid mode, basically. The only part of the online experience that is eyecatching is being able to drive around together which gets old really fast being that you can go into a select number of places marked on the map and the others are all like those little plastic car toysets from the 80s store fronts with stickers on the front to tell you what they are with no interior. Theyve really made no improvements over the last.... 56 years? And the game still sucks.2/10. Even their radio humor has dwindled to the point of just being annoying. This game is basically a moneygrab thats been going on for years push out new content that isnt really new, same old just to keep that price tag up to 60 and try to entice users to buy their useless money content. 