Fantastic story arcs with great character development. This game has a cast of unique characters that are fun to explore and play as. Watching them interact with the world is a lot of fun in and of itself cough, Trevor, cough. Each one has a unique approach to different situations. The story is interesting and keeps you gripped with every mission. Only few missions dont really match up to the rest of them Scouting the Port, but theyre few and far between. The inclusion of the stock market, and being able to manipulate it by taking out figure heads of rival companies, is also a unique aspect to the game that if played correctly can make you millions even billions. The problem is, there isnt much to spend it on. Overall though, its an interesting and fun experience that will keep you playing for hours. Hackers left an right run freely and ruin everyone elses gaming experience, calling themselves trolls. Moderators ban the people affected by the hack instead of the hacker. Everything is expensive as hell. All the content for Gunrunning bunkers, vehicles, etc. total up to an estimated 43 million. To put that into realworld money terms, every 8 million ingame dollars costs 140. 40/8 5 x 140  700. Every 500k ingame is five dollars. 3/0.5  6 x 5  30. So, for one free DLC, all the content would cost you 730. Thats ridiculous. Or alternatively, you could spend 500 hours ingame, spending all the money you make on one part of the game. This was done by Rockstar to incentivise people into spending their hardearned money on their  microtransactions. ing scummy as hell. 12 yearolds flame in voice chat NONSTOP. Trying to get a contract done is absolutely impossible because as soon as someone is alerted that youre trying to move a shipment, everyone in the server is chasing you down with fighter jets, just to blow up your cargo and  you over. Tech support is absolutely zero help. Trying to appeal bans just gives you an automated response from a rude bot, and human employees are probably less help than the prewritten response from bots. Money is sometimes randomly deducted for your account because reasons.If youre going to buy this game for its singleplayer, wait till it goes on sale. Its got a great storymode, but nothing to spend fullprice for. 