Everyone involved in creating GTA V Congratulations, you made a fun, immersive, addicting game.To the point now, yeah? I have the same issue as everyone else the game is basically 4 years old and there is still no such thing as singleplayer DLC. It could not be more obvious that this game is maliciously designed to be a black hole for the gamers money not just ingame money. Everything in the game seems to have been amazingly made to be as lifelike as possible EXCEPT for EVERYTHING that costs money to the player, as they cost two arms and two legs. I understand that a profit has to be made, but honestly it sickens me that after 4 years, still the game is 60 on Steam. YOUVE MADE HALF A BILLION DOLLARS IN REVENUE!! The irony could not be better explained in that your new Oppressor vehicle DLC translates to around 25 US currency per person. That thing was so simple to create that it probalby took 1 developer 1 day to make, and thats just one vehicle out of countless others available its oppressing the everyday gamer. Whereas, for any other game DLC on Steam you can get a whole new map plus weapons etc. for the same price, which likely required multiple developers working for weeks and weeks. Comparatively, THIS DLC IS REALLIFE HIGHWAY ROBBERY. To put all of this into context, if you bought this game recently, you will confront a plethora of DLC vehicles and addons which will render you useless in the online realm, and if you have any hope of combatting them, be prepared to shed out another 100 at least for the Rockstar/TakeTwo scam that is Shark Cards. Either that, or be prepared to spend months grinding to get that ingame cash yourself. Im glad that the Steam community rose up against the devs, especially in light of the recent modder bans that eradicated both guilty and innocent players without appeal because it apparently threatened the companys profit. As if it wasnt worth the trouble to develop anticheat into the game to show their players some respect. Just absolutely sickening. Dont expect any of these negative aspects to change, because the developers are only going to focus on how to rob us all over again in their next games from here on out. 