Thought Id pitch in my two cents since everyone seems to be getting vocal about the sad state of this game. Maybe it will change something.Last summer I played GTA Online a lot, thinking the best was yet to come content wise. I still to this day want to play it, even though Im so disappointed with the situation, almost purely because the world is so vast and engaging. The content is good when its good. I had a lot of fun doing heists with a few good folks from Reddit way back when. But as the updates came, they seemed to get more and more expensive. Tens or even hundreds of millions of dollars needed to experience a good portion of the content.And at least its getting interesting and back to actual Grand Theft Auto content now that the stunt race stuff is over. I havent played hardly any of the new content, but stuff like CEOs and bikers sounds interesting. The smuggling thing seems neat. Import/Export is literally grand theft auto. Sweet. Cool. But the majority of it is so out of reach because of cost. Enter Strong pressure to resort to microtransactions.And that cost barrier would be...alright, I guess, if it werent for the other reason this game is not enjoyable the toxic playerbase, who truly show that a few bad apples can spoil the whole barrel.I discovered last night, my first foray into getting back into the game, that I have to do CEO work in a public lobby. Does Rockstar know what a cesspit public lobbies are? Its not just griefers and morons killing everything that moves, its hackers who are not just annoying  they make the game practically unplayable. They also risk getting you banned if you get caught in their wake by receiving hacked money, etc. Its impossible for Rockstar to be unaware of how awful public lobbies are. So why force people to play in them? I dont really know what their logic is.GTAV is one of the most deep and engaging game worlds Ive ever encountered, yet to experience all the new content that Im willing to invest time into, I have to experience it by paying for it, or by meticulously grinding, and in the worst way possible by forcing me to experience it with the vile scum and villany that is a public session.All the potential of this game that took thousands of hours to create is held back by a dev team that seems largely focused on microtransactions as opposed to quality, enjoyable gameplay, and is completely uninterested in player feedback.And now theres this news about OpenIV being shut down. Thats not on Rockstar from what I understand, but its still really disappointing. With the way Online has been heading, with absolutely no change in sight, the only thing this game seemed to have left for it was the mod potential. I really enjoyed LSPDFR But now looks like thats gone too. No online mods I totally understand, but taking away single player mods is beyond excessive.tldr  So much potential for this work of art of a videogame, almost entirely put to waste by a dev team that couldnt care less.