ONLINE REVIEW FROM SOMEBODY WHO HAS ONLY PLAYED 3.5 HRS.Questions/Concerns I had before buying this game..How prevalant are hackers and am I REALLY going to come across one?Is there going to be a fun progression where it will take a while of me learning the mechanics and increasiong my skills in order to have fun and do crazy stuff?Are Heists even that cool?Why are there so many negative reviews?Alot of games have negative reviews but are still good, so why would this one be any different?Will I be able to cover my guy in tattoos biggest concern?NOW, here is what happened when I bought the game....start online mode, run around for a bit, doing the online missions with Lamar.  Wasnt really what I wanted to do, but I appreciate prologues and missions that help you get used to the mechanics of the game.  Found a tattoo shop.  Was disapointed in the quality and diversity of the tattoos.  Only had 13,000 in total so I couldnt even get that many.  Exited the game and was ready to start actually playing the next day and make some money.Next Day Log on, ask the chat if anybody would be willing to help a noob.  Two guys said yes.  Awesome.  They brought me to a store and told me to rob it.  Go inside....BAM, instantly respawned with a bunch of other players to the middle of the street.  NO idea whats going on.  Guys Im with say yep, heres a hacker.  He lets us free.  Bam, spawns us in a bank and we cant escape.  MEANWHILE, my bank account is rising extremely fast and I now have all the guns.  Hacker kept us in there for a good 57 minutes.  Released us and brought us to the top of a mountain? He spawned in cars for us and I drove mine down the mountain.  Respawns us again to a boat yard of some sort.  Other players keep killing me and I keep respawning at this boatyard.  Final hack, he spawns me on a bird and Im just sitting on it while flying over the ocean.  Cant commit suicide.  Cant move.  Cant do anything.  I ask nicely for him to put me down.  Takes a while, but he respawns me back at the boat yard.Now that I have aton of money, all the guns and realize that hackers do exist and its quite annoying to deal with them, I cant play the game how I wanted it to be played.  People in chat were saying that I should be grateful he gave me all the money and guns because now I dont have to worry about the money grind.  I feel differently obviously.  I wanted to grind.  I wanted to learn how to get better and better at the game.  But now, Ill probably never go back online.  Should you get the game? Nah.