Ive given this some long and hard thought. Ill start with the good things.Its beautiful, large chunks of it have wonderful attention to detail. The enormous open world that can sometime look photorealistic in the right light and distance is great. The ability to run a wanton criminal empire is great, the driving is alot of fun and loving detail has gone into the sheer number of different cars, bikes, planes and boats available. There is an in game purchase system, that isnt lootbox based. A bunch of the missions and races and whatnot are good fun in coop and theres lots to do. Im hooked, and may be coming back to it a long time, if the annoyances below dont kill it for me eventually.Unfortunately, theres so much wrong with it that I cant possibly give it a positive review.1. Ridiculously expensive.The in game purchase system is preposterously expensive, and dramatically unbalanced. Eight million ingame dollars buys you very little indeed, and rockstar has the gall to charge you 75, euros for that. Its ridiculous. Ive found myself paying it though, but it gives one a feeling of disgust and dirtiness. Rockstar does not get my sympathy and I will think three times before ever buying another of its games.2. New players.If you havent spent say 200 euros on in game dollars, youre ed. There is nothing to help new players into the online version of the game and the complete lack of any sort of balancing means that you will be constantly slaughtered in ambushes or one sided exchanges in freemode untill you reach end game levels of cash which you need to bring something like 500 euros to do or thousands of hours of gameplay and even then you will still be subject to the general freemode balance problems.3. Balance.Heavy military hardware is far to cheap, relatively. Freemode is dominated by s flying gunships hiding and griefing anyone who is trying to make some in game money which they dont really need anymore since theyve already got all the cool gizmos. Freemode pvp gameplay is a sequence of onesided exchanges and ambushes and respawning is so close together that after the first death its just a matter who spots who with a sniper rifle first. Its inane. Rockstar needs to look at open world pvp games and learn from them. APB has a system which is far from ideal, but dramatically better than whats going in in GTA online freemode.4. Hackers.Theyre incessant and constant. Rockstar doesnt seem to want to do anything about it. You cant tell me that its impossible to put a sanity check on the means by which someone was killed or what happened in the minute or so before someone switched sessions. Or they should talk to the OpenIV developer and include anticheat code in that software. if you cant detect tanks being dropped on a helicopter in mid air, youre incompetent, rockstar.5. Story mode.No female character? Seriously you cant write a story which has three switchable characters ffs and you cant make one of them a woman? You have got to be kidding. Of all its numerous shortcomings, this is almost the most glaring. The previous four can be attributed to rockstars inexperience with online pvp environments, but not including a female character in the main storyline requires actual long term  vision. If story mode had a decent female character, I probably wouldnt visit online at all, its so full of jerks and hackers.Not catering to female gamers in the main story line and the intolerably bad protection of new players is really bad business by rockstar and Id be having a serious words with them if I was one of their financers.The sad thing is, most of this isnt all that hard to fix which could make it magnificent. As it stands, its just barely tolerable and since Ive run out of other games that are holding my attention, Ill stick with it untill something better comes along. It can hardly take long. 