Im hopping on the Take Two  you wagon, but in a more different and detailed way. At the time of writing this Ive played action packed, loading screen full, hacker full 700 hours. I got the game the same week it came out on PC. That being said, I think I have had a good experience on the changes, the negatives and positives that have evolved and died out during this period. To put it down simply these are the pros and consProsAmazing graphicsLoads of contentBig and diverse community.ConsLoading screenDrop out sessionModdersIm no diehard GTA franchise fan, but Ive played GTASA and I fell in love with the whole concept of running around in an open world and doing what you or your buddies desire  SAMP comes into play here . Because of previous successful games I decided to get GTA V as soon as it would come out for PC. If you are like me, a guy that likes to go through the story line without worrying about the collectables and side stories, the game will take you approximately 35 hours to complete. Which is fine, because I bought the game for the multiplayer, the heists, missions, races and free roam.ProsFor starters, this game is absolutely awesome to play. It has tons and tons of content and if you are creative you can expand upon the tools that are given and create even more content for you and for others. The game is optimized and graphically astonishing  with graphical mods you can enhance the graphics making it  even more enjoyable . If I managed to milk 750 hours from online, a guy that has little to no creativity, imagine what a person with creativity can accomplish.Id like to mention and talk about the sheer number of diversity that the community has. By diversity I mean sheer number of crews. Theres a crew for everyone. Whether you like racing, drifting or just chilling, theres a crew for almost everything.ConsThe two problems I experienced at the beginning were the loading screens that sometimes could last a good minute or two before loading you into online mode or crashing you back into single player and the occasional kick from an online session. Its not a game breaker, but sometimes these issues would get me quite annoyed, and by quite annoyed I mean uninstalling GTA V, because sometimes they were just too much. And Im sure it wasnt coming from my end, because all the other multiplayer games Ive played have ran silk smooth. Ive done quite a bit of research in this problem and I found out that it has to do with their net code and how they manage the online lobbies. The thing is, Rockstar are letting players host the lobbies themselves whilst putting filters, such as spikes in the packet loss. To keep things smooth, they limit the packet loss so that people with even the smallest problems get kicked out. Because of this, the loading screens are 9 years long meanwhile in third party multiplayer applications like FiveM, connecting between player and the server happens 10x faster, because the servers are hosted separately from the game.At the beginning of the PC GTA V lifespan the modders were not as prominent, they were there, but they werent as many and a big pain in theas they are now.The game breaking problem for me are the modders in this game. They started getting annoying about three months into the lifespan of GTA V PC. Money started dropping and people slowly didnt even bother to play heists or missions that give money, because, why should they? They can just enter a lobby, cry for money, and the next thing you see is money bags dropping everywhere. If I would compare this problem to an irl thing Id look at it as a growing tumour, because it had this snowballing effect that creates even more problems, the longer you let it grow. With every month, the game lost a bit of its richness and beauty it had. The few months into the game you could see people exploring, grinding heists and creating content via the content creator tool. Now almost everyone has the top 3 fastest cars, best skyscraper and garages full with random cars. Granted you could get all that stuff by now, but it leaves me confused, when lvl 20 has all this plus more.Now the socalled tumour has gotten big and cutting it off is not going to help at this current time period, because of the mentioned things above.  This couldve been prevented if Take Two or Rockstar acted much ing faster instead of patching the game with useless patches that would later get exploited again. Its not only Rockstar to blame, its also the creators at Youtube, the creators that spam videos that include ways to further exploit the game, instead of enjoying it. Most of the channels dont understand the consequences, the consequences in promoting something that could potentially ruin the game for others. All they see is money from those Youtube views.TL DRThe game had a huge potential but due to things like modders the possibilities are slowly dying out. At the very start of GTA V PC the pros outweighed the cons by A MILE, but now its getting worse and worse with every coming month. If I was writing this game a year ago Id recommend it, but now it just feels like its lived its life and just gasping for the final days. I do think Open IV removal was not the correct option, not because of the single player mods or whatever, but because it could potentially put end to modders in online. Granted they shouldve done it much ing faster, but I guess its better to do it later than never.