GRAND THEFT AUTO V ONLINE is an excellent game  when it works, unfortunately it has several serious flaws hence no recommendation from me.I bought this for its ONLINE content exclusively, I did not care for the single player campaign and spent only the time necessary to unlock the online content playing sp the tutorial, so this review is strictly a review for GTA ONLINE, not the single player version and not the game in whole.First off, GTA ONLINEs coop is fun, probably the most Ive ever had in any multiplayer coop game. The game world is huge and immersive and the possiblities simply amazing.Unfortunately there are some serious flaws that seriously screw up the gameplay experience1. Connectivity issues and no, its not my internet, ALL other internet games work perfectly. Network connection is frequently lost and you are tossed into single player mode and have to load Online mode again takes several minutes. This often happens when loading co op missions and you basically let the other players down. Also nice when you finished a job and it happens right before payout time. Thanks for nothing.2. Modders. GTAonline has a big modder community, and the regulation of cheaters is practically nonexistent. Other players that are overpowered and can play in God Mode can easily target new and weak players. Rockstar games also made it easy on themselves reporting cheaters comes with a dire warning report at your own risk, wrongly report players might result in termination of your account. Well how about you guys DO YOUR JOB, ROCKSTAR GAMES????3. Kicking out players from sessions. So, I got target by a group of 3 bullies. I retaliated which made them angry, so bully 1 decides to use the kick player option on me. Bully 2  3 do the same and youre gone. The other players kicked you from this session. But good luck trying to kick a modder from a session. Very unbalanced here.There are also microtransactions in GTAo but I will not criticize these because they are optional and not required to progress. The only problem is that progress is slow.WARNING! Money is hard to come by on your own  COOP IS MANDATORY IF YOU WISH TO PLAY GTA ONLINE PROPERLY. DO NOT BUY GTA V ONLINE SIMPLY FOR SINGLE PLAYER ONLINE UNLESS YOU ARE WILLING TO KEEP POURING MONEY INTO MICROTRANSACTIONS!With this said, I personally LOVE GTA ONLINE, but point 1  3 can be truly frustrating. 