Do you want an online gaming experience where you have to either grind for months or spend real money to have enough ingame cash for the car, house, or even the gun you want?Do you want an online gaming experience where the entire playerbase only exists to prevent you from grinding effectively?Do you want an online gaming experience full of hackers who will randomly and illegally give you and everyone else free money just because they can?Do you want an online gaming experience where paranoia over said hackers causes the devs to randomly and without warning adjust read steal millions of dollars out of your ingame account, even if you earned it legitimately or bought it directly from them?Do you want an online gaming experience where confronting the devs on their forums about this leads to them blocking your account and banning you from the servers?Of course not, because youre not a ing moron.Stay away from this mess.EDIT Okay so I feel like theres been a bit of confusion over what exactly happened, so let me describe the situation to the best of my abilities.I had 6 million dollars. I didnt buy a shark card. I didnt hack. I didnt exploit. I grinded for several hours using the methlab to get 6 million dollars legitimately. I was going for 10 million so I could buy a yacht. Stupid investment, I know, but I really wanted that damn boat.And I woke up one morning, and got a message that said that Rockstar noticed an anomalous cashflow pattern in my account, and they had adjusted it accordingly All my money, except for about 2000, was gone.I got in contact with a customer service rep on the forums, and she informed me that the server reported that I was earning way too much money way too quickly to be playing legitimately, and told me that if I wanted my money back, I should just buy a shark card. She refused to give me back my money, refused to transfer me to a superior, and warned me that if I didnt drop the issue, I would be banned for cheating.Admittedly, at this point I started testing her, so she left the chat, and when I tried to contact another customer service rep, I was unable to, because, as expected, I was permanently banned from the Rockstar forums. I also received a 2month ban from GTA Online.I know the singleplayers good. I know the game is polished, and I know that Im not the best player out there. This isnt about any of that. This is about a large game company using microtransactions to effectively hold hours worth of hard work for ransom.Rockstar has gone down the path of EA and Ubisoft in how much they treat their customers like dirt, and I dont want to just stand by and watch helplessly. I know this review isnt going to do anything, but its better than doing nothing. 