TLDR Amazing game held back by HORRIBLE microtransactions. Definately worth it if its on a good sale, but unless youre willng to pay hundreds to thousands on micro transactions, are ok with grinding which isnt TOO bad, but frustrating nonetheless, have a modding friend, or mod yourself, then freemode isnt very enjoyable. The albeit amazing singplayer game is not worth it for 69.99 canadian.CONSMONEYAs stated above, it simply is not worth the 70 bucks if you have no way of making money in freemode getting 20k doing jobs by other people, or stealing 2k from a store is pathetic. The freemode genuinely has enless hours of content with free DLC released years after original launch. The problem? The amount of fun you get depends on the money you have. DLCs cost money, vehicles cost money, weapons and ammo cost money, everything costs money. I am lucky enough to have a modding friend, and in turn limitless money though I dont take too much.. that would just make the game pointless. Freemode is the crown jewel of this game,,, IF you have the money for it. Otherwise, it is an utter waste of time after a couple hours unless you find a good modder.MODDERSYouve seen enough about this in the reviews... Some are s, very few are nice and help you with money or with someone who keeps spawn killing you, and most are annoying and spawn in random crap on you or turn on god mode, aimbot, etc.  which just ruins any purpose of being in a multiplayer session.NOTHING ELSEI genuinely have not a single other complaint... its just these two cons that ruin one of the best games ever made.PROSSINGLEPLAYEROne of the best singleplayer campaigns ever. Im nowhere near finishing it, but friends of mine have player hours upon hours of it, calling it the best singleplayer ever made. being an RPG fan.. hard to say that, but its still great. With amazing acting, interesting ways of teaching you the game, genuinely great animation considering how long it is, fun gameplay, genuinely funny moments if youre ok with dark humour, and a list that just goes on and on.EVERYTHING freemode only if you got moneyIts a huge map with limitless possibilites of stuff to do. There are the smallest things that they created... tennis which is pretty well done... like a 1.99 game on steam, golf havent done yet, shooting ranges, movie theatres, online websites including a show thats like an adult version of what you really see on a morning on Cartoon Network, and so many small details and things to do. There are also thousands of GTA races and games to do... Its unreal.This is easily one of the best games ever made... Or wouldve been.... If micro transactions werent so necessary to truly enjoy a huge portion of this game.