 Edited Review 06/24/17I originally posted this as a negative review in response to taketwos decision to send a cease  desist order to the dev of the openiv mod. while writing, his site still states that openiv has been shut down. i am also turning this into a positive review.openiv siteIf that has changed, look for the Take Two vs. Modding post on the above link.the download site  has a comment from a moderator stating that it seems openiv will be back and updated...I am no longer thumbing down this game. its a beautiful game to see  experience if youre not being spawn killed or trolled by script kiddies...and if the corporations dont wage legal wars with modders.in relation to the new policies that taketwo  rockstar have made / are making for mods, im not sure that i like it. however, im glad that they are undoing their cd on openiv. thank you, taketwo  r.to the idiots on here that liked to troll other reviews, i say eat your words. it would seem that giving feedback to a company actually has a result. Original Ranty Review 06/19?/17i am recommending against gtav.i played this game a lot. despite the grind  oh, God, the grind  i enjoyed playing this game.so, why would i thumb it down now, after almost 200 hours of playtime?...thanks for asking. the owners or coowners or whatever of Rockstar, TakeTwo Interactive, have taken a stance against modding. they do so under the guise of protecting the online version of gtav. but, theyve gone about this in an ignorant and foolish way they attacked singleplayer mods.google openiv and check out an article or two. yes, scroll past the  ads and popups. good.openiv is a modding tool...for singleplayer. see the problem?if you want to hack on gta online, you dont use openiv. you use something else. you use a hacking menu like force that lets you spawn moneybags, teleport anywhere, or give yourself godmode... and teleport me into a warehouse so that i can blow up over and over again.should taketwo or R or WHOever ban hackers who grief and spawn money in?yes.should taketwo ban singleplayer mods that didnt have anything to do with online in the first place?no.what are taketwo doing?banning singleplayer mods.i cant accept this. i dont accept this. i wont play this grindy, grindy game now that i know about this fiasco of antimodding. maybe, one day, if they retract their cease  desist on openiv ill reconsider getting killed over and over again by hydras. but today, no. i write a review in disappointment and go to bed tonight.oh, and heres a link below. the video is not mine, but its informative. and, there are sources linked in the guys description. dont blindly swing one way or the other on this. educate yourself aka google. good night. 