considering everything that GTA Online makes up, the fact that it really is obviously just trying to cash grab, especially the recent we are undermonetising its users considering that you are making a GAME not a subscription service, suprise suprise people buy your game once and then dont give you anymore money, thats not saying your game is bad or that they havent paid enough, that is saying THEY HAVE PURCHASED YOUR PRODUCT AND THAT IS THE END OF IT I dont get the people from the housewares stores knocking on my door saying 5 years ago you bought plates from us and we believe you owe us money because you have been using them every day for that long thats not how it works, dont try and scam more money out of your users, if you want more money, release actual interesting dlc that is good, and they will buy it, dont make everything impossible to work towards and offer shark cards, just dont. as it is very obvious that the best most effitent and cost effective way to get everything in GTA Online is to actually not play the game at all, and just go work a job and buy shark cards with the money, it shows your game lacks the ability to actually progress by playing. it should not be a 100 hour grind to buy one thing when there is 1000 other things to get that take the same each time, each one you get makes it faster but each thing is harder to get thus ending on a mute point.on another note... Mods. leave them alone, modders make the game. you think minecraft would have even gotten its 15 minutes if it werent for the mods? people still play minecraft BECAUSE of the mods, its the same with GTAV, I play with mods, they play with mods, everyone uses mods. modders are great, hackers on the other hand are not great, but if you want players to stop hacking in money or weapons or cars or hacking to unlock/purchase things then maybe you shouldnt make it so damn hard to get them in the first place! it would be easier for me to build my own program and learn how to hack your system than it would be to legitimately play the game and earn it all. so really you bring it on yourself.