TLDR at the bottom.The story mode in this game is one of the best in GTA history, with fun gameplay and lots of memorable moments. The triple protagonist design brings a lot to the table, allowing everyone to play the game a bit differently. My only complaint about the campaign is that you seem to be thrown around to random areas without any sense of organization, and the map itself is full of empty space, especially Blaine County. It just feels like a bunch of wasted opportunities. Its a shame they didnt follow GTA San Andreass design of having the player move in a circle around the map, but thats just a small thing.And then, theres Online.Online is, well, pretty bad right now. First and foremost, the Online mode uses a PeertoPeer system, meaning that when you are on a server, your ip adress is THERE. If someone wanted to, they could very easily doxx you and steal your personal information. Secondly, it is filled to the brim with greifers, and Rockstar seems to be grooming them into destructive money pits with pricey, completely unbalanced weaponized vehicles. Then theres the hackers, who can either flood your account with millions of dollars, or clear a server with a push of a button. Either one is bad news for the game, because the former leaves players with no drive to continue playing, and the latter makes the game completely unplayable. And the worst part of all is that GTA Online is the only part of the game that Rockstar is supporting at the moment. Single player DLC has been completely cancelled to make room for Online, which really sucks. Each update leaves singleplayer more and more dated and buggy, and soon it might not even load correctly. To have your product in such a state, its just poor management. If youre planning on playing GTA Online, bring a friend. Unless youre one of those sadisticdry humping their opressor, think twice before buying this game for full price.TLDR Great single player, cancerous online mode. Developers piling new content on top of abandoned old content. Only play online if you have a friend. 