Ive had it.Ive been playing GTA V Online since it went live on 360 years ago.  At first it was amazing.  Most of the good cars were available to steal and make your own.  Sure you could buy cars outright, but you didnt need them to make the game fun at that point.  Fast forward to now and all the fun toys will cost you more out of pocket money than half the games on Steam.Want the new Flying Motorcycle?  That will be 3,500,000 in game cash which roughly translates to around 42 dollars US.  Want the new Rocket Car that everyone is driving around?  Well first you have to buy a business for around a million in game, then buy a warehouse for another million, and then you can buy the car for 2 million.  Again, around 50 dollars to just be able to use an ingame car when you want.Can you make money in game through missions and such.  Absolutely.  Be ready for a frustrating endevor though.  Well use the Vehicle cargo missions as an example.  The first few are easy.   After that it ramps up.  Youll steal high priced cars after having to drive 10 minutes across a gargantuan map to snag it.  Sometimes you have to fight off bad guys, some times you have to airlift the car off a boat, etc etc.  The catch is, every single bit of damage to the car costs you money.  The game will throw random NPC bad guys to shoot at you and try to ram you off the road.  Traffic will start to try to pull out in front of you or cut you off.  You can watch your money trickle away with every dent you take.  I consider myself a GTA veteran and pretty good at this game, but even I have issues trying to get vehicles back to the warehouse without getting destroyed by in game obstacles.  Im all for a challenge, but not when that challenge is specifically there to nickle and dime me.  These missions take around 15 minutes to half an hour so failing one ends up being a huge waste of time.  Its more frustrating than fun.So you grind and grind, realize that youre not getting very far money wise and shell out some of your own out of pocket money for a shark card.  You finally buy the Opressor that you wanted so bad.  You take it out for a spin and crash it a few times, it blows up.  That will be another 20,000 out of your pocket for an INSURANCE claim.  Thats right, they make you pay for any cars you already bought and crashed.  They will say its realism, but its just another way to drain your in game money to force you to buy more shark cards.There is no reason these in game items couldnt be priced more reasonably.  Paying the price of an almost brand new game for an in game item is terrible.  Its a slap in the face to long time fans like myself.  I dont have the extra 20 bucks out of pocket here and there to buy decent cars, or pay out the nose for rockets for my rocket launcher. Yes, you have to buy your ammo as well, that drains pretty quickly.  I dont have the time to grind endlessly on repetative missions that are more frustrating than fun.Its really too bad.  The single player is incredible.  If you are going completely solo, I highly recommend the core single player game.  Everything has a really good pace and you can afford some of the toys.  Online even has some bright spots.  Heist missions and races are fun, but they wont get you the consistent money you need to keep moving forward.  If you enjoy solo online play, youll have a hard time getting anything without shelling out way too much time or money.Rockstar and Take 2 have set a terrible bar here.  They are making a ton of money off of shark card sales so they wont be dropping the price for the fun stuff anytime soon.  Microtransactions kill what could be an amazing online experience for everyone.  This is a new level of greed.I can only hope they dont pull these kinds of shenanigans with GTA VI, but Im sure thats wishful thinking and nothing more.Overall, if your well off with money, or have all the time in the world to do missions this game might be fun for you.  If youre a college student, parent, or just dont have a lot of over the top money or time this game isnt going to be what you expect.It pains me to give this a thumbs down, but I just cant stand for this type of greed from a company that has already made so much money off of its consumers.