Really Rock?Edit2 Rockstar have now sent a cease and desist letter to the main modding program. It disables itself online, it has no effects for hackers, its just for modding SP. They are trying to stop it to drive more people to Online and microtransactions. Their reason was that OpenIV allows users to create malicious mods that allowe harassment of players and interfere with the GTA Online experience. OpenIV does not touch online and immediately disables itself if you try. Why are people still supporting Rockstar?Edit These problems seem to be ocurring less by now, but Im leaving this review up as a warning to the scummy business practices of Rockstar.People are being banned for no reason and Rockstar agrees with them, yet they are still refusing to reverse the bans or do anything to help. Using Discord, Fraps, Any third party Framerate counter or any program that adds an overlay to your games will result in you getting banned, and support will not reverse it. Heck, if you buy shark cards and they dont work they wont even refund you for that!Do not support awful business practices like this. Their anti cheat is terrible and their support just wants your money.EDIT A lot of people seem to be taking this as Waaaah! I got banned!, so let me clear things up. I have not been banned, I uninstalled the game myself as the hard drive space it took was massive and I didnt play it much. For those who dont believe the large amount of people who have been falsely banned, here are a few more reasons why you shouldnt support R.There is a limitless amount of bugs for Online. Ranging from everyone in your session suddenly leaving the game at once, you being booted for no reason, connections timing out randomly, all of these are punctuated with the worst error screen I have ever seen. Instead of presenting you with a simple You have timed out, the game instead spends much time loading up Single player, puts you into the world, and then gives you an error message, with an option to rejoin. Which how ludicrously long the load times in this game are, thats a good 25 minutes waiting for an error to appear just so you can start waiting again to get back into the game. It is incredibly easy to fix, but rockstar still havent because they do not care.There is no server browser. This means that with the endless adversary modes they add, all are dead within a week. The only options you have when in an adversary mode is to invite people of a similar level which almost never works and to invite everyone who was in your previous free roam session. If you are playing free roam, would you want to suddenly be pulled into a small mode which likely wont have many players? I thought as much. Thus the modes die off extremely quickly.And finally, the Anticheat is still terrible. You can have people flying around the map, spawning props locking you in place, dropping money bags on everyone Which in an amusing way, can result in them getting banned and just generally causing havoc. Every attempt Rockstar has made has resulted in false positives, and an extremely intolerant system towards modders. You remember how much Rockstar said they loved the PC Audience and their modders? Thats amusing considering theyre filling the game with dummy code to confuse them, and you will be instabanned if you go anywhere near Online with the slightest hint of a modification to your game files.In all, do not support a developer who does not care about their audience. They release modes The recent Further adventures in Finance and Felony update is a great case for this that require either for you to grind an unreasonable amount of money, or buy shark cards to make it all easier. Not to mention the adversary modes they throw out are easy to make and take little to no effort, as again, theyll be dead within a few weeks.You will be better off supporting another company. Move on. 