Guess Ill throw in my two cents as to why I cant play this game any more1. It has just become an absolute grind fest, for anyone without hours of free time per day its quite excessive, I dont necessarily hate the online aspect of it with a bit of grinding, however, I have played the ps3 version up till PC release and I can safely say I have noticed a couple changes that are definitely a massive negative.1A. Theyve decreased money per mission, I remember doing rooftop rumble and getting 20K pretty decently every time, although it was grindy, it was a quicker method of getting money as opposed to long set up heists they added later or other missions that require much more time for not that much money in the long run. Its just essentially been done to make the grind that bit more tedious to encourage payments for ingame currency. I do not condone paying for ingame currency myself, at least not for a game like this where itll disappear in a matter of seconds with how ridiculous their prices are. If you want to use your money on it, youre an adult and me or no one else really has the right to tell you what to do with it, I would just say that 8mil for about 8090 of real life money is absolutely insane and more than what people earn in days of work, I cant understand how they imagined the scaling of these cards would work either.1B. They subtly punish you for completing missions efficiently and quickly, deteriorating the fun another notch. I have become quite decent at speed running missions from when I started on ps3 and again, I have noticed that as I have come back to the game from time to time, when I speed run missions now, there is no static payout for reward for actually being good at the game, I literally farmed maximum money from easy missions by sitting there for 10 minutes then killing everyone really quickly and just ending it. You get rewarded to be slow, cumbersome and generally it just wants you to play the more tedious aspects of the game which take hours, such as heists. Now, I do like heists, do not take me the wrong way, however forcing me to go into games with a lot of random strangers who often mess the heists up, have no real cohesion with one another really drains me personally.I have also come to the conclusion, even with all of those methods of making arcade style quick missions more useless to make money, I can still often make more money than I can in the time it takes to do a heist, just by sitting there, repeating and doing the same boring stuff, which in itself is easier for me and many others due to time constraints.2. Public only missions and features, while I get the point of it, it honestly just becomes extremely tedious due to modders chill out, I like modding and often its hilarious, but in this case, its a bit annoying often just flying around, breaking everything, being invincible and generally just a pain. This is more of a gripe of my own, I loved playing public before but with all the stuff going on, its just not the most fun thing to do for me and my friends now.3. Coop in a private game is just as tedious due to the same issues in point 1, you and your friends just want to play around, have some fun, etc. I loved doing missions with all the new vehicles we got, but as we became more efficient, even with the biker missions, it just became a grind fest of going back and forth, doing the same few missions over and over again and just not having any fun. The heists are fun when you have enough people and enough time, but they can take a while and often the payout really isnt that big, leading back to the cash card thing.4. The absolute hatred of modders taketwo has, rockstar itself actually likes modding and has often showcased mods in official feeds, however taketwo has completely held that under the water for it to drown a slow death, gradually making it more and more difficult to create good content for what would be a great game if not for these issues at least for me. I can already feel the kneejerk of but you said you hated modders for public games, etc, etc, I do not hate modders, however forcing me into games with people who abuse them is not ideal or fun, however, removing modded content that specifically caters to the neglected aspect of the game, being single player, is absolutely ridiculous. Single player could be a modders playground but instead it is now being scorned for reasons unknown to me, taketwo have just outright targeted single player modding, which has actively taken steps towards not affecting multiplayer games and basically stamped out a lot of work for seemingly no genuine reason. Modding has, and will always be part of the PC gaming platform, whether I have had annoyances or fun at the end of it doesnt matter, its part of PC gaming, and should be embraced.I remember when GTA was satirical of these shark like business practices, they were always a company trying to make money, yes, but GTA V has just become a parody of itself at this point, wanting you to pay real money for relatively small amounts of ingame currency as they bump up the prices of vehicles further and further, effectively asking you to pay upwards of 90 for about 8mil of ingame currency, just look at how insane that is and take a minute to look at it, paying twice the amount of the video games initial price almost for what is effectively enough money to waste in 5 minutes due to vehicle and upgrade prices ingame. I would again say, I dont condone it, youre an adult, do what you want, but I do not feel any pity for those who let themselves get ripped off in this manner, I hope its a lesson learned to them because im sure 90 of their money, time and sweat in real life should be worth much more than a little bit of game currency, its an insult to the consumer and gamers intelligence alike, we are better than this, we should be better than this.TLDR I would like to say for the issues the game has, its a great game, great vehicles and features, its great fun when you do mess around but you wont make progress and itll effectively become stale in the long run, itll punish you for doing missions quickly and effectively while lowering the cash per mission bar gradually over time to encourage the purchase of what is now relatively small ingame currency for large amounts of real money. Im sad to say that whatever has happened, I cannot recommend this game, as a long time player. I dont regret playing it, but Im sad to see it turn itself inside out.Edit Ive turned this to public just because, some of the things I have written may or may not have changed, in regards to modding and other features, I still cant recommend it due to the sheer amount of grinding you need for a game thats generally been about dumb fun. 