So, now there is a lot of shimee and shamee about this game considering Take Two banning mods, about witch Id say theyre not thinking ahead, as this will probably cause drop in sales and they will loose more money than gain with this kind of step. Not gonna talk about this further in the review.Right now I have 70 hours on the game, I bought it at the start of June. First I had to tame it. The game refused to work on my Windows 10 system, spent about 45 hours trying to find a solution, ended up deleting all my DirectX files from system32 and installing everything fresh.Best thing about the game is that it is extremely fun and it is for everybody. Like, Im not that into shooting, I like driving all kinds of vehicles, messing around. Are you like that too? Well, no problem, in story mode youre not forced to do missions like in GTA SA you had to do missions to unlock areas and sht, so you can just drive if you want. Want to get some money in GTA Online, but dont want to shoot people? Do races, you can even do heists without shooting, just be a pilot or transporter or something. Cant drive? Shoot people, go as gunner.Thats what Grand Theft Auto is, no matter if youre a shooter and like CounterStrike, if youre racer and like Need for Speed or a person that likes story and plays Life is Strange, you will like this game.The story seems interesting and well made, Im halfway through it.GTA Online is fun, with or without friends. You can easly have a lot of fun without buying Shark Cards and having a lot of money.Also, there were a lot of innocent people saying that they get bans because of modders money droping and killing them.I thought that was true because of the reviews, but thats not how it works. Ive experienced modders trying to money drop me, but Ive done the below to dodge it.So, what to do if you get money dropped1. Exit the game as fast as possible, I know money is hard to get and when someone just gives you some its hard not to take it, but will it be better if you get banned from the game?2. Remember the modders nickname and report him on Social Club, thats how Rockstar will know that you are on their side.Bugs and glitches Ive seen people say that this is a very glitchy game and it is not running well. I dont know about that, I havent got any glitches and bugs so far.So, overall, it is an awesome, fun game for a lot of people that will have you coming back for hours.Highly recommend. 