GTA 5 PC ReviewAlso available on Xbox One, PS4, Xbox 360 and PS3The long wait has been worth it. If youre a PC gamer whos spent the last eighteen months envying the console crowd while they all got stuck into the latest, greatest GTA, then rest assured that you can now play the definitive version. Sure, the Xbox One and PS4 versions were amazing, delivering GTA 5 at higher resolutions with more detailed textures, smoother surfaces, better lighting and cool depth of field effects see our full review below, but the PC version offers even more enhancements plus a couple of additional features that play to the PCs strengths. In doing so, it adds a few more metres to one of gamings towering achievements.Having covered the game twice already, we wont go too far into the detail of what makes GTA 5 so good. Partly, its a question of experience. With four previous 3D GTAs under its belt plus Red Dead Redemption, Bully and assorted DLC packs, Rockstar has had time to refine its vision for open world gameplay and its systems, and GTA 5 has the best driving, the best shooting and some of the best mission design of the series.Its also a question of structure. Dividing the action amongst three protagonists with three interlocking storylines and three distinctive flavours means you nearly always have the option to flick from Michaels ageing career criminal saga to Franklins ambitious hoodlum story to Trevors crazed, amoral brand of mayhem, where the dumb, cathartic slapstick violence we all  deep down  love GTA for finds its natural home. With repeated play, it only becomes clearer how well all three tales mesh thematically with Rockstars savage satirical take on the Californian dream.And the budget definitely helps. The more time you put into GTA 5, the more you come to appreciate what a large and intensely detailed creation Los Santos is, and just how much is packed into the surrounding Blaine County. Thats because Rockstar had the ambition and the money to put in all the golf and tennis minigames, all the stunt challenges, all the bizarre side missions and all the weird, hidden stuff that probably 90 of players will never see. The amazing thing about GTA 5 is that you can spend hour after hour playing it yet still be struck by all the stuff you havent done yet. No other open world feels this coherent. No other open world has so much to do.TrustedReviews Awards 2015 Winners announcedSo, what does playing on PC bring to the experience? Well, for a start theres the most visually impressive and immersive version yet. Those lucky enough to have a 1440p or 4K monitor and the rig to run it will have ample cause for amazement, and the rest of us who have to struggle along at 1080p wont go short. GTA 5 PC benefits from the new lighting model, postprocessing effects, daytonight cycle and added vegetation of the nextgen console versions, but also additional levels for textures, shader effects, reflections and shadow detail that affect everything from the way characters faces look closeup to depthoffield effects, water and grass.Its open to a huge amount of tinkering, but then it needs to be. Basic gaming systems, like a budget Core i3 with an old GTX 660, will struggle to run GTA 5 at a decent frame rate unless you reduce the resolution and start pulling settings down from high. Our test system, with a Core i5 and a Radeon R9 285, still wouldnt run smoothly with settings above high at 1080p.Whats more, GTA 5 is really tough on video memory. Try to set Texture Quality to High with a 2GB graphics card and youll be warned that youre exceeding the limits. Ignore the warnings, and you may be gobsmacked by the detail on skin, background textures and  particularly clothing  but the frame rate will stutter all the time. It might just about be bearable when youre walking around, but get in a car and try a drivingheavy mission and youre in for a nasty shock.GTA 5 scales up beautifully if youre rocking a Core i7/GTX 970 or Radeon R9 290, but if you have a lesser system then youre going to have to make some compromises. Its also worth noting that weve experienced the odd collisiondetection bug and some weird texture dropouts, occasionally affecting whole scenes at a time. Its early days with early GPU drivers, though, so we suspect these issues will be nailed down with time.Beyond this, we get support for mouse and keyboard gameplay  a definite plus if you play in firstperson view  and some new options for background music. Not only is there a new radio station to listen to  The Lab FM  but a rather ingenious way of adding custom soundtracks to the game. Drag your own music files into a subfolder called User Music, and theyll play through a new Self Radio station while youre in the game. Its a shame that Rockstar didnt make this a little more obvious or accessible, but playing GTA 5 with your own background tunes is a blast.GTA Online comes bundled in, of course, bringing Rockstars online multiplayer crime sim to the PC for the first time. Its due a reappraisal now that the new Heist missions have been dropped in, but its still a slightly odd combination of openworld exploration and adhoc PvP larceny and murder all good and more straightforward shooter and racer events, which dont really play to GTAs strengths. Its fun, but not Battlefield Hardline.