Singeplayer is good and online is very fun with friends. The newer stuff is very expensive though, and requires a lot of time investment for grinding. If you dont have that time youre pretty screwed since the prices of shark cards are insane relative to what they give you. Youll grind a lot like you would in a free to play game. Especially with the new research stuff.This ban wave and account adjustment crap, as well rockstars attitude to it are what makes this game bad. Really bad.Thing is, you dont have to be a hacker to get hacked money. A few months ago theres a full on plague of hackers in public sessions. Im talking 8/10 sessions would have at least one hacker. That was my experience.First time I got hacked money was when I was in a public session with a few friends, nobody else in the server. We were doing the public session only cargo work. Its by far the best way to make money in online. A hacker joined and within 10 seconds had dished out millions of dollars in hacked cash to all of us. We didnt even know he was in the session until then.So, what do with the hacked money? You cant drop it and rockstar wont remove it for you. I sent them a support ticket immediately, they gave me a copypasted reply saying itd be removed in one of their hacker sweeps. It did eventually get removed over a month later, after Id been given many millions more in hacked cash without my consent and after new vehicles had been released that I wanted to buy. So yeah, I spent it. What else could I do other than just not play the game until it was removed?Anyway, they eventually did remove my hacked cash and charged a bit of my legit money for things Id bought with the hacked cash. Okay, whatever. Fair enough.Just recently though when they announced the Smugglers Run update, they did a couple more hacker sweeps. They took millions from my legit money, presumably for something bought  with hacked money months ago. I feel like they took more than I ever spent in hacked cash, but that doesnt matter I guess. The real kick in the teeth here is that they did this after doing double  on bunker sales, and double  on vehicle cargo. People have of course been grinding those things like crazy to prepare for the new update.Sucking away millions of our legit money literally right after wed been grinding the double  things like crazy is a huge F YOU from Rockstar. You might say its fair because its taking money for previous illegitimate purchases, but remember that most people didnt ask for hacked cash. We didnt walk over money bags or enter dodgy missions. The hackers would literally desposit the money directly to your character, you had NO choice in the matter and Rockstar would not fix it for you.So all in all, f Rockstar and Take Two, and dont give them any of your money.A good game ruined by s business practices and lack of desire or ability to fix a colossal hacker problem.Oh but look on the bright side, theres a sale on shark cards! 