Rockstar has become a greedy joke! I have been trying for a MONTH to simply unlink my steam account with their social club. Hours of collecting data and submitting just to be told Its being escalated with no results. All you have to do is LISTEN to your customer base and it will pay off far more than being difficult.Instead of simply unlinking the account like I have asked they have continually pressured me into purchasing a new copy. I have not even ACTIVATED/PLAYED the game on my PC yet they want me to purchase a new one? Thats not going to happen. My rant is simply in regards to the fact that on the Rockstar Social account you can unlink a profile from any console but not for the PC? You have to call to have that done. I understand it may be more complex that just hitting a button but after 31 days this is getting ridiculous.I have wasted numerous hours contacting them with this issue to be given the run around. Then they ask for mountains of proof in the form of receipts, screen shots, etc. I have submitted all of this to them several times only for them to close the ticket with no word. This is something that needs to be fixed.Also after a month I have finally located their support phone number. It is 866 9228694 for anyone else having support issues and despise talking via email. Now understand their support is only there from 200 PM to 100 AM EDT.As far as the OPENIV situation, I understand that the mods/hacks should NEVER be allowed in muliplayer. It gives someone a leg up on others which I solely disagree with. Single player is a whole other ball game though. I have modded several games Skyrim, Fallout, Borderlands and find that I enjoy refining a game to my liking. I would hope to do the same to GTA V SINGLE PLAYER as well but we will see where it goes.Bottom line If you purchase this game understand that Rockstar as a whole gives zero cares about their customer base. They exploit any and all roads to make more money off of you than you could imagine. My suggestion is that Bethesda aquire this franchise so we can get developers that care more.