First of all They just forbid modding. Even singleplayer modding. My review will stay negative irreversably.My full comment on this in German to be found hereSecondly, the game is NOT worth the full price. Beginning with the optional money cards that must be purchased for real money, because ingame stuff is EXPENSIVE and would take months of grinding unless youre lucky to meet a kind cheater which theres plenty of, yet not all are kind at allThirdly, the PC port is TRASH. I sincerely, honestly, from my heart am saying this. The least annoying part are the tiny menus that you must scroll through with arrow keys because mouse controls in menus are so bad that Id classify them as not working. They are irritating and usually I can barely find what I need.A little more annoying is the tinytiny minimap that you cannot enlarge permanently despite having so much space on the display.More annoying is the aim system. Basically, the controller folks have a helping autoaim. They can shoot you in the head from over 250m consistently and you cant! Yes, I may be bad in GTA5 but hell, not that bad considering over 3k hours in CS in totalThe most annoying HELICOPTERS ARE UNCONTROLLABLE. Quite literally. Even after my aircraft control overhaul. You are and will be inferior to those who have bought a controller thats yet another peripheral device to pay for keep in mind the game priceHere are facts from the multiplayerIts a spread issue, that player who had bought ingame money shark cards havent received them. Search for didnt receive shark card money gta5  support either doesnt care or simply doesnt help.Much Cheaters. Many falsepositives. Such anticheat system that asks people to manually report cheaters. Wow.Chat history is only 4 messages long   meeting sane strangers is nearly impossibleMultiplayer, jobs, lobbies take at least 12 minutes to load. Google suggests gta v for the term loading screen simulatorOnline lobbies tend to get emptier over the course of 1530 minutes. Or you get a timeout before that happens. You are forced to join another lobby and endure loading timesThe game has become so grindy, that players are mostly friendly to those who make money instead of battling with them. Or you simply join a friendly crew lobby and keep doing missions to grind money for the next buy.The game looks beautiful and has plenty of potential. However, I will not ever waste money on a Rockstar/TakeTwo creation again. It was only fun thanks to my friends, but not the game itself. 