It should be obvious with the news buzz the kind of things Take Two and maybe Rockstar? pull. Regardless, Ill review the actual game now that the storm has passed.The game does have a fantastic world that is among my favorite ever crafted. The city, the mountains it might seem small but it all fits in spots that feel right. The music, both score and licensed, is great. Its also fantastic looking. I have taken so many screen shots of sunsets and rises, the cityscape and the ocean and the wilderness. Initially out in 2013 and in its current graphical updated release in 2014/15, if you want eyecandy this game has it in spades.Its been a while since Ive played through the story, so I dont remember all that much of it. At its core, thats really what it is relatively unremarkable and not terribly memorable. But it felt fine and there were plenty of points to make you laugh, and its worth a play through. Really though, youre getting the game to have a romp in the world.Thats where it excels. You can blow stuff up and have endless firefights through the city streets. Or you can nick a car off an unsuspecting lunchgoer in the middle of a drugfueled rage. Spend illgotten gains on a really fast car and lap the state in less than 15 minutes. The worlds size starts to break down at high speeds, perhaps one of the few things that dont feel quite right. Perhaps youll find a bike and take it down the beach. Through the hills. Take it slow and go for a walk from Los Santos to Paleto Bay. The game pours life and charm and the world will absolutely capture you no matter what you decide to do.So you decide to start an Online character. Your own character, your own story! More content! Friends! Better progression! What could go wrong?Those things are true, but whats also true is the amount of grinding and backwatching you have to do. Yeah, I enjoy playing online because getting a new car or house feels like you earned it. At least, most of them. So many things are now far above resonable prices and require just a bit too much grinding, keeping you playing just a bit longer and wearing you down to spend some cash. Real cash. Because there are microtransactions, they drive the new content economy, and they suck. Hard. Disclaimer I lean on the side of cynicism when it comes to microtransactions. I dont think GTAs is a good implementation of them. Dont worry, its not paytowin, though. Its hacktowin.The backwatching I refer to is the fact that even though I like online for having my own character despite missing several bits and collectables from singleplayer, I only ever play on my own, or with friends. Public sessions are a near guarantee of griefers and other hacks. Efforts to stop this are entirely unsuccessful and result in unbelievable moves like we saw with OpenIV that dont actually fix anything.So yeah. Its a fun game. I still fondly remember waiting for PC launch, strung out by Rockstar like a dog on a leash. Ive certainly got my time out of it. Its also made me even more skeptical about AAA companies like Take Two and take a harder stance on microtransactions where they dont belong. Its an important, good game that everyones going to remember for a long time, but its also a damn good example of the pitfalls of money grabbing and other industry issues. Issues that turn a world thats more alive than the best movie or painting into a battleground between the art and business of gamemaking.EDIT Old review is left below.Its a great world and theyve put a lot of really good work into it. Its pretty fun too. But its run by Take Two, which is guitly of Obscene microtransactions driving the prices of new content way up in Online theyre also apparently underutlizied according to TTs CEO. Withholding content from singleplayer to get people to buy into aforementioned Online microtransactions, really makes you wonder how much wed be paying to play singleplayer only games in the furture, at least from TT Red Dead, anyone?. Uses a broken copywright law and threatens legal action against people trying to make the game better and refuses to talk to content creators to find a solution. This of course leads to Taking down OpenIV, a framework which has operated IN THE BOUNDS of Rockstars rules and not allowed Online access with it installed. TT ignored that and waved their big golden rod in order to get rid of OpenIV so they could maybe earn some more cash from microtransactions. Even upon taking down the largest and best modding tools around, in the name of ridding the game of hackers, the game is still littered with them and it is impossible to play in a public session where all the new content from the last year is locked to without getting telefragged and blown up.So, yeah the game is fun. If youre looking at reviews and debating on buying it though? Dont. Dont give Take Two another cent until they change. The Online is ed right now anyway and singleplayer isnt worth supporting Take Two and their t. 