I dont leave reviews often, but when I heard that Take Two Interactive and Rockstar removed mod support from this game in such draconian fashion, I felt the need to voice my opinion. Very anticonsumer move by these companies. Rockstar hasnt made a new game in four years, instead milking the success of the microtransactionriddled multiplayer, which is designed from the ground up to pressure players into spending even more realworld money on an already 60 game.Cash is king in this town. Solve your money problem and help get what you want across Los Santos and Blaine County with the occasional purchase of cash packs for Grand Theft Auto Online is the direct quote from the steam page for purchasing Shark Cards which is just a nice way of saying that youre forking over more of your real money for some ingame cash that will dry up faster than you think.Rather than trying to innovate as a result of the popularity of the OpenIV mod kit, or even attempt to compromise or communicate with those who maintain it, Take Two decided to go the underhanded route of legal action, forcing the OpenIV project to shutdown for good. This is unfortunate, because mod support has been regarded by many to be the major selling point of the PC version of this game. Without this, it is no better than any other version.At this time, I do NOT recommend this game. If you already played the single player version four years ago on the ps3 or xbox 360, then you arent missing much. Thats right, they havent touched single player in four years, albeit to add a firstperson mode on the new consoles and PC version, which can be described as disorienting at best. If you havent played the single player, go buy it used, ensuring that Rockstar or Take Two doesnt see a dime from you. Trust me when I say that it will be cheaper than any sale that Rockstar does anyway, at least until the multiplayer dies down one day.So save your money, and support more consumerfriendly companies. Maybe spend it on a game that you saw at e3 wait for the reviews first, never preorder. Whatever you spend your money on, just dont let it go to companies that support these kinds of practices.