tldr Everything is great except some longer load times, free content that practically requires spending money to avoid a massive grind and some minor concerns with griefers/cheaters online.Full VersionIf you dont know what GTA is or need a review of the game to decide, youve probably been living under a rock. In short, third person action game with driving, flying, boating and on foot mechanics. Plenty of good here and the environment is expertly crafted with tons of stuff to do. Graphics are solid, story is solid, gameplay is solid. Its a bit of a beast to run, but well worth it.If you are interested in the single player experience, buy it. Its worth it.If you are interested in the multiplayer experience, well... heres the good, the bad and the ugly.The GoodBetween online free roam, heists, missions and races, theres something for everyone and the game is tons of fun with a few buddies. The stories that will come out of your online shenanigans are endless.The BadGriefing and cheating is fairly common. Theyve implemented many controls to help cut down on it, but in the end, youll likely find someone in free roam doing something you dont like. Its not hard to avoid, but if you are the kind of person that likes to just fool around and enjoy things, you might run into some issues. Especially since much of the newer gameplay content requires you to be in public sessions though you can generally get around that too.The UglyThe game price is pretty standard fair. The extra content costs are not. Most newer cars and features have in game GTA costs. These costs are basically all 6 figures on up, though most are over a million GTA. Even on sale at 85 for GTA8,000,000 which is your best deal, that means for ONE new vehicle, it will cost you 10.63. Yes, you can earn GTA playing the game and there are numerous guides and tutorials for how to make money fast. Yes, you can find people to hack and give you money or you can do it yourself all at the risk of being banned. But for the casual player who doesnt have time to dump hours into grinding boring cargo deliveries or repetitive content, the game makes it unfun and unreasonable to get any newer content. Most games will release DLC packs and new content and charge anywhere from 1030 for it. Rockstar has gone to a scheme that amounts to pay to win and made it near impossible for most people to enjoy the online game anymore without shelling out extra cash or resorting to cheats/hacking. The latest content? An orbital laser similar to the Command and Conquer GDI Ion Cannon that costs GTA900,000 up front and at least GTA500,000 to fire. Understandable that you want to limit its use to mitigate griefing, but that amounts to 9.56 to purchase the item and 5.31 each time you fire it. Again, yes you can earn money in game and not pay real cash to get there. Yes you want to limit griefing so you dont want someone spamming the ion cannon. However, there are better ways to do that without resorting to such a blatant cash grab. Id gladly shell out a few bucks for a season pass or a DLC pack, but Im not dropping 100 to pick up what amounts to basically 12 planes/cars. Thats unreasonable. This is why I cannot recommend the game anymore.