Im a GTA V modder. Hear me out, please. Dont be so quick to judge.This is my alt account. I dont use my main account for modding, which has about 500 hours logged on it. Im  not malicious. I dont troll or grief. I bought and use the account for the sole purpose of dropping cash on other players and helping them out.Why?As a big middle finger to R for ruining my favorite game in the world.R completely ruined what could have been one of the greatest games of all time. They release bland, redundant DLC and game modes. Bland and redudant vehicles. They completely broke the ingame economy, making everything impossibly expensive for people like me to buy. What do I mean by that? I work 40 hours a week trying to pay my bills and take care of my fiancee. I dont have the time to spend 100 hours saving up for one damn aircraft. And money is so hard to come by in the game now. The economy used to be challening, but it wasnt impossible for people like me to buy neat things. And I know Im not the only players who plays the game who works all the time. Theres thousands of players out there who are disheartened by how broken the ingame economy has become because now they cant afford anything, even after weeks of gameplay.Its a grindfest. Its bland and boring and frustrating. I dont even need to mention how malicious most of the community is. R pumps out moneygrabbing DLC instead of good content, or fixing massive issues, such as malicious/griefing modders. I made this account and bought this game a second time not to support R, but to support the poor people who are having their game ruined by an idiotic, greedy, ignorant gaming company.The most pathetic part about this? Im still playing this game, banfree. My friend, who has never touched a mod menu in his gaming career, got banned for a month and had his character reset after well over 400 hours of 100 legitimate gameplay. All his effort is gone now thanks to Rockstars pathetic system. GG, R. Turning a blind eye to modders like me and banning legitimate players. Way to go.Dont, under any circumstances, waste any money on this pathetic game and these horrible devs. Even on sale. Dont buy it for single player. DEFINITELY dont buy it for multiplayer. Go waste 25 on Minecraft instead. At least youd enjoy that more than this 4 year old pile of sunbaked dog