Wow, all I have to say is wow.Personally, I dont belive this game was ever cracked up to what it was supposed to be, but I cant say I havent had a good time on this game before, now thats completely changed.For the longest time, I was always hopeful for R to get the funding and development support from Take Two so that they could make new heists because the amount that is current is just laughable. Yeah, that never happened. The only thing that theyve added in the last few years are novelty cars, most of which arent even good, a few guns, a few gamemodes, and pointless new missions like the whole CEO and Gun Runners thing just so you have a chance at affording the massively overpriced stuff they add in these updates.This game is a paytowin grind at the very best. There are people that will literally spend hundreds of dollars of real money for the currency in game just to buy the newest, most overpowered vehicles first. There is no real reason to try and beat these guys because all they do is buy more and more items in game with real cash. The only ways you can catch up to them areA Grind missions for literally dozens of hoursB Pay money to catch up and get all the cool, new stuffC Randomly come across a hacker thats dropping money obviously not the preferred wayAnd now, Take Two shuts down the SINGLEPLAYER MODDING COMMUNITY. There is no reason for them to honestly do that except to get more people to play multiplayer so that they generate more revenue. This makes me worry about all the other games that Take Two owns like Kerbal Space Program, because who knows what else theyll do if we let them get away with being a bunch oflike this.TLDR, DONT BUY THIS GAME. All it will do is frustrate you whenever you dont have money, because youll have to grind missions for hours just so you can avoid dying from the people who spend hundreds to pay to win. And on the singleplayer side of things, they shut down literally the only reason to play singleplayer because the story is mediocre at best. Take Two are a bunch of  and R is a money. 