Dont get this game to play online if you have a job. Or if you do, expect to throw tons of money at it to subvert the grind.I bought this on sale fortunately for me agreeing to play with friends and enjoy some jolly coop. Well, they left me behind with their massive amounts of freetime and started playing with someone else, which is fine, but the game offers nothing for me as a solo player. There is no fun in doing the grind alone. And I mistakenly put 14 hours into it and can no longer get a refund.Trust me, that 14 hours was not spent on anything meaningful nor did I get much progress from it. Not even Heist ready. Much of it was spent in loadtimes, or the gamecrashing during load screens I guess? It wasnt frozen, nor had it loaded me onto the server after 10 minutes, so maybe it is a feature xD or just getting destroyed by other blinged out players. Or just tweaking the graphics settings and trying to figure out the deal with the memory cap in the settings.If you like openworld games which I do not, then the singleplayer may be well worth it.The online is extremely stratified with people blinged out and able to murder your newover and over remember to put on passive mode, and put your money in the bank... why are there hidden mechanics that serve to  newbies like that? Why does it have to be work to protect your money like that?.The games keyboard support is dismal, which is a shame, cause the controller is pretty terrible for aiming and shooting which you gotta do a lot in this game. The menus are garbage, especially if you are playing it onlinethey are clearly built around the mindset of using a controller but the actual navigation is poor.The loadtimes in the game are really long, especially for again online. It can take over 10 minutes to log into the game.The heists are pretty much uncreative singleplayer missions that cost ingame money to take the contract for. Every failure costs, and the crappy balance and controls in the game means youll spend a lot just on retries. Thats right, the weird feel of controlling a GTA avatar is in full force, and you are also subject to getting singletapped by the NPCs.The only thing I really enjoyed was the Territory matches, and that is just not worth the price of the game. The soundtrack is okay, but simply because of the varietyit gets old as well.Dont spend more than 5 bucks on this one. 