Truthfully, some people will enjoy this. It caters to people who are really into competition but dont want to do MOBAs or who want something they play with all the seriousness of Garrys Mod without any of the build tools. Then the people who enjoy collecting things through a cash grind that other people are going to plonk down a ton of money for, or who like slowly customizing vehicles or plonking down money for them.My experience was that this game isnt really that fun. I wanted to play coop with my younger brother. We run it up and start goofing around. I was throwing snowballs at a cop car while he was driving. It was silly and that was cool. Then we went to a gun store. Oh.Microtransactions.Want to get a really cool car ingame? Pony up.Okay. Fine. We decide to ignore that. We screw around for awhile trying to run from the cops throwing snowballs at them while they chase us and such. Eventually I spot a sidequest and am like Hey Im going to start the sidequest. It throws me into a minigame with random strangers, a juggernaut mode where ones buffed to all heck with a massive chaingun and the other players arent. They respawn. The juggernaut does not respawn. I play a couple of rounds of it watching people gripe at each other and hearing occasional griping over the mic.Then its my turn to be the juggernaut. Cool. I get a chaingun. So I start shooting at random things. The other teams juggernaut is apparently piloted by the Bteams pizza delivery guy, because he walks right out in front of me and doesnt seem to notice me. Which is odd, because if I remember correctly Im highlighted on his map. So I point in the general direction of his face with my chaingun and he melts into a puddle of ohshi.The games scoreboard has cries of oh my god hacker and other griping, raging, and just general blech.I was looking for Saints Row goofy in a cool background. What I got was a game begging for money like a bum on the side of the road with a stubborn refusal to allow for coop with friends unless people wanted to justaround in the overworld and a ridiculously whiny, toxic community.If that floats your boat, buy the game and have your credit card ready.