It had been all nice and great, but now TakeTwo decided to pull the strings and ruin the entire community. Modding was a huge part of enjoyment regarding the Grand Theft Auto series. Me personally, I cannot believe it turned this way.I dont know if this is true, but shutting down OpenIV to avoid cheating in GTAOnline?It makes no sense in my eyes and in my mind at all. Altering files with OpenIV for the multiplayer?Youd get banned straight away, not necessarily instantly, but really close in the nearest future.Though everyone I know is using it only for purposes like, being creative, designing gameplaywise, graphic enhancements et cetera, learning skills like 3D creations, vehicles, characters / peds / models, even programming like scripts, an example would be, instead of just gunning around, people go ahead and play the actual side of peacemaker, a cop, so there are mods to play either as firefighter, paramedic and police officer, even since GTAIV and GTA San Andreas. If TakeTwo has any reasons for OpenIV to be shut down, for reasons like GTAOnline, this is not reasonable, rather questionable. It could only be to gain profit. Buy SharkCards, play GTAOnline. This and that.But if were going to be honest, if people would alter the game with OpenIV to cheat in GTAOnline, they would be banned pretty soon. But then, creating a new account would mean, buying a whole new copy of the game. You must be pretty dedicated and messed up to actually waste money for cheating like this, it would rather be an addition that needs medical attention and beyond.I dont know ANYONE who would use OpenIV to disturb the online experience. It is meant for singleplayer, and I dont know how this is and could affect the online world and others experience.As of now, I wont preorder any Rockstar Games and TakeTwo Interactive games, perhaps not buy them at all in the future. Modding was a good impact on the game, even with the dozens of restrictions Rockstar threw at us, it has only been made worse. Cant tell if they are taking the consumers opinion and them in general serious anymore or just as a profit for themselves. What are you creating this game for? For the players, or for your own profit? Well, you cant make any profit without the huge amount of players who used to support this series.88 of the recent reviews, overwhelmingly negative. If thats not a sign already, then I dont know.Its awful to see the people who spend their time on, amazing content creators without charge of money, users, roleplayers and more, dedicating themselves with passion and interest, being ignored by the industry like Rockstar Games and TakeTwo. It rather seems that they dont care at all about their players no more. With that said, theres a lack of chance, that they might reconsider their strategy on marketing, online cheating policy and their plans all together.