Rockstar and Take2 the companies who own the GTA IP have really done nothing but proven themselves to be userhostile greedy businessmen with the release of this game. Please allow me to enumerate just a smidge of the countless issues that have come from this games fouryear lifespan, in chronological order.1 Console Exclusivity  multiple delays for PC release.All of the PC gamers who were excited for the fifth rendition of the GTA franchise were put on hold a number of times  delaying the release of the PC version of the game by 2 whole years after the original release on the XBox and PS3 in 2013.2 Postrelease game development issuesLoading screens for this gigantic 70gb game last into the 10s of minutes, even with it being loaded on my SSD in my 1200 rig and my 400Mbps internet. That is for EVERYTHING. Going into online itself, joining races, heists, your apartment, etc. This is not a localized issue, I see this complained about everywhere. Adding to the overall clunkiness of the online scene of this game is the poorly developed netcode for the online mode. Rockstar used a meshnetesque connection type instead of localized dedicated servers because running servers is expensive. The choice of using such a connection means almost all checks for hacks and cheats for multiplayer are clientside essentially meaning anyone can gain access to cheats for this game with little to no experience required.3 Singleplayer not being onpar with multiplayer.There are multiple examples of this but one that is very prominant is the fact that you cannot get the Hydra a very popular jet in singleplayer. The Hydra is only found in the Online mode.4 Ingametext is censored.I have and always will be baffled by the absurdity of this part. You cannot say any sort of curse word in the games text chat. They are automatically censored. You also cannot say rockstar or R or any major online  company in the chat. I find it so bewildering that a rated M game featuring hookers, strip clubs, extreme violence, and even cutscenes with those same banned curse words in them would not allow players to communicate with each other in such a way. This doesnt seem like a big deal, but you cannot even say something like West Virginia without it being censored. Why? Because virgin is a naughty word, according to rockstar. My personal opinion of this is that it is a cash grab  it allows parents to feel safe that their 12 year old is playing a game because other people arent saying naughty things to them. Just a possibility.5 Toxic community.Adding onto my previous point, the fanbase for this sort of game is a bunch of hormonal 14 year olds who have no maturity and make their only goal in the game to upset you as much as possible. I cant even explain how many times I have had to use the Find New Session button only to be joined with a new lobby containing even more toxicity or even the same people who were bothering me before. Its awful.6 Microtransactions and pure cashgrabs.Users who play this game will find everything to be extremely overpriced. 1 million dollars in this game can get you one lowend apartment. No cars. No decent weapons, etc. How much does it cost in real money to get 1 million ingame? 20 well, 19.99. The shark cards in this game cost up to 100usd and can give you up to 8 million. Earning money in this game is extremely difficult and timeconsuming. a full set of heists around 4 hours of gameplay will earn you around 700,000. Insanity. Rockstar and Take2 are all about doubledipping into their consumers wallets with this game, having microtransactions on top of a 60 despite it being 4 years old game.7 All steam sales have been screwy with this game.Rockstar has never let this game dip below 39.99. When it goes on sale, instead of lowering the price, they just bundle in 1mil ingame money and call it good. This, combined with microtransactions, and the fact that it was released on console for full price and then on pc for full price just creates a tripledip that Rockstar and Take2 have been loving to take advantage of.8 This game is filled with constant hackers.Rockstar and Take2 have further proven their apathy when it concerns customers by their actions about online hacking in the game. Hacking is so prevalent that I have had only about 1 in 6 sessions where there is NOT a hacker present in the game. Hackers have full control over everything, including wiping your hardearned cash and cash that you have paid for via shark cardsfor good, thanks to the awful netcode and development for the online platform of this game, killing you, crashing your game and/or computer, DDoSing you, and more.9 Take2 has sent Private Investigators to mod creators homes.This one is honestly pretty self explanatory.10 Take2s CEO has said that they have intentionally UNDERmonetized their users.So 60 for the fouryearold game, endless microtransactions, and a double release is UNDERmonetizing your users? I dont think so, Take2.11 Take2 has sent Cease and Decist letters to the creators of OpenIV, a mod that allows for the creation of singleplayeronly mods for this game.Take2 does not care about the creative community behind its own games, simple as that. OpenIV did absolutely nothing wrong and Take2 decided they didnt want to deal with it.This review is honestly only covering the surface of this games issues. I really would like to see some improvement on Take2 and Rockstars side before I changed my review.