Ive been playing GTA since the GTA 3 days, loved the series, still go back to San Andreas from time to time. The only positive aspect of this game was the Single Player portion which I have played through twice and loved modding to play my own style offline. Unfortunately, I am extremely disappointed with both Rockstar and the current state of Grand Theft Auto and cannot recommend this product to anyone for the following reasons.There is a real disconnect between what the community likes and wants and what Rockstar has been doing since the launch of GTA Online. Almost immediately they broke commitments to expand on the single player portion of the game to instead milk countless microtransactions out of players in the form of SharkCards. The grind for cash, should you choose to do it honestly, is daunting. Mission payouts are small compared to the cost of purchasing vehicles, property, and ammunition. Any casual players looking to jump in and do anything higher level players are doing, or driving, will be hard pressed to not purchase ingame currency just to keep up with the overpriced and overpowered hardware being used in every lobby. Speaking of lobbies  the community is toxic and is poorly moderated by Rockstar. Racist, hatefilled speech floods the voice and text chats in most lobbies and the reporting and complaint portion of the game has a cooldown timer to report players. This highlights, for me, a disinterest on the part of Rockstar to hold players accountable and foster an environment that is fun and engaging to play in. It is my opinion that they do not care about the community and only seek to make a profit by any means necessary.The continued inaction by Rockstar to address the overthetop cheating, griefing, and toxicity in GTAO has spilled over into Single Player and ruined the game for a large community of players who enjoyed minding their own business and legally modding an offline portion of the game for their own enjoyment. However you want to split hairs over TakeTwo and Rockstar Games involvement is irrelevant to me this callous and shortsighted move to ceaseanddesist OpenIV is one of desperation on Rockstars part to protect their own profits and ensure that GTAO remains funtional for their own benefit. It needlessly punishes players who have done nothing wrong. I would not be surprised if the oncegreat Rockstar Games pulls a Bethesda move and introduces their own paid mods, it would be right up there with the current handling of GTAO.I do not recommend you buy this game or waste your time the online portion relies too heavily on overcommitment on the players part if they will not pay to win, online is poory moderated, and the offline portion has not seen promised updates and support. Furthermore, offline has been limited in potential by the developer by ending communitydeveloped mod support after stating it was legal in past statements. The raucous hype surrounding this game is just that you will get bored, you will find something else to play, and you will regret wasting your money on this. Do not give Rockstar your money.