A bit late to the game reviews. So I have it on xbox one but when PC came  I have a decent pc so I also wanted to see this game in all its glory at full settings out I didnt event think about it twice. The ability to experience everything in a decent fist person view was extremely inticing and after playing on 1st person I was extrenely happy to double dip. I might have not put that many hours on PC because I went staight online at the first chance that I could and I did. Long story short instead on grinding like I did on my xbox I saved money real money little by little and bought a lot of shark cards, my character was pimpin and had around 500 million left over. Apparently they marked me as I cheated and got adjusted to less than 1 million after. I contacted their support center and pretty much got a theres nothing they could do I said I have proof on my statements that all that money was legit bought but they didnt want to look at it. After this I have to say that I got played and robbed seems like they took lessons from the story of the game to do the same thing to their customers. All that money invested real money was just taken away and they wont even at least give me a refund of the cards that I bought, all probably because of my low level and high income on my character, they just automatically assumed I cheated, or exploited, even when I said I have evidece that if they look at it , it will add up. Rockstar you lost a fan with me for futures games as well. Literally robbed me  if I was rich i wouldnt care but I have a regular job and took months of saving just so I can spoil myself. I will never do online in this game SP is at least fun enought to replay but I wont buy ever again from them and will reccomend the same to my friends who also lost hours of grinding since they didnt buy shark cards. Its a fantastic game and probably my favorite but I will never reccomended it ever again or any future games from rockstar. Im still upset because I actually paid real money for this  I never buy microtransaction ever for any other game but GTA was good enought that I made an exception because I trusted rockstar and felt it was worth. I dont even think I was this upset when I caught an ex cheating on me lol. Im sure rockstar burned a lot of bridges with a lot of its fans. But the thought of my real money was stolen to me thats just unforgiveable. I wish my fellow gamers the best of luck that this never happens to you, in my case with RS, I will never forgive and forget and i am a type who will give you chances if I relaize you wanted to try to do better, but you treated me like a criminal , even more criminal than the main protagonist of the game. I understand that you need to protect the integrity of your games but when you make a mistake I believe you should consider taking and researching the cases individually specially when said person has evidence to show everything was legit, but throw someone under the bus just because you want to get an extra penny its just impossible to not see you as profit hungry  i understand you are a company and profits are your main priority but trying to make a quick buck by litteraly backstabbing the very people who are the number one reason that you guys get to go home and enjoy life with a good salary is just wrong , i use wrong because I am still trying to be respectful on explaining my disappointment but if you wish to know what words I really wanted to use just pick one of my sentences of how I feel about the disappointment Ive stated and multiply it by cancer and add  zika into the mix. Anyways, Im sure this rant will fall into deaf ears by you but to all other gamers who are considering getting this game I will tell you, the single player is fantastic , the online is BS but even if your looking for a good story I really hope you skip this one because the reason that Rockstar just plays dirty with their customer, so I dont feel they should be supported, they have made billions in profit with this IP alone but we should now not give em an extra dollar and let them burn the profit theyve made and for future installments as well. Mistakes can happen like when you decided to take the ability to mod single player and thats undestandable, but this felt delibarate, forcing players to have to restart their hard work just to get a glimples of your new multiplayer content since we know singleplayer extra content will never happen so now you either spent ridiculous amontus of money again to catch up or get left behind. Im very dissapointed and a bit heartbroken, GTA 5 kept me sane on my deployments to the middle east since my laptop that has a copy can run it  but I think its time to get divorced, you did me dirty and that was unforgiveable. I wish you all the best and that people can actually forgive, if not I see a bumpy road for you, but I reasure you, you have lost a client and worse, a good loyal fan for life. Have a good night everybody else. This is the first review Ive ever written so you can imagine magnitude of my disappointment and the need to not only wanr others but to acutally get it out of my system.