So for anyone who wants the game but is unsure about getting it now thanks to everyone ing at Take Two for getting rid of modding I will review the actual game not the media surrounding it. At full price the game is worth it. You will have hours upon hours of fun in the story and open world of the game with one of the best stories I have ever seen in a game with loads to do like missions, kill contracts and jobs with three great characters that each have their own special ability which makes playing a mission with all three at once, swapping between them, really awesome. Once you have finished the story and even the side missions you can still do things in the world lile the many Easter eggs, actaully go hunting as there is wildlife such as deer in the forests or explore and create chaos and destruction. The online is next. Online brings all the chaos, guns, cars, missions and world of GTA and lets it go wild with regular updates that give more missions, vehicles and weapons like a yatch, tommy guns, the latest cars and even the ability to create your own business empire or biker gang. These are all done with the chaos of other real people around you! Finally modding. Modding has now been kind of unbanned now thanks to Rockstar telling Take Two to basically calm down so you can mod in single player. These mods are great and almost everything is possible from train constructors to Ian man, jesus to turning into s! The list goes on Ive even seen a fishing mod and a truck driver mod. Permanently fps is also good as the game is quite easy to run. Lastly online progression is grest and unlike previous GTA titles progression saves and you can have houses, cars and a character that is linked to your rockstar account through all platforms of the game. These are all the positives with GTA 5.The negatives are few but worth mentioning Which are basically the first person sucks to be honest and the fov for it is bad a the highest, walking around with a controller feels bad not from a pc master race perspective but it always feels delayed on the pc and multiple consoles i have played it on on different monitors and tvs, online is full of s who kill you for no reason, although there are private online lobbies the activities you can do are limited and because of online character progression you cant mod online at all. Finally money isnt the easiest to get unless you have 3 friends who have high end apartments to do the hiests with or spend ages grinding online missions. Shark cards are the only micro transaction you can buy and its real money for ingame money. Finally the loading times are long. Like really long so if you have an SSD use it!To conclude if you liked old GTA titles or like the look of this game then it wont let you down with its awesome story, great amount of content, beautiful world and good online with regular content drops. No fake trailers all is what you can do and its great to experience. Yes there are some downsides but no game is perfect  this is pretty close and yes my time in game isnt the highest but offline steam hours and the hundreds of hours in the ps4 version may re assure you that this game is worth spending your money on  especially if you have three friends to do the hiests, races, drug raids, car theft, bikers missions, and blowingup then going to the beach on a BMX after a hard day of destruction and riding the big wheel. When you have this game 98 of the time you are laughing, having fun and the 2 is the complaining and long loading times. Mainly the 2 is the loading times.Well i think that is all of it so go enjoy yourself in GTA and i hope no feminist comes and has ago at you for hitting strippers with baseball bats... or was it running them over? Anyway have fun! 