Lets be clear. I was NOT banned. Hell, I even received a significant amount of illegal money, which I personally view as making up for millions of ingame  being irreversibly squandered on things I could only describe as deliberately useless cashsink traps. But I wasnt banned. I quit for other reasons.Before we continue, I will point out that the singleplayer game is very good. It will never, ever see an update because Rockstore wouldnt get a cashflow from it, but if you want a solid SP game, this one is pretty damn great.Reason GTA Online is trash 1The game is deliberately balanced horrifyingly against the players in terms of timetopayoff ratio. Look at my hour count. Even with that many hours, I still only ranked about Uppermiddle as far as how much stuff I had compared to other players. Why? An economic system centered around getting players to buy into their shockingly expensive sharkcards. Buy fake money with real money. And Rockstore has done an amazing job of making sure the things you want require ten to fifty hours of committed playtime to get them wihtout spending real money on fake money.Reason GTA Online is trash 2Disastrously imbalanced weaponized vehicles, and its only getting worse. You want to play with your freinds in relative peace? Or at the very least, have a vaguely fair fight in the event someone wants to interfere? Too bad. Somone has a fliying motorcycle with frontmounted homing missiles and there is little, if anything you can do about it. I just fired up GTAO again for the first time in two months yesterday only to be relentlessly killed by one of these jackasses. What can you do about it? Nothing.  you.Reason GTA Online is trash 3The nonfreeworld missions are dead. Lobbies are empty. The freeworld missions are pretty lacking, extremely repetitive, and a favorite target for the jerks from reason 2.Reason GTA Online is trash 4Cheaters. If youve been reading other reviews, you already know about the cheaters. Moving on.Reason GTA Online is trash 5Hearkens back to 1  With every new update comes out, everything gets much MUCH more expensive. About two years ago, an update released a car called the Warrener. It was a very regular car, no batmobile bullshot, cost 120,000 Prices were already bloating at that point Anyway, a few months ago, in a newer update, they put out a new car that is basically the EXACT SAME car again, only its a two door version and has a few racecar looking liveries. The performance is about the same. This one costs well over 600,000. A new player couldnt make that much scratch in a whole 12hour day of playtime. Holy ship, guys. And thats for a basic, useless car that isnt even fast.Reason GTA Online is trash 6The freeplay shared world, which has become the only way you can feasibly play with others online. New business option are touted like theyre this big amazing thing but they arent  theyre dirty math tricks. Theyre all reskinned versions of the first one, which was terrible from the start. They cost extraordinary amounts of money to get started  money you will never likely recover enough to justify. There is no winning. Its rigged against you, forever. Even the businesses which can turn a viable profit take so long to do it that you will spend hundreds of hours just....  basically grinding. Every mission is shallow, repetitive, and either far too easy or just plain needlessly long. There is only one mission that has anything faintly resembling depth, and that is Los Santos Connection in the contact missions, which is among the nonfreeworld dead lobbies I mentioned earlier.I hate that I am becoming one of those people who has to regularly leave terrible negative reviews but the things these companies are doing is becoming disgusting and offensive. Ive played every GTA title there is, and loved them all. There is a very real possibility I wont play the next one. Rockstore has made it very clear what they have in mind for the future and I want no part of it.