OpenIV is now allowed aigan! Time to remove my negative review, right? Nah, actually...Although the ones in charge for this act now recalled their actions, the damage has been done and they exposed themselves to willingly damage the playability of the singleplayer game in order to get the highest profit possible. Since OpenIV can in no ways be used in the online game to harm other players, and at least Rockstar shouldve known that.Its still unclear if this attempt was made by TakeTwo solely or by Rockstar who just as well could have used TakeTwo as a shield.The singleplayer is alright, somehow. Story wise I found this game very boring. You can play with one of 3 characters Franklin, Micheal and Trevor each with one special abilityFranklin can slow time while driving.Micheal can slow time while not driving.Trevor can get into a badass mode to deal more damage.You can switch between them whenever you want.After the first half, I had to force myself to play the other half of the game. Unlike the past GTA games, it nowhere captured me.Exploring the world and do activities with the NPCs within this world however is kind of fun. But even that gets boring quite fast, especially with the lack of contentupdates for the singleplayer.I wont say that there should have been storyDLCs but I cant understand, why the DLCs that came out are all exclusive for the online mode. For example Over the years, the ability to purchase offices, bikerclubs and bunkers have been added in the online mode, each with their own missions and tasks. Nothing of that was added to the singleplayer.I wouldve found it interesting if Rockstar would have made it so, that each of the main characters gets their own thing. Micheal could get the offices, Franklin the clubhouses and Trevor the bunkers. Am I the only one who thinks that this wouldve been a great idea?After you created a character with probably the most annoying and overall worst character creator ever, you will find yourself in a world full of grinding... plain and simple. Seriously, thats it! Its basically designed to get as many players as possible to spend money on an ingame currency to get all the ingame stuff which is way to expansive. The most expensive plane that can be purchased for example is way more expansive than the game itself! Thats just ridiculous!And this game has a hacker problem, at least thats what everyone says. I can still count the amount of hackers that Ive found with both hands. Still, the actual problem is the anticheat system, you literally can get banned permanently when a hacker gives you money, even if it happens aiganst your will.