This game is great. The story line is amazing and graphically, this game looks awesome!As for online, well thats another story. Ive been playing GTA Online since the first day it released on PlayStation3. The trailer Rockstar released for GTA Online looked like nothing else at the time. The online aspect of the game was great. However, now Rockstar expect you to1 Buy 100s of real life money on Shark Cards so you can buy the latest car in game, or the latest property only to find out the car is no different to all the rest and the property is completely useless to everyone.2 Deal with the unbelievable amount of hackers/modders that Rockstar refuse to ban. From getting trapped in cages to being teleported inside a waterfall to being blown up out of nowhere, they always find a way to annoy the life you of you.3 Deal with every session taking 5 million hours to load only to find out that you have timed out and you have to go back to story mode and try again. I mean I suppose it is a little too much to ask as it has only been 4years since this game has been released. 4 years and they still havent fixed their servers.............................4 Deal with the most horrible disgusting life form on this planet  the griefer. The griefer is someone who cant get over how good he/she is at playing the game. They cant get over the fact that they are the best at constantly killing people over and over and over again. They love the fact that they are ruining the poor victims gaming experience. They spend thousands of hours playing the game and in those hours, they dont do missions, they just run about the map brutally murdering people for no reason. When the poor victim inevitably cracks and enables Passive mode the griefer doesnt miss a chance to call him/her a noob and then continues to insult them over the text chat until the victim has had enough and leaves. The griefer then moves on to the next victim and it goes on and on and on and on. Although this doesnt seem too annoying if you havent experienced such a person, believe me, it annoyed me so much that I wrote this review.Other than those points, this game is awesome!10/10 would never buy again.