After seeing the massive abuse of the gaming community with how they basically DripFed us the game on multiple platforms over the course of about 3 years, I refuse to support any game coming out in the future that contains microtransactions for anything. I especially wont support the withholding of content for the sake of selling it off separately to generate more profit things like all Characters not being included in a fighting game on release, or cosmetic items being excluded from games and being sold to us rather than being unlockables, or devs making unlockables unreasonably time consuming and difficult to unlock while selling ingame currency to save players the required time for unlocking said ingame items. Im not against these companies making money, but I am against how theyre going about it. Anyone who plays GTA V on a decent PC can go and look at the game being played on a PS3 or a PS4 and notice that those systems are barely running the game with satisfactory performance. It didnt get worse looking over the years it always looked like that. This game was originally developed on PC, and its my own personal belief that it was developed specifically for the PC and then later optimized and scaled down to run okayish on the previous and currnet generation consoles for the sake of generating more sales.They knew that players would see the jump in quality from ps3 to ps4 and from ps4 to pc and go WOW, Rockstar is awesome! I cant wait for the game to be released again on ps4/ PC so that I can buy it again. They made record sales on each release of the game, and Im ashamed to admit that I was one of the suckers who bought this game more than 4 times. The people at take 2 and rockstar making the decisions for how money is made from this game do not care about making the game better or ensuring that players are having the highest quality of fun possible playing it they only care about making the game pretty looking and fun enough to keep players paying them loads of actual money so that they dont have to grind for weeks to access the free to access DLC. As a community we should stop supporting these companies that exploit and take advantage of their playerbases just to make more money.In GTA V and GTA Online, the cops are still omnipresent and allknowing aimbots that only shoot and kill players. They dont ticket you, arrest you, or really do anything resembling an escalation of force. Theyre just savages. The developers have done their best to make more money off their player base, and very little in the way of improving the games core mechanics or correcting deficiencies in areas of the game that affect players abilities to enjoy it. If large 30 player lobbies nearly being full cause lag and stutter, smaller lobby sizes should be an option. Control schemes could function better having to repeatedly mash a button to sprint is silly and shortens the lifespan of controllers for those who use them. Each free to access DLC has been more expensive and difficult to access and enjoy than the last.. the most recent gunrunning update was very underwhelming to say the least. The character creation aspect of the game is lacking  much in its ability to allow players to be creative when creating their characters.. all the characters have the same body type and none of the female characters can have long hair.Ive poured a lot of time into GTA, and I can honestly say that the game is not really that fun when you have to grind forever just to afford a 500,000 thousand dollar car. The game is more focused on  revenue rather than fun..and it plays more like an exaggerated life simulator. Games should be fun experiences, not money vacuums. Save your money and your time and dont buy this game.