Singleplayer is okay, but even the endgame of singleplayer is a grindfest... then online is a super grindfest... oh yeah, and Rockstar/TakeTwo just took a smoking dump all over the moding community by canning OpenIV... so there is that. In one swoop they gutted most modding and/or the ability to expand the singleplayer side of the game... so GTAV now has less flexibility and potential than San Andreas, Vice City, GTA3, etc. EDIT Apparently a week after it happened, Rockstar completely reversed its decision and OpenIV is now able to be distributed again... yay, more game drama. barf  Problem is, since this shows the truest colors of Rockstar and TakeTwo... even though Ive been feeling an itch to play GTA V lately... out of principle, as well as concern for the next time they do this because it hasnt exactly been the first time... not sure I can bring myself to fire this game back up again sadly.PS  I so wish Saints Row was back, and went back to their roots from part 2... 3 and 4 were good/decent... but SR2 was just so much more from the ground up and personal. PEDIT 2 After playing this again a bit... game overall is probably the most underwhelming GTA to date. The storyline/singleplayer is the shortest one to date when looking at just main storyline then theres side diversions and such, of all games capable of being modded, even former GTA games, this has to be the most ducttape/patchwork modsystem EVER in gaming... and for a game thats 4 years old and probably one of the most modded games, the moddingsystems in place are just plain sad the modding capabilities are great, but what a cluster!!!. Community is one of the more toxic just peruse the forums for about 2 minutes for proof of that... multiplayer is STILL riddled with hackers even though the mindless fanboys that want to pretend they have some clue what theyre talking about, will in one sentence claim the anticheat system works pretty good, then not long later say, the hackers are more due to trainers than mods or its hackers, not modders, so its not mods to blame... completely not realizing that it sort of proves that OBVIOUSLY and UNARGUABLY the anticheat is BOLDLY not working... especially if the BIGGEST and most APPARENT complaint of the online is HACKERS AND CHEATERS, rofl! From experience too, I usually cant stand playing multiplayer, even in MMOs I tend to play solo... but once in awhile Ill go into a public online game in GTAO... hackers used to be kind of bad, now theyre just horrible and out of control... each time I go public, AT LEAST ONCE, Ill get teleported out from a safehouse you know, where youre supposed to be SAFE while chilling and taking a break to take it easy, to end up in some random location to be dropped to my death from far up having to wait out the fall and watch myself die, to also lose ingame money... one time it was so bad that as soon as Id respawn Id be launched someplace else... up to SIX different times until I finallly forcequit the game with taskmanager.In fact, cheating in the online is becoming so regular, that typically on average theres usually AT LEAST one cheater/hacker/modder whatever you wish to refer to them as in each public session/instance... its to the point where if you want to play publicly, its near impossible to avoid cheaters/hackers/modders... only real option is inviteonly with friends that you know... because OBVIOUSLY anticheat ISNT WORKING regardless of what the fanboys want to delude themselves of, either that or they themselves are cheaters/hackers/modders trying to trick people into a trap... and OBVIOUSLY GTAO is no better especially when figuring in that R focuses more on keeping prices high and selling currency for RL cash than busting cheaters than the typical asiangrind p2wf2pMMO for the record not all f2p and not all Asian mmos are this way... but the ones that are, are not only a nightmare, but also the bottom of the barrel that weve all heard the horror stories of... thats the equivalent of GTAO. 