I have bought this game three times XB 360, One, and now PC and I love it.The content added to the game over the years has been great and its been very generous for Rockstar to hand out DLC for free. The game has its flaws, but thats perfectly ok as long as the developers try to make your gaming experience better. As my frien put it, I would happily spend 100 on GTA with all the content is has now. And so would I.Modding a game for the most part is almost entirely benefitial to the game. Youve seen it with Bethesda titles such as Skyrim and Fallout, and was very true for even GTA VI. Modding allows for communities to form and interact with one another to find ways to make a game even better. Its a passion and it takes hard work and dedication to create custom content for the games we already love. We do it not to insult the creators, but to make our own stories and discover our own artistic interests. If the creators of a game refuses to improve their games, then the community will. Plain and simple.Games such as GTA V that are more susceptible to alterations and modifications only entice players to jump on the creative train and take their shot at making something wonderful. If the game one makes is easily manipulated, then one cannot complain that people take advantage of it. Its better to encourage modding than to spend thousands of dollars to prevent it, something Rockstar clearly has not done. There will always be someone willing to change the code and enter a section of the games engine that was never inteded to be breached.Singleplayer is a portion of ther game entirely different from its multiplayer countrpart. Taking away modding from a singleplayer game serves absolutely no purpose and should never be done. Thats why people mod singleplayer sections of game, to not ruin the multiplayer experience.Take Two, this was a huge mistake and it should be considered fraud. Thousands of players have purchased GTA V multiple times, and you should have no right to ban players based on yourof cheating. People who have spent 180 on your game should not be banned because of a flaw in your game design. No one asked you to create a currency in your game, and no one said you had to create free DLC. You could have simply left the game alone and let the communty imprive it. Banning players for singleplayer modding is a great way to kill a game you spent millions on developing. Stop acting like youre underpayed and underappreciated. These reviews should have been the first thing you thought about when making this decision.Modding is an art form, its the same reason people become game developers. You cant just hinder someones want for creativity. Next time think with your brain instead of your wallet. 