It used to be good, and story is still fun, but online is just grinding now, they dont care about you, they only care about the money. They have a clever system in which youd need hundreds of hours to actually have a good car, a high end apartment and atleast a hydra, its getting annoying, because this system unless you like grinding makes you wanna buy a shark card which is incredibly expensive especially for digital currency no bitcoin go away this is a game youre actual currency. Since Ive played the entire story twice I am now modding singleplayer, I dont wanna ruin other players experience and its quite fun to be a police too. Other than that, I do not recommend it if youre in for the multiplayer, which suprise surprise, is the only thing getting updated now.On singleplayer Rockstar has this damned feature that despawns all multiplayer cars such as the Deluxo if youre modding singleplayer, its as if they really want you to buy sharkcards to actually use the cars and the features.Another thing is balance, recently in the Doomsday update the heist is annoying btw i dont suggest you do it, enemies constantly spawn andand its infuriating if youre doing 3 players or less. they added the orbital satellite thing, in order to use it to kill people you must pay ingame currency, there is an autolock way too which just aims at the target constantly, assuring the targets death, which by surprise costs more. There is no way of knowing if youre getting targeted and its annoying, since by experience I dont think destroying personal vehicles even costs you that way. Its basically like the tool that modders use on online, you can kill anyone with mods video, as I said, I dont mod online and now they made it possible to the nonmodding community too. Sure you could make a private lobby and limit the things you do and also not have anyone to interact with, and also the bad sport/good sport lobby, seriously? In a game where all you do is crimes and killing, you get into a bad sport lobby if you kill too many people/destroy too many personal vehicles, its a game where youre normally doing that for  sakes! I really dont recommend this game if youre an online dude.