Part 1 Ok so this thing says to be polite when reviewing games so im going to do my best...here we go...To say that I have a deep hatred for this game and Rockstar as a company solely because of this game, would be an understatement.. If you have not purchased this game yet, let me do you a huge favor and say unless you are buying this game SOLELY for the story mode and have 0 intentions of playing online, DO NOT WASTE YOURE HARD EARNED MONEY ON THIS TRASH! Dont waste GIFT money on this trash! Dont even waste stolen or money you just found laying around on it! Seriously...First things first...some positives about the game. You can steal cars, drive around, shoot stuff, go to the strip club, upgrade cars, purchase military vehicles and buy a rather nice looking house or yacht to live in. Also, the single player story mode has an interesting plot thats engaging with a huge world to explore and some in depth nuances a person could play game theory with. And if im being honest, thats pretty much about where the positives end. When I first started playing this game online, I ran across a hacker. He was a benevolent one though..I was low level and he helped me out by giving me a ton of free money and his reasoning for why, or should I say, his warning, I never forgot. He warned me then there were plenty of s that I would run in to playing this game and so he figured hed do what he could to at least give me a fighting chance starting off. Boy was it much needed, so much more so than I could realize. With that said, on to the negatives.First off, there are a number of different ways to earn money online, ALL of them suck. Here are your options  you can either do heists, which you HAVE to purchase a house with a 10 car garage first to even be able to host heists. Once you spend a huge chunk of your change you likely saved up from helping other people do their heists to get your house, now when you host, you gotta sit there, sometimes for 30 minutes, 45 minutes, its not uncommon to even be sitting there for up to an hour or more waiting for people to join your heist. But lets say you get lucky and you ONLY end up waiting about 15 minutes..then you start the heist, fail about 5 times because some  swears they know better than you and wont listen to instruction or plain old doesnt speak your native language, which i assume to be english if youre reading this review, or they just keep foolin around until finally, someone gets fed up with doing the same thing over and over and never passing it and they leave. Now youve wasted another 30 to 45 minutes just trying to complete ONE setup mission. Youre already in an hour and some change and have nothing to show for it..and now you have to load the lobby back up and do it all over again...and speaking of loading...dear God, I have NEVER played a game with longer load times than this one. Ive timed it before and literally, no kidding, again, another 10, 15 minutes sitting at a black screen or a white screen or whatever loading screen waiting to get online..then waiting to join a new lobby after a mission or heist...then waiting to go to a new session because the one youre in is littered with dickbag hackers, but more on them later. So if you arent heisting, your next option is CEO missions which can either be done as the president of a motorcycle club, a shady warehouse owner selling drugs, jewelry, weapons and the like, or bunker missions where you have to buy a bunker, or as a VIP and a few other options. The ONLY one that doesnt involve any risk to your assets is VIP but of course it doesnt pay as much as the others and theres a timer on the missions so once you do one, you have to wait before you can do another. If you want to fill up your ceo warehouse, you have to first buy a warehouse, which is expensive af because gtas economy is..40,000 dollars just for a dam color change on your gun..50,000 dollars for a silencer or extended mags or a useless scope that doesnt seem to do anything but make your gun less accurate if you try to use it in first person view...10,000 dollar shirts and thats on the cheaper end..anyway, you gotta buy a bunker, then you gotta place an order for supplies. The cheapest you can go is 2,000 but youll spend FOREVER trying to fill up a large bunker buying 2,000 supplies every time. So most people opt for the most expensive choice of 18,000. Once you purchase the supplies, now you gotta go pick it up but of course thats RARELY ever simple. More times than not, you have to fight a ton of npcs guarding it when you get there, then after you kill them and collect it, more times than not, its in a slowvan or truck that damn near any other vehicle in the game can run down with ease and you have to transport it half way across GTAs hugemap, with MORE npcs chasing after you trying to kill you AND other players...because, you know, Rockstar thought it was a good idea to say hey! why dont we notify EVERYONE in the lobby that this person is minding their own ing business trying to collect supplies for their business so they can make money, and reward people for stopping them and destroying their stuff! Well even make them show as a big brightred dot on the map so theres no way you can miss them! Inevitably, someone swoops in with a jet or runs you down in a car, blows you up and now your 18,000 dollars worth of supplies is gone and youve wasted your money and your time. I would go through the nitpicky details of each ceo mission type but for the sake of not writing an entire book for a review, just know that its basically the same thing for the other ceo mission types. And lets say you FINALLY managed to fill your warehouse and youre ready to sell and collect on the big bucks! Welp, if youve gotta large warehouse, youre gonna have to hire other players to help you drive all the vehicles youll be given because of course you cant choose, to the drop off spots. And of course everyone in the lobby will again be notified and rewarded for destroying your precious cargo that youve undoubtedly spent literal, actual hours trying to collect. Not only are you now even more concerned about other players, but youve gotta be concerned about the people you hired. Lets say theyre not the best driver or the best pilot..ive literally been in the passenger seat as I watched a plane carrying 1.2 million dollars worth of cargo  a full large scale warehouse that was packed out   in it, go down and explode because the pilot didnt know what he was doing. Imagine how mad the completely uninspired to play this pos game youd feel, knowing it literally took you weeks to fill that thing playing here and there in your off time. I could go on and on on just that subject alone but lets continue, theres so much more to talk about!Secondly, you cant sell your guns, houses, warehouses, bunkers, clubhouses, yachts, or specialty vehicles! You were scrolling through the guns in Ammunation and accidentally bought a gun you just wanted to look at? Too bad! Its yours now! No sell backs and even worse, you cant even permanently drop it and just leave it on the ground. The only way to at least get it out of your inventory for any solid length of time, is to buy the gun locker upgrade which is about 3/4 of a mil if im remembering correctly for your ceo business. And even then, it ONLY applies in free roam! If you pick up a heist or a mission, all of the guns youve ever bought are in your inventory which means, when youre looking for one specific gun, youve got to cycle through about 30 other guns before you finally get to theyou want and thats every...single...time...you load into a new mission..Its like Rockstar keeps putting out updates for more cars, more aircraft, more missions, and thats nice and all but fix theyou already got! Let me sell the guns Im not using anymore 