This game feels so much like a Free to Play tittle. Let me give you guys a little background iI bought this game 3 times now om ps3 at launch, on PS4 When i upgraded, then on PC when i upgraded further.PS3 this was the glory days with easy amd enjoyable money making methids you could do with your friends everyone would whine at R for the heist but the game was still ridiculously fun with all the gamemodes and reasonably priced cars the OG Bugatti was the mist expensive at the time.PS4/PC I didnt pay much on PS4 or else i wouldve known better then to buy it again with the criminal starter pack for a Boost I have 150 hours into the game and im still broke, with all the businesses you can own its still pretty abismal in returns especially when doing them with your friends... I.E. Exporting a car the best consistent way of making money, if you import a car you dont make any money neither does your friend no incentive for them to do it pair that with NPCs amd players hunting down your car you are sure to pay to repair it, if your friend is driving it although he is making 0.00 he gets charged for repaira ridiculous. Alright but exporting makes a lot of money right? Yes and no here is where we get to the Free2Play characteristics of a 50.00 game more if you bought the so called DLC after exporting which you make 100k per car if and only if you pay 20k per car to upgrade it driving through an onslaught of NPCs causing damage and reducing your pay for the car Lets say with a friend, you might make an okay sum, but your friend after all that grinding of importing might make 20k maybe, on top of that you have to wait a 20 MINUTE COOL DOWN before you can export again. What a joke and its like this for most aspects of the game combine this with everything being way overpriced always over 1million usually above 2mil. And to obtain any 1 thing you want in the game is a GRIND sort if a Free2Play... Pay2Enjoy type game. All incentivice the purchase of sharkcards which during ps3 era wasnt too bad as most items where reasonably priced so you could get a lot with 20,so i used considered this good for brand new players who didnt want to grind 50 hours but with these overpriced items a sharkcard can maybe buy you a plane or a single car depending how much money you drop which is insane no 1 item in a paid game should be worth 20 USD. This system has gotten way out off hand. Now and days you should buy this game for single player but multiplayerPREDICTIONS FROM A PROPHECY This game is almost following the path of DC Universe Online, which was initially pay to play now its Free2Play which i believe will be the cass when they drop a new multilayer experience, this game wont stop receiving updates by what Ive seen. Instead itll move into a Free2Play standalone tittle while you will still have to buy the single player experience.Conclusion Buy only for single player as Online is a Free2Play game by all the accounts from low profit GRINDING to OVERPRICED ITEMS to Ridiculous  COOLDOWN Timers. All of which sounds like recipes for a Free2Play     Pay2Win tittle.