Overall, I had gotten this game as a gift from my friend, Which I was happy enough when he sent me the gift over on my vacation a couple months back.   This game is something I have been waiting to get into since my last playthrough of Vice City, And San Andreas on my old Ps2, and my Laptop.  For me being a console player, Id say this will not dissapoint you at all. And I ALSO remind you all that using the controller is more easier than using your keyboard and mouse, But that is just me, It does not matter what you pick, Its still the same gameAlright now I will get into the basics of my review.Lets talk about the Single Player,Overall the singleplayer is something you will spend about a couple of hours on,  The characters are memorable, And the story itself is pretty sweet.   And yet, The main cast of voice actors are one of the best parts in the game itself.    Ill just end this portion off with saying, its one of Rockstars masterpieces.   I do reccomend the older games like III,SA,and VC.9/10.Now I get to the Multiplayer Oh Boy.This was something I have really was excited to try out. GTA Online was something my friends had mentioned to me a few times on my skype group I had a couple months ago and they kept telling me that this portion of the game was amazing enough, and that once you get into it, You do not want to leave at all.   Alrighty then, So I do not see why people hate this section. Oh wait, Theres one thing I hated.  the chat is insane enough as it is. But you could just tend to ignore it.   But now  from what I have heard, Modders ruineed the online experience. Which Is kinda true, I have seen a few players here on through, and it tends to get a tad bit annoying when you are playing for fun or any of that stuff.   But trust me, Its best you play the online mode on console, Or just play it some times in a private loby with friends.    Avoiding the people who hack and all of that.Mutiplayer on Pc gets a 6/10Overall, The PC version gets the job well done for now.  Only dissapointing thing that Rockstar had did to the pc version was that they had removed the mods off of the game, Pretty sucky isnt it? Yeah, It is.   But I reccomend that you avoid the Review section, Heck just ask a friend or a classmate who has played this and talked about it in your local areas then.  But I still do recommend that you at least try the game out.