Apart from the banning of OpenIV, Rockstar clearly encourages griefing in their lobbies, makes it harder to play alone, and does everything they can to coerce people into buying ingame money with real money.1. Almost everything fun in Online save for guns and the lowend vehicles is hideously expensive, from 3 million sports cars, to 3.5 million bikes, to 6 million yachts, etc. To even get into the new Gun Running update, you need to buy a bunker for between 1.1 million and 3.5 million depending on location. And to customize any of the multimillion dollar vehicles from the update AT ALL, you need to blow another 2 million on a special mobile operations center vehicle why cant you just get a paintjob at the usual garage?.2. Making money is stupid slow. Your daily objectives pay out 25k a day. Missions take upwards of 10 minutes and reward less than 10k on average. Exporting a car at the docks if you manage to find a wanted one pays MAX 8k. Really, anything apart from heists and CEO work is pocket change. Heists are a little better, but require four people to do and can get old fast since theres only four plus a fifth, twoplayer intro heist. And only one of THOSE pays enough to be worth farming. CEO work can only be done in a public lobby and still only pays a maximum of maybe 300k an hour if youre really good, which still means 612 hours of work for most single purchases. Plus its tedious work.3. Public lobbies are grieffests. If theres another player near you, theres about an 80 chance that theyre hostile and will use a powerful weapon like homing rockets or a nighindestructible car to kill you over and over again. Theyll also go after your CEO work shipments/cars and destroy them, meaning no money for you whatsoever and a meager payment to them as a reward, since starting CEO work also pings everyone elses map and specifically tells them to destroy the shipment for a reward. Did I mention that you can ONLY do CEO work in public lobbies? And they keep patching methods to join empty public lobbies.4. Online modders are rampant, either griefing every player in the lobby by spawning vehicles or explosions on them constantly, or giving them large amounts of experience and money which usually results in all of your money being taken away, modded or not, and its not unheard of to be banned for receiving the money against your will. The only updates they push are either new content which is expensive and grieffriendly or fixes to exploits. They never fix bugs, they never improve or balance existing content.So in short, they make everything outrageously expensive, make the only viable moneymaking methods highly griefable in fact, the game tells other players to grief you, and make it harder to play alone. Its plainly obvious to anyone that theyre doing this to encourage players to pay up for their shark cards.In general, I do not recommend the multiplayer portion of this game unless you have a few friends to play in private lobbies and do missions/heists with, and to try and bruteforce your way through CEO work with. But if you have friends and manage to make some money somehow, it can be some of the most fun youve ever had. 