So, In light of the recent crap thats went on in regards with OpenIV, Take 2/ R have really lost my respect as of right now and a reason only now as to why Im writing a review after nearly 900 hours on PC.First off, OpenIV was made for singleplayer modding in mind and was not meant for use in Online.  So before you even remotely say its going to stop Script kiddies in Online, dont bother even replying that it will.   The mod menus like Menyoo and Force Mod are still around causing havoc, because I /STILL/ see them after the Gunrunning update dropping dirty money.Its a scumbag move on their part and Rs damage control statment is not enough of a good reason.My overall review however of the game besides modding is as this however.Single PlayerI have played this on both 360 and PC and the story is pretty good for to keep you playing at the start but once you get into it it becomes pretty generic, Old fart who done bad stuff wondering what to do while dealing with a pretty crazy family.  A gangbanger who wants to be different and gets along with old fart to pull off a heist in a jewelery store to pay off some russian drug guy and a crazy motherfer who is pretty much every GTA player gets wiff of his old fart friend and finds him and the 3 team up and you get the rest at this point because spoilers n stuff.The real fun is the world itself and the many little details that R have put into this fantastic game without it being modded to begin with, the cars for instance, shoot the gas tank and it leaks fuel until it runs out and the car is done.  Peds comment if you drive past in a fancy car, cops drag eachother to safety when they are downed and there is wildlife that either kill you or avoid you as well as the many side activitys present in the game.Compared to GTA4 however, there are some dumbed down things, Paramedics dont revive anyone who was killed.  The car handling is too goddamm grippy and the roll over thing is stupid.  Oh and if you get rammed by cops, your steering automatically jerks to the side even if they didnt bother pitting you, which is lazy.  There are many more but these are some examples.I rate this a 8/10 since you HAVE to play it for the single player, because they did an amazing job at it at least.OnlineNOW, the more worser experience with GTAV is its multiplayer, and Ive been playing GTAO since November 2013 and it has pretty much gone down hill in its quality.For one, this game is NOT a F2P.  You have to own GTAV before you can even access it, and it is not a MMO since it does NOT use serversExcept for Cloud save data, thats it, they cheaped out and used P2P meaning you will see laggy players cheesing headshots from a .50 cal from time to time and it has very annoying load times where youll get stuck in the clouds oftenI would have rathered a goddamm loading screen at least instead of the annoying skycam.GTAO is more dumbed down from Single player and has less world details such as the gas tank leak as I mentioned earlier, oh and no animals.  Besides that, the main problems with GTAO stems from its playerbase, microtransactions and freemode itself.These problems are due to the followingK/D ratio counting in freeroam instead of the PVP jobs like it is supposed to, meaning players out to kill have a reason to do it to an exessive extent at some points.Weapons are unbalanced and every freemode battle is revolved around long range sniping, RPGs and general spam of explosives that insta kill within a certian radius compared to GTA4, where you could survive in some cases but with little health depending on where the splash damage hit.Certian activities and jobs are really underplayed now and they are never really endorsed and have very, very, VERY low pay out for its worth.  An example of this is parachute jobs, which are fun, but pay absolute crap.The recent updates STINK of moblie game like waiting times for your freeroam businesses.  Why I say this?  After you collect Cargo/Car/Supplies you have a wait timer.  Sold your stuff?  Gotta wait another while before you can sell again. On top of that it resorts to go here, shoot people, steal this every goddamm resupply which only makes it more boring as you play them.On the topic of freeroam businesses, they are pretty much moneysinks and take a long while to get money back off them once you invest in them.  And it doesnt help when the game automatically shows you on radar when you do a sell or resupply.    Because that draws in every annoying person to just blast yourinto next century with an unbalanced jet with cannons or again, cheap out by using explosives and that makes the taking the risk more irritating than a fair chase that makes that risk more rewarding.Shark cards are badly priced for its worth since the free extras have inflated prices, the most expensive Shark Card will get you a glorified boat appartment that gives you one crappy freeroam mission, and thats 8,000,000 GTA Dollars, the free content is a grindfest to get to if you are a completely new player who doesnt know what theyre doing  at this point they arent even hiding the fact that they are shoving them in peoples faces with ingame advertisements and special one time offers to selected player to entice you to buy them.  Please dont for the love of god, it is not worth your time wasting money on them.The Playerbase is often a toxic mess at times where its practically shoot everything going on even when there are people having a meet up for a car meet for instance, at any point, there is always one person/group who just want to start trouble and ruin others fun.   Passive mode does nothing to prevent this really and is often abused by those same people.And for nearly 4 years, there has been no map expansion to freshen the experience and barely any game changers relating to Onlines Story.Oh and uh, patching harmless glitches when they said they wouldnt.  RIP Cop Outfit glitch because no fun allowed.  To be honest, I would not recommend playing Online in its current state, its a solid 3/10 from me.