Ive been playing GTA since the very first one. Ive enjoyed it immensely every single one they have released and was even playing GTA Online before when san andreas supported it unofficially. They also had a GTA3 online. Cops and Robbers for anyone who was familiar, they should know what I am talking about. Let me start off by saying I just recently purchased this game. It took me a while because I didnt have a PC to run it, so as soon as I upgraded, this was my first purchase. I started it up and was impressed from the moment I started. They have done so much with this game, its production value is through the roof. There are so many things to do, so many subtle nuances, so many winks and nods. Its worth every penny. Some people wont like it. Thats okay, Ive seen a ton of negative reviews and it got me worried that this might not be a good game. They were so wrong. The fun Ive had playing this and discovering things is just through the roof. Its amazing. When you are running for your life, or trying to make a getaway, it gets the heart racing! Thats just one of the many things that make this so worth while. It has replay value as well. I love it, I enjoy it, and I am super happy I purchased it. This game gets a million stars out of 5. In summation, the story is awesome, you have 3 players that you play as. You can switch between them and play as whomever you want. Im super impressed!UPDATEI cannot reccomend online mode anymore. There are too many cheaters. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME FOR ONLINE MODE as you will be severely dissapointed. Story mode 10 out of 5 stars. Online mode used to be good when u can play. Now that there are cheaters in every game, I would have to say its not worth it. You will do all this work to earn your items and be unable to use them due to God mode cheaters, amongst other things they can do like just explode you out of nowhere. There has been one every time I play and I cannot enjoy this game anymore online. Buy it for the story, do not purchase for online mode. 