Where to start with this one. I was looking for something different to get into for online play so I picked this up on sale at half off and while it is a great game there are some incredibly serious flaws with the game that Rockstar simply does not seem to care at all about.The first is the 15 minute load times, that take you nowhere. Try to join a mission with someone, spend 5 minutes loading, mission launches and some noob quits it... theres another 10m load screen. You finish a mission, you get a 10 minute load screen. You fail to join a mission or try to find a new lobby... 10 minute load screen. You launch the game and try to log onto GTA online and thats a good 10 minute load screen. Its unbelievable that such a hugely successful company as Rockstar has such phenomenally  servers.The second is the hackers that Rockstar is not doing ANYTHING at all about. You cannot join a public lobby without some Chinese or Brazilian player using hacks to grief every single player on the server. Sure you can report these people but considering that you cannot find a multiplayer lobby, literally EVER, without blatant hackers in it... really sucks the fun out of the online experience. Particularly when you spend 10 minutes loading a game just to get stuck in a lobby with some smallhackers... its not cool at all, and considering that by my estimation right now at least 20 of the players online are using hacks... Rockstar needs to get on that, and pronto. I have never in my life as a hardcore gamer, not even in Diablo2 back in the day, seen such rampant hacking on online servers by a AAA game company with absolutely nothing being done about it.Then you have the quality of the players that you group with in random queues... its the worst. If you do not have friends to play this game with online, good luck, its really not worth it. And all that being said, its a real shame because this is one of the better online games I have played in recent years, but between the literal endless load times  you can realistically spend 45 minutes out of an hour just going from load screen to load screen, and my pc exceeds the recommended specs by quite a bit, and the blatant griefing pieces of crap hackers... this game is currently not one I would recommend to anyone.If Rockstar ever gets their crap together and starts cleaning up their act, it would be one of the best online experiences out there, but as it stands right now its easily one of the most disappointing online gaming experiences I have ever gone through.