It pains me to say it, but I just cant recommend this game at all. I got sucked into believing that all the negative reviews were just some old farts who didnt enjoy such a wellcrafted game, but it turns out that they were all telling the truth. Grand Theft Auto V sucks, and Ill explain why.GTA V is set in Los Santos, California, essentially a videogame rendition of Los Angelos. The singleplayer story mode revolves around three main characters Franklin, Michael, and Trevor. Franklin is a black man placed in a stereotypically hood life setting out in a sketchy neighborhood in Los Santos, where he deals with car insurance fraud, drug deals gone wrong, and his gangster friends who want to try to integrate him more into the dirty business that they deal with, much to Franklins displeasure. Franklin, while not necessarily looking down on crime, just wants to get himself in a more sophisticated position than some hood life gangster. Michael is a middlehigh class white man in his 40s who has supposedly moved past a life of crime, which included bank heisting in his 30s with other main character Trevor. Michael is the father in a dysfunctional family, and over the course of the story realizes that maybe life as a criminal really is the best option. Trevor is a redneck living in the outer skirts of Los Santos with a lust for blood. The man is a psycho who will kill in an instant given the slightest reason to. I dont actually remember much of the story, but it essentially consists of the three men getting together, doing heists, and realizing their problems yada yada yada. What I do remember is that the story is actually really good and very interesting at most points, definitely makes you want to keep playing it for many hours. The game and its story plays like any other GTA game, smash cars, drive cars, shoot people, kill people, get money, get rich, buy rich people stuff, be a cool criminal guy. Pretty fun singleplayer mode overall.GTA 5 also has a multiplayer setting. Here players are given their very own character to customize and play around with. In multiplayer the player can interact with other online players where they can amass wealth, participate in heists, race vehicles, explode stuff, kill stuff, go to strip clubs, or just hang out. Get rich, buy rich people stuff, and flaunt it to other people. Its a good time.Or is it?Im not even listing a PROS sections for this game. It doesnt deserve it.CONSThe game is incredibly poorly optimized for PC. This game was released in 2013. 4 years ago, if you will. And yet my modern gaming laptop with an i7 core processor and a fairly modern Nvidia graphics card can barely run this game. The game renders very slowly on my laptop and overall runs very poorly, which is unacceptable. I have games on this computer that are much more recent than GTA V, and yet they run infinitely better than GTA V does.The neverending loading screen. Youve probably heard it so much that its become a meme at this point, but it is so very true. Just loading into the game itself takes ages. And then you get into the game and you realize it wasnt worth the wait.Far too many controls on far too many different buttons. How the hell do console players get all their controls on one controller, while PC players for some reason have to use 75 of the keyboard to control the game? I actually had to remap half the controls because flying vehicles for some reason have to be controlled with the number pad, and I dont have a number pad. While remapping the controls, I realized that there were virtually no buttons left to map anything onto. And the game wont let you map two controls to the same button, so for some reason I cant map W to be my walk forward key and my pitch helicopter forward key even though I would never be walking and piloting a helicopter at the same time. Extremely frustrating.Multiplayer in general. Ill talk more about certain aspects, but once again this is another meme that is completely true.The multiplayer community sucks. In a lobby of 20 people, 10 of them are annoying 1012 year olds with irresponsible parents, 4 of them are hackers/modders actively trying to interfere with other players experiences, 4 of them are a bunch of friends doing heists/races, and 2 of them are actually tolerable human beings playing GTA Online.The grind for money in GTA Online is unreal. Unless if you play this game for at least 4 hours a day, 7 days a week, you will legitamately never get anything. Cars are expensive, car mods are expensive, DLC stuff is expensive. Everything is too damn expensive and there are too few ways to get cash fast and efficiently. So whats Rockstars solution? Offer cash cards for real money that offer very limited amounts of GTA Online money. Pathetic.Theres probably a crapton more stuff, but honestly Im getting tired of writing about this game so Im just gonna stop.2/10 Im only giving it a 2 because the story is interesting.PSA Please if you are a parent looking to buy this for your child, dont if your child is under 18. There are so many reasons why this game should not be played by 18 year olds. Graphic sexual content, EXTREME levels of profanity, very adult themes, high amounts of violence, on and on and on and on and on. Absolutely nothing that a child should be exposed to. Even as an adult some of the material in this game is very unsettleingly graphic to me. 