Ive decided my time is nigh, let me give you a real review.. Dismiss all these incompetent buffoons.First off. If you had any brains that werent equivalent to crusty youd know that the people downvoting this game because oohhh OpenIV is being shut downn ohh, its forever are the definition of preschool educated monkeys. You know why? Rockstar has been with mods this whole time. Do you really think a PARENT company not the people that MADE the game would really give half awhether you could make Franklin albino? NO! TakeTwo doesnt know jack sheissen about what the hell their games even are. To them, its just money. They hear everyone moaning about hackers, so of course they think a mod like OpenIV is the problem. Well, guess what ya dumb s. It aint! I knew from the VERY start OpenIV would be back, I knew this was all just because business men are stupid. I cant believe you people. I really cant. Modding is one of the reasons this game gets purchases, keeping single player modding open is literally just a profit for Rockstar.Dislike this all you want, you cuck. I agree it was wrong and stupid of them to do, but I dont agree that you should be butt hurt over something Rockstar didnt do. This is on TakeTwo, not GTA.Anyways.Im not really going to talk about single player, its great. Just play it, eh.As for Online? Ohhhh boy.. this is a different story. Online is extremely fun to play in sandbox/freeroam, with your friends or even with nice strangers.P.S if you wanna join the new Reich, The Arcane Society is the perfect thing for you in GTA, you should join.Wellll.. GTA Online is fun with friends. You know what aint fun?Lemme put it in a single, , jewish, word.Grinding.This game is quite literally jewish. It does almost no real work, and sits, while everyone else does the  jobs to get  money. You need an ungodly amount of  money to get ANYWHERE, they bait you with Shark cards and other  intuition. Its really not fun to grind. Thankfully. Hackers are everywhere, and if you want a free 700 million. Ask someone on the GTAGivers reddit page. They mod and do money drops for free. That eliminates the whole grinding business, thus leaving Online to be fun for everyone, and hey! You get everything in the game for free!You might wonder why I dont downvote this game for this ing terrible practice. Well, you wanna know why? Its because of you, all of you. Rockstar released the numbers they made on SHARK CARD sales, if youre curious?500 million.This is why the game is grindy as this is why I dont downvote the game. all of you who were part of those numbers, really, I mean it. If no one bought these stupid cards, theyd be gone by now, and Rockstar would see they need to REALLY improve Online to get some cash, but they dont. Because you guys spent this much in a year on virtual money.To hell with you all! 