Once a game I thought was gonna be amazing. I played the campaign the completion. Loved it, then realized I was fooled into loving this game later. Your single player experience will be the most powerful experience youll get from this game.Its not like Grand theft Auto IV where you enjoy the multiplayer and its other components.At any point Ill refer to Single Player as SP to save space and reading. Same for multiplayer, itll be MPHere are some of the postivies of the game Combat is very fluid to where it fits like a glove. Playing is a challenge while not being too easy or a chore. Story is a reward to experience as it works and flows well. Not very many plot holes where other Triple A games lack Initially having bugs and problems that were eventually patched out. Diverse content in single player initally in 2015 Character development is fun, intriguing and amazing to experience in SP New mechanic to play with characters in SP is used enough to make sense but also shows different character flow and ways to experience a mission Side missions are fun in theyre own time in SP thats its rewarding just to not progress the SP story For 59.99 in 2015 this game was worth its value and price The way the cinematography was done didnt take me out of the experience too much that it felt natural. Voice acting was amazing in SP that the characters felt real. They added heists to the MPNow to get the wall of negatives this game has For 59.99 in 2017, Its more of a rip off due to its development state. After initial release this game has become more MP focused than its SP counterpart. That could be good in some cases but SP was mainly ignored since release. MP has a grind like no other. Most games make the grind manageable but still challenging. This one has a decent grind however with every content update they release they make content obtainable through ingame purchases Leveling up has some purpose but to obtain true power, you must level up your wallet to get severe progress in MP Customer service has been poor over the years due to lack of support or claims, or customers being ignored. MP AntiCheat engine is unreliable I started the grind in MP in 2015, then the MP content prices ramped up so much that to achieve progress you had to resort to cheating or give most of your spare time in life to make a dent towards them If you were banned the first time, your progress was reset and you were locked out of your account for a month from MP Restarting a character in this age of GTA5 MP is gonna bankrupt you if you dont wanna regrind for months Load times are varying to good to outlandishly long in MP A connection error sends you into loading screens, which may happen at any point during MP. Which bounces you several times across the board They mostly ignored SP to further advance MP to a microtransaction nightmare Usually games that have DLCs are weird depending on your stance. This game refused to add SP DLCs to further MP MP has no balance in terms of MP matchmaking where your a level 3 who got paired against a level 158 and some other higher level tier players. Rockstar has no respect for modders because they got a No Modding Policy Bans are showing no mercy for those involved in MP. If you were forced money from a hacker of sorts, you face getting a ban because you were recieving money illegitimately. This game is still trying to market as a 59.99 2 years after release for some reason. GTA IV is now 19.99 and that has more fun content that was more commonly availible to the player than Being able to set up a match with freinds in MP is more complex than playing MP in GTA IVIn all honestly this game could be worth retail price but doesnt earn it. I would reccomend it for the SP than its MP anyday of the year. Dont buy this game for 59.99, if any price maybe 24.99 or 19.99 if you really want what its worth. This game ships as two seperate games however 1 game is more refined than the other half. 