Disclaimer I never got banned in GTA online and rockstar never took money or anythng from my account, the following review is NOT based in any of this situations.So Is it worth it?Well for the most part not very much.The story of this game is already well known by those who know the game. Rockstar never aded more content of any kind to it and its nowhere near to the quality of GTA San Andeas or even GTA IV story, it doesnt tell any more than just shoot the hell out of evrerything you can talking about the story itself, not the game content.As for the Online feature and probably the main reason for people to want this game Its probably not what you think it is.First of all, and currently the main problem,, kids who want to break the games fun because  they are to bad to play properly, the lost the sense of life, or their dadys dont love them. More often than the other   issues you will find below, Suddenly you will find yourself with no weapons, with explosives or clones of your  character raining on your head, appearing in a cage on the other side of the map, or with a forecast of heavy bags of   money falling from the skyironically the least probable.This people wasted money in a game they dont want to play and are wasting other peoples money because they ruin the fun for every one.And the worst part of thisexept maybe when they give money as it is what hurts them most, but generally they also ban you for accepting the money that  fell on your head.Then there are. So if you where lucky to not find any cheaters in a session, you will end up loosing the one you are in for any of theese reasons1  there was a problem in gta online, please return to gta v2  fulano left  mengano left  sultano left  pirulo left  xplayerx010230 left  falconlover left 124937618946 left  YourFriend1 left  YourOtherFriend left edgyName left, and suddenly you are the only player in the session, no reason givensee Rs support reference.3  you end up ragequitting the game because you sold all the cocaine and for a connection issue you didnt recive a penny even though you had no issues4  And also very typical, The Clouds Simulator 2018, an endless loading screen.The third reason is the. So first there was the Hydra a Plane with VTOL that shoots a death laser of explosions and can dodge every missile you shoot them, the pain of the skies. Then they added an explosive bullet type and the problem faded a bit. However, because Rs doesnt like balanced things, they also aded  pay attention A FLYING BIKE IMPOSIBLE TO HIT, THAT SHOOTS ROCKETS THAT CAN TURN 360 DEGREES IN A 2 FOOT  RADIUS making them imposible to dodge, AND YOU CAN EVEN CALL IT BESIDE YOU AT ANY TIME! This is one of many like the tank which cant take more explosions than an armored car.And last, but not least, the. Did you Loose al your money because an unknown  network problem? did you loose al your bunker weapons because some cheater took your weapons and you had to  fight a Valkyria helicopter with your bare hands? Did you get banned because some cheater spawned some dollars on  your head?see disclaimer.Because now comes the part where you get a generic  bot response from Rs Support or a sorry there is nothing we can do, go 8D O yourself answer. And for the modic  prize of 3 Shark cards, will make it so the wall you ar talking to is made out of bricks instead of concret, so you have  a pretty wall to talk to.Rockstar giver no support unless the following things1  You have a video proof certified by a lawyer as trusted evidence.2  its a problem that impairs them and benefits you3  its a problem than can end in a legal action from the client against RsBut seriously ive seen GTA SA Multiplayer Servers with better support than GTA V.So at this point you might be asking why did you say for the most part not? Well theres not all bad things with the game. In terms of what you can do in it, it feels like you can accomplish everything you can imagine within the limits of realism. Basicly if non of the listed issues exist it would be the perfect game. Theres so much potential wasted by the negligence of Rs, there are many options to minimize or kill the problems the game has Battle eye, a support team that actually cares, etc And if you have either A a lot of patience against game malfunctions or B a crew only server that ensures there are no cheaters in it. You can have a Great time with this. And probably A is the reason  for me to keep playing the game, hoping that one day Rs will change his attitude.I will be happy to modify this review as the game changes if it does and to clear any questions people may have. 