I was pondering some random aspects of life and figured it would be a good time to sit down and give off what i think of this game. I preordered GTA back on the 360. ive had it sence the start. and i have to say... it isnt worth it. baseically the entire thing is, and always was, a microtransaction farming scheme. the singleplayer is baseically the best part and is worth 1530 the entire multiplayer setup started out buggy and with inflated over the top prices. but it was managable. however, after the initial updates that made it harder to actually make money in online the entire development has been a circle of hyping an update, releasing said update that turns out to be a reskin of the previous updates and expansions but now with more over priced t, expect you to buy the ingame currency so that you can buy a fake car for one of you fake characters, or say... a fake house for a fake character... you can have multiple characters, but the only shared part is your total money pool... they heists are and always were garbage. the contact missions pay like the multiplayer races, deathmatches, etc are ok, but usually pay like its just a michro transaction farm.after making me completely reinstall the game because i used open IV to CHANGE MY LOADING SCREENS AND MUSIC... all i used it for... im kinda irritated. meanwhile hackers seem free to cause multiplayer lag by spawning hundreds of jumbojets. and s never leave you alone... why? why would hackers giving free money online be a problem, why would some of my good friends in this game have their characters reset for trying to doupe cars? OHO THATS RIGHT, ONLINE IS ROCKSTAR TRYING TO PUSH SHARK CARDS, ludcris inflation and overpricing for simple things, back on the 360 limited time overpriced cars for a limited time cars that suck, the release of gun running which is just a combo of CEO and Biker... BUT MORE EXPENSIVE AND TIME CONSUMING... im a littlewith them right now.meanwhile, because a hacker gave me about 2mil which allowed me to spend it all on biker stuff... a long time ago... i now get to lose 4mil in online currency. then smuggler stuff comes out. and its more of the same nonsense with very little new... just pressuring everyone to buy more shark cards so they can kill themselves in online. 