Alright listen, as much as I love the Grand Theft Auto series, and even though I enjoy this game a lot..... I can honestly say with full confidence this game is the epitome of every disease you can think of. The online mode is where this game really shines or WOULD shine other than the blockbusterlike story in single player mode, and crazy Trevor of course. But see, thats just the problem..... everybody plays the online mode, but its so terrible, the community is toxic as fck, and the loading screens... for fcks sake. Hold on, Let me create this list of bullsht for you real quick1. Loading screens take forever.2. One of the most toxic communities Ive ever seen, literally feels like youre playing with 9 year old kids. Not even joking.3. Bored players who will constantly fck with you and ruin your fun so that you cant get anything done.4. Everything is EXPENSIVE as all hell and its extremely time consuming to make money, and you can hardly even do that without dckheads constantly trying to kill you and blow up your product, which is really stupid because they dont really get much of a reward out of it at all, so it further proves that they just do it to be a dck.5. There are HACKERS literally EVERYWHERE in this game, and they will do crazy sht such as spawn a ton of money in your account for no reason which can apparently get you banned, how fcking  is that? or spawn all the players on the map onto a roof top and then blow them all up with a missile.They give ZERO fcks, and are quite annoying.6. The fcking loading screens XX7. You can play a Solo session, or with your friends only.... but youre not allowed to do any actual CEO or MC club work, etc without being in a public session full of dckheads, which makes money making almost impossible when you got mother fckers flying around in jets trolling everyone, blowing your sht up.8. You have to constantly jump from session to session, in hopes that youll get away from said dckheads and can actually get some sht done in peace.9. And I mean the community is so toxic, Ive never seen so much hostility and name calling in a video game in my life, jesus christ.......... nobody gives a fck about anybody or anything in this game. I mean yeah its GTA, but the people on here get a bit ridiculous most of the time Ill be honest.10. It doesnt matter how big your gang/ crew is, all it takes is one dckhead with a rocket launcher or a jet to blow up your plane or truck full of cargo worth hundreds of thousands of dollars that you wasted half your fcking day trying to make.11. Im sure theres a couple more things I missed on this list of bullsht but whatever.12. This game almost drove me to the edge of insanity. Im 27 years old, I dont need this bullsht right now, I need to take a break lol.13. Ill come back to it some other time, but if you, the person reading this, plans on buying it and trying it out for the online mode...... then be prepared for all the bullsht I just talked about, unless of course youre just some bored 11 year old turd or grown man for all I know that wants to get on and troll people, then by all means go right ahead, if that makes you feel better about your life.14. Oh wait, the heists..... man fck heists, Im not waiting 10 years literally for players that are level 587 to join the lobby only to suck a anyways and fail the heists every single time. Its bad enough low level players do which is to be expected, but man when youre that high of a level.... cmon now. And yes Im being serious, though it isnt always this bad, but it can be.15. And shark cards can gobble my balls.Other than that, this game is an awesome game and very addicting, totally worth the money, youll have tons of fun, especially in online mode, I promise D 