Until the last update, I would have highly recommended this game, but sadly I would advise everyone to steer away from this game and any other future TakeTwo/Rockstar game. I think theifs is the best way to describe these companies. I can confirm to those of you reading these reviews saying surely they wouldnt be removing in game funds that people pay 80/60 for? that it is really happening. I will split this review into two parts Single Player and Multiplayer.The story and how it plays out for single player is possibly the best out there. The story is fantasic, and there are very few missions that arent fun to play. Also, the implementation of an ingame stock market although not the best thing ever is really cool to me. Pairing this with missions that allow you to manipulate this stock market, you can earn millions, even billions. But this leads to the issue of there being nothing to spend it on. Singleplayer mode for some reason does not get content from Rockstars updates. The only way you can access them is by grinding multiplayer for days to afford the likes of one car, however we will get to that.Overall, Singleplayer is absolutely fantastic, except from the fact that after the story there is little to do unless you are interested in mods, in which case you will probably love this game for that.Oh yay, this train wreck. Okay, so I have 1,151 hours on Steam for GTA V, with around 1,000 being for multiplayer. I converted my stats from PS3 so likely have around double that. I know what I am talking about with this game. The multiplayer in this game is absolutely trash now. I was always able to look past the grind in this game, but it has gotten to the point now where money is so hard to make, and things are so expensive that it is no longer fun. At all. Rockstar and TakeTwo have become money s, so much so that they are taking purchased infunds away for NO REASON and will accuse you of hacking the game. If you refuse to purchase the ingame currency like me, then you will have to grind. Now, at least in my ways, around 1 hour of in game grinding will bring in, at most, around 300,000, and thats if youre grinding really hard, non stop, and have the most lucrative in game businesses in the game. When starting out, you will be lucky to bring in 100,000 per hour, so as you can see, its a pretty tough grind anyway. The last update called Smugglers Run brought some of the most expensive content in GTA Online to date, with things costing 1,500,000 upwards. I had 2.6 million removed from an ingame challenge called Criminal Mastermind that took me months to complete, getting 10,000,000 from. This was removed because it was modded or cheated money. So, 6 tickets to Rockstar later, I have quite rudely been told by a robot to go  myself and that Im not getting it back, and thats why Ive finally decided that enough is enough with this game.Something that I have always found interesting in GTA Online is that you can buy a yacht  a real calling card, with the most expensive one sitting at 10,000,000. The highest ingame currency you can purchase is 8,000,000, sitting at 100 real money. That to me has always seemed ridiculous for what is already a fairly expensive game.Also, if you want to mod singleplayer, thats fine in their eyes not really since they shut down OpenIV, a company they supported but hey lets let bygones be bygones, but if you DARE go near their money making method and try to make things fun, you will be banned and stripped of everything you have online.This review could go on forever, about a game/company that steals from their fans and shuts down companies who they once directed their fans to, but I think its time to sum it up. For what was for a very long time my favourite game ever, I would highly recommend that you never go near this game, even if you recieve it for free. I will never touch another Rockstar or TakeTwo game, and hope that their next game flops and they learn no treat their fans better, however, if youre not giving them money, they hope you  yourself.Update Went on today to see if I had been refunded yet, and guess what!! I havent.Update 2 Left another ticket  to Rockstar asking HOW my money was illegitamate, stating several times that I know that it, according to them, is illegitimate but after my ticket making it to support stage 3 presumably the highest? Has been in all support companies I know., guess what happened? I got the same copied and pasted god damn response AGAIN. This reponse took them over a week to type.