Oh boy where do I start?Well first things first. Horrible multiplayer experience. It should be called Grand Theft Loading Online, since I swear that I spend more time in loading screens than the game itself. Rockstar, instead of adding overprized free DLCs, work on your servers first, will you? Then it doesnt auto join a session with your friends, so I have to spend another 10 minutes waiting for my friends session to load. Thats when it works, because in many cases it just says There was an error joining the session, returning to single player mode YAY!STRIKE ONEI could go on and on about loading times and such but enough of that. Lets go to the next point.Money. UUUHGGGGGGGGGG. R has a free content system for GTA V. Free my flank. While its  true that you dont have to pay money to unlock the new features, they are extremely expensive, and almost inaccesible without spending actual cash on Shark Cards or kissing your social life goodbye. Rockstar, just in case you didnt notice microtransactions suck.OH I almost forgot! Modders. That people with questionable morality. Ones give cash and others make your life impossible being the latter the most common. In either way, R doesnt seem like being able to catch cheaters, banning fair players instead.STRIKE TWO.Now, lets stay away from the multiplayer before I do or say something else, that Ill most likely regret later.Singleplayer. Lots to do, and lots of potential. Its fun until you get tired. But fear not for there are mods! You can become Iron Man, be a cop, drive real cars... Hell there is even a multiplayer 100 independent of Rockstar with roleplay servers!Oh... Wait. Right. Not anymore because Take Two has killed modding. Oh welp, that was my only remaining reason not to uninstall the game, aaaaaand... Its gone.STRIKE THREE. OUT!ConclussionIts not a bad game per se, but the developers have made it crash and burn faster than the Concorde. So until Take Two and Rockstar make significant changes, Id recomend you to save that money, or at least, spend it elsewhere.