TLDRRockstar is greedy since they force people to pay cash or grind to get cool stuff. Many hackers do a service to people by providing a shortcut to grinding and having fun with players. The game was pretty boring after 240 hours of grinding, so I became a hacker so I could have fun with my friends on a private server. The regular game wasnt fun, so the only way to have a good time was to cheat. I got permanently banned anyways. A server for banned players would be really nice so everyone could still have a good time. Give me your thoughts, and I urge you to use constructive critisism. 250 hours put into this game, specifically the online mode... My experience was a mix of fun, frustration, boredom, and excitment.I had plenty of fun roaming around, killing people, doing stunts, goofing off with friends, completing new missions, racing, and experimenting with the latest DLCsFrustration came in when missions took many tries to complete, when I still didnt have nearly enough money to buy new items after hours of grinding, and when players and cheaters would constantly keep killing you for fun, especially when those players are using vehicles that I cant nearly affordBoredom came in when I am forced to grind one specific mission for hours and hours on end just to save up cash for a new vehicle I wantI got excited when ever something cool happens. For instance I could have landed a cool stunt, or I finally got to buy and use that vehicle I saved up for, or I finally killed that player that keeps killing me over and over again, or when a hacker gives me millions and millions of dollarsI will be brutally honest, i was one of those plebs that would always follow a hacker around and do what he said until he gave me money. It is the best shortcut to getting those awesome vehicles that everyone else has. Grinding and grinding was not worth it after a while. Buying money with real cash is definetly not worth it. Having fun and screwing around in Gta V is the fun part, and unfortunatly rockstar forces everyone to spend hours on end to be able to have fun and screw around with things like jets and helicopters. People who buy shark cards dont have to spend a second on missions to get those items. I would be sooo happy when I finally got to buy the expensive cars, but i couldnt have obtained them without hackers. The hours and hours I spent grinding really wasnt worth it at all. It took a few minutes to obtain millions from a hacker, as opposed to only obtaining a few hundred thousand after many many hours of straight grinding a single boring mission out.IMHO, the hackers that give people money are great. They stick their middle fingers up at Rockstar and give people cash so they dont have to grind or buy shark cards. I doubt anyone wants to grind hours and hours of boring missions, and im sure everyone would rather get money for free rather than buy it from shark cards. The hackers that like to simply have fun and use their cheats to have fun with people are also great! These hackers dont run around killing people instantly with explosions, they do stuff like drive people around in a flying car. The point of a game is to have fun, and these hackers are doing just that. They are also sticking up their middle fingers at Rockstar because they are saying that they dont have to pay money or grind to have a good time in Gta V.It is the hackers that are running around killing everybody and making things impossible for everyone that deserve to be banned and punished. These hackers do nothing but make the game unfun for everyone, so they ruin the point of the game.So after around 240 hours of grinding, screwing around, and gaining money from hackers, I decided to get my own cheats. Yep, I am owning up to the fact that i became a hacker in Gta V. The thing is that I didnt even touch a public lobby, I simply went into a private lobby with my friend so we could have a good time. We did things like teleport around, and drive vehicles at the speed of light, shoot exploding bullets at cars. We gave ourselves all the expensive vehicles and had an absolute blast. It is funny, because this is the most fun we have had on Gta V in a very very long time. Now I could have always just gone into the single player and installed mods and hacks there, but I couldnt play with my friends there. I had no choice but to play in private lobbies in order to play with my friends.Unfortunatly, all good things come to an end. In the middle of me and my friend teleporting to Mt Chiliad with the phantom wedge, I got the sad message that I had been permanently banned. My level 98 character was deleted. My 250 hours of gameplay was wasted. It is what it is. I could say that I had deserved it because I was hacking online, and many people would say that. I wasnt mad at this however, because in all honesty most of that 250 hours was just grinding missions. Most of that 250 hours was pointless to begin with. I didnt technically earn most of my vehicles anyways. I am only sad because I lost a high level character, and I can no longer play with my friends. I could care less about being banned from online play with other people, I just want to screw around with my friends.I would honestly recommend Gta V for its online multiplayer, if it wasnt for the fact that you are going to be forced to grind or pay cash in order to have fun in the end. No body wants to spend real hard earned cash on in game money. No body wants to spend hundreds of hours of their precious life constantly grinding the same mission over and over again. If you want to get a sense of good fun in Gta V Online with friends, you are unfortunatly going to have to cheat. If you have no friends, stick to single player. But if you are like me and just want to have fun with friends, you need to cheat. The crazy number of fun cheats you can use to have a great time is well worth it. Unfortunatly, Rockstar doesnt approve of fun. Rockstar will ban you and make you suffer if you dare have fun on their watch. If all you want to do is have a ton of fun with your friends, Rockstar will punish you with a ban. Simple as that. So no, I do not recommend Gta V Online because it is just a waste of time, unless you enjoy grinding.Many people are banned for having fun in this game, which is unfortunate, but I have a solution to that problem.Rockstar should make servers specifically for banned players. This would make everyone happy. Cheaters get to play with cheaters, but at least they get to play the game. At least players wrongfully banned could still play the game. At least players who just want to have fun, could still have fun. These servers for banned players wouldnt have any regulation on cheats, so players are free to cheat all they want. Players could still join private lobbies with friends if they choose to not be bothered by other cheaters. This would make Gta V Online worth playing IMHO. Players who want to stay legit will be in the unbanned servers. Players who want to cheat and have fun will stay in the banned player servers.And feel free to bash me all you want about me cheating. I dont think I can be mad about being banned because it was risky, but i dont regret anything. I knew the risks of hacking, and did it anyway. I gave plenty of good reason in this review for me to cheat and hack. Tell me your thoughts, i just prefer you use constructive critisism.BTW, I have never played the single player campaign, so I cant officially say anything about it. 