As someone whos bought the game on 360 back when it was only available on those generation of consoles, it was a very well made game.It still is a great game why do I not recommend it then?The Online. It can be fun, but as a lot of other players said, to experience all of the new content thats added. You have to play and play this game for days and weeks on end just to get what you want without buying the Shark cards. Perhaps you could call it pay to win, but youre not really winning. Instead, youre just paying actual money to get ingame currency just so you dont have to waste an insane chunk of time to experience what the newer updates have to offer. Im not a huge online player, and Ive never gotten beyond Rank 30 on my 360 as I liked this game more for the singleplayer aspect of it. Sadly, theres only so much you can do before its too boring and you want something more. Suppose you want to install mods well, thats great...for a while. Again, that eventually gets boring overtime.Then theres the cheater problem. When I do play online though, Im not playing on a public session anyways, so Ive not experienced any cheaters. However, theres tons of reports from others saying that theres absolute TONS of cheaters just spawning in tons of cheated money. I dont know if youll get banned randomly or not. Rockstar said that you wont as long as you didnt ask for it, but people said theyve been banned for no reason.I really suggest that you dont pick this game up unless its on a heavy discount. Many of you already played the singleplayer anyways, and it offers very little more features compared to the 360/PS3. If you want to play Online and youre thinking that youre going to get all of the content unlocked very quickly without tedious grinding, think again. Im only like Rank 10 on the PC version since I never wanted to pull my data from the 360 anyways, but I really dont have the time to sit there for days and days, and neither do others, playing this game to rack in a few million even though everything newer costs well over that few million.Pretty much, Rockstar kind of trashed the Online aspect by making it very tedious and pushing you to buy their Shark cards for money that still wont pay for a lot. Im sorry, but you gotta pass on this game if youve already did everything on singleplayer on a console. Its not worth 59.99.