So the game does look nice but thats what ill say. The main story is very slow to get the the good parts, but the characters are well voiced and interesting But after youve done it once its will feel like a litteral drag to do it again.Gun play is very nice as is driving but airplanes and helicopters have the most litteral learning curve, and i unterstand that but you should at least put in a training mode, But there is flight school which is more like youve never flown a plane so you get to join the Blue angles litterly made me rage quit at one point.So the single player is overall above average, horrible moments ruin it like the Yoga segment or just down right stupid side or main missions. Prior to this Take2 banned mods all together, why? because some people used cheats to get pass the grind that is Online but mods are still allowed after a huge backlash. A problem is some players have been marked cheaters even though doing no wrong, Take2 or Rockstar really need to look into this problem.Now Online...It is just a slog, a utter grind. All you do it play the same mission over and over to get set amount of money to get somthing and yes the online is updated alot.....but its more for the rich players rather than getting new players with something, its like they do not care about the people just getting started because it is very boring, i cannot count the amount of times ive done the Drug mission just to get to level 30. SO rockstar says Hey want to skip the BS and get to the fun part? well card sharks Yep you pay real money to get money in a game. Yes you can get 5.8 million to get a item BUT you could just buy a card and play the game on easy mode, little to no thought went into this, making microtransactions work with a game you paid for, let alone a triple A game.Heists can be fun but it takes 1 guy to mess it up or just being boring, you want a heist game play payday.The side activities are lacking when you compare it to GTA SA, Gun range, Tennis, Races either on foot only in singleplayer or car, darts and thats all i can really say most of those are 1 and you are done, you probable wont play it again.Skills comes back from GTA SA but not that great, dumb down so its more simple, kinda makes me a little sad since all weapons and individual thing was their own leveling like Pistols, SMG, Swimming ect. but now its all combined. But you cannot level them to you character in online, so you cant go to a gun range to level up your gun skill, you have to play with someone.I cannot recommend this, wait for a huge sale like 7080 