I see a lot of negativity surrounding the game and rightfully so, lets start with my NEGATIVE take away from GTA VP2W super hard If youre not paying for the shark cards or hacking, youre not gonna make money that fast, I can understand Micro trans to an extent, but i feel like Rockstar is pushing too hard... then again, online is free, all the new content has been free, so i dont have that much of a problem with it. That being said, ive been playing for a long time, and I dont have any issues with money anymore now that my character is more established... more on that later.Load times I have this game running on a Samsung Evo 960 Pro M.2 Drive. While it fixed a lot of the long load screens, i feel like theres too much of it still, especially online...Servers are Dog Not much else to say here, wether youre on fiber or dialup, youre gonna have issues at some point or another... Rockstar, your servers suck.lack of Story Mode DLC where you  at rockstar? is redead really taking that much time?Now, lets go over my positives The game is freaking huge Map is awesome in my opinion. I like the attention to detail, the ammount of stuff to do online and in story mode is pretty awesome dispite the somewhat shallow ammount of story mode content.Online is hard, as it should be most definatly not a game for the feint of heart, rockstar designed this game to be hard, and it is. its hard to make money, its hard to do heists, and its hard to level up. That being said, I feel ive gotten more in the 400 hours in this game for my 60 than i have many many other games, subscription based included. Its competative and cut throat, and the world events are making that clear. A LOT of people have complained about this but thats what online is about kill, kill, kill.Money is difficult to make, the game doesnt just hand it too you, but it does present you with ample oppertunity to make it once you figure things out. Get businesses, make money, its that simple. If youre a fan of difficulty curve, this is the online experience for you. Other people always have more money, guns, and cars than you. just like real life. Characters are wonderful I grew up in a pretty  enviornment as a kid,straight out of breaking bad, not kidding. so seeing all the wonderful characters and their personalities reminds me of that in a way. I used to step over methheads to get to work in highschool, now i get to watch meth head bikers and crazy wannabe gangbangers  looking at you Lamar,  but heads. Really has a nostalgic felling to it.... not sure if thats good or bad.... XDShooting and Driving are drastically improved from previous titles taking a few pages out of Max Payne, the shooting is immaculent given the game style, I mean theres gonna be a bit of lag online, but thats how it is. The driving is really crisp and reasonably tuned... Especially for GTA. All the cars handle and accelerate significantly differently, and the Special vehicles are very well done. Though, ill admit the jet bike it free mode is a bit cartoony for my taste, but maybe thats just because they keep blowing up my supply runs..... maybe im just a salty piece of who knows. pthis game is like 5 ing years old say what you want about GTA V, theres issues as there are in every game, and i think rockstar could have done a lot better with the online servers, but I feel like thats in the works with Red Dead on the way, and i think well see the effects carry over into GTA and beyond. but, for being as old as it is, its standing the test of time incredibly well.All in all, Id give the game 4 out of 5 stars, tighten up the issues online and dial back the shark card t, and you have one hell of a game. If you like Difficulty, competative openworld pvp, an obsurd story, and a variety minigames, GTA V is most certainly the game for you. If youre the type of person that likes the game to dropin your lap, go play something else, as youre going to have a bad time, spew nonsensical reviews on steam, and ruin everyones day.p.s. the golf is just like mario golf!!! good looking out Rockstar! 