This review is a list of things that I dont like about this game as of writting this review.Okay, to start I should say that I have a level 150 character on Xbox one on which I completed criminal mastermind my main frustration about the following and have basically everything I could want right now. I finally decided to buy the PC version since its on sale only to find out that the character transfers are 100 gone. Now, thats fine IF Rockstars post hadnt misled me about what was really going on with the March 6th deadline. I quote their postNow, they use some sly language afterwards dont want to put it down since its really just a sales pitch to last gen that makes this seem like transfers from Xbox 360 and PS3 accounts are the only ones ending, but it really is all transfers. Really Rockstar? You couldnt have just made it clean cut and simple? You had to use flourished language to pressure last gen into upgrading and then not tell the entire story? I just want Xbox One and PS4 to PC transfers to be possible only toward PC since it has even more cheaters than last gen since they never really went into detail about their transfer elimination, making me buy a product under false pretense whether they intended to or not.Next, its the destruction of mods. Since the GTAO element was destroyed on PC for me I wanted to just mod already had 2 hours on steam so no refund. However, they then destroyed the modding community. Thanks Take Two, great buisness practice.Then, the Gun Running DLC. Basically just bikers with some special vehicles. No true added content there, but oh well, it happens.And lastly, Im going to hit a weak spot. The overpriced moneygrab sharkcards. These are NOT okay. Rockstar/Take Two makes payouts in the game garbage just to fuel their greed. They are overpriced and any effort that a normal player would go through to make money is trumped by them. It is not fair to price them like this on a 60 game. Reduce the price guys!To conclude, Im not happy with the companies involved with this game in the past year. They have made some bad decissions and made me not have any faith in them changing. I hope they will change but they probably wont. If you agreed with most of the things I said here, speak up and try to get Rockstar to see what their consumers think of the game right now. If you disagree, state why you disagree with me in a civilized manner please.TLDR Rockstar and Take Two have destroyed this game with anticonsumer and misleading tactics, betraying their loyal customers and fans.  Dont buy this game.Thanks for your time,Tru