EDIT I appreciate rockstart attempting to remedy the situation and wish them the best of luck. As I stated in the review it was never Rockstar who caused these problems. I will gladly rewrite my review if the problem is fixed as positive. but not beforeThe PC version of Grand Theft Auto V was the third version I purchased. 360 and Xbox One being my pervious versions. all told and all versions combined I have spent several hundred hours on this game. That being said, I didnt purchase the PC version because I wanted to waste money.I purchased it because it had mod support and when I bought it Rockstar stated they supported modding. Its a great game, Has a well thought out story. GTAV has the best mechanics in the series and is arguably the best game rockstar has produced. If you asked me a month ago I would have DEFINITLY recomended it,Infact I did. And I am responsible for convincing several friends to purchase this game in the past few weeks in anticipation for the gun running DLC. All together I have spent over 200 on this edition of the game alone. Supported every design decision and was a diehard fan. But now? I am disheartened, have a 60 phantom paper weight and a bad taste in my mouth. I dont blame rockstar for this,I blame their publisher.GTAV for PC has had a miserable cheating problem since its launch,cheating absolutly ruins online play and affects nearly every player. I dont know a single player including my self who have not had our enjoyment ruined by hackers. Even have a couple resets of my in game funds ,including funds I purchased with real cash. None of which were ever restored support. Hacking and cheating in this version of the game have been absolutly rampet and noone has ever really cared, A few bans and slaps on the wrist but nothing that ever stuck. Simply seperating the singleplayer and multiplayer clients and hash checks would have been enough to stop most hacking problems.Instead they attack the modders who have gone out of their way to make sure their tools could not be used to interfere with multiplayer. Instead of solving the problem they placed blame at the feet of the only people really keeping the singleplayer side of the game alive.Take two is to blame here, Not rockstar or 2K. Take two decided to ruin this game and blame their own failure to provide a  cheat free environment on a mod team who has given their undying support to rockstar for something like 10 years.I will not be purchasing another Rockstar game as long as they are associated with Take two and would refund this game if I could for pulling a bait and switch on its users. Nor will I be purchasing any game published by Take Two. Take two doesnt deserve to have awesome developers like rockstar under their thumb.We dont need big brother publishers screwing with games just to squeeze an extra buck out of an IP.Time to cut out the middleman, Wishing you luck rockstar,Youre going to need it.