So I will preface this whole review with this Mechanics wise, this game is awesome, same old awesome GTA that theyve been putting out since GTA III.That said, I would NEVER recommend this game to another living soul. Heres the list why1 NO TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE. I just spent the last 20 minutes trying to find a help line, and I couldnt find one. No ingame reporting mechanism for hackers, WHICH I ENCOUNTERD AT LEAST TWO THIS CURRENT SESSION. They dont ing care about the players, just their bank accounts.2 Terrible balance of time to reward. They expect you to pay for the pleasure of doing ANYTHING in their game unless you are willing to pour untold hours into the game to make the BARE MINIMUM of money to afford anything. They will drain you and they wont help you at all while doing it.3 Horrible community. This shouldnt need to be said, but the people who play this are generally imaptient children who think theyre cool because theyre playing an adult game. And if theyre not, they stick you in a session full of people who dont speak your language, mostly Russians and chinese. After you get past that, there is no incentive to stop people from quitting out of a heist they join. You get a full four players, get through the esplanation, do your loadout... only for them to quit after you just waited 20 minutes to even find a full room of people to do a heist.4 The single player sucks. Now this is kind of a dual problem here. What they should have done is put more time into both games, because yes, GTA Online and GTA V are really 2 seerate games. They should have developed these two things as seperate games. Instead, they halfthe  out of GTA V just like they did GTA IV. The story, while good, is so short and unfulfilling that its a fair point to say they dont care about solo gamers at all. Insatead all they went for was the micro macro, really transaction route, and forwent any care for actually developing a good game for the gamers.I, for one, will never buy another Rockstar product since they have finally stopped caring at all about helping the gamers or giving them a good product. They gouge you for damn near fullgame prices just to get their shark cards, and the piddly amounts they give you for those insane prices arent even enough to buy the good stuff in the game.TLDR Rockstar have become conartists run by greedy corporate losers who will tank the gaming industry if we let them. Please join me in boycotting these liars and make them see they cannot lie to us, steal from us, and then ignore us when their product does nothing but fail us at every turn. NO technical support, failure to moderate and direct the commnuity, too much focus on profit and not enough on customers, and, honsetly, glitches and THE WORST INTERNET CONNECTIONS I HAVE EVER SEEN IN AN ONLINE GAME! 