still a great game rockstar, still a great freakin game10/10 for the story since i played the story mode on ps49/10 for the onlineproblems with onlinethe cops and other enemy npcs have a very irritating upgrade ex. the cops wont let you escape at like 3 or 4 stars, they are coming after yowithout taking a break. and its gonna be annoying to some. better luck finding a good hiding spot!and the microtransactions are a little expensive. looking at you 8 million dollar shark card and i am looking at you also EA!and parents if you are reading this, do not buy your kids this game AT ALL!it is not just because of the m rating, it also because of some scary as crap awareness of controversies with this game and franchise. you know like killings, stealing parents cars that they think they are playing GTA 5 in real life, etc.that i dont want this game to cause another god knows what. because parents, you deserve better than that, just stop buying games like this if your child cannot handle it or something like that because god, most parents are idiots!and also one more thing, if you heard or see your kid cursing like a sailor or all of those things i mentioned. whoop his or herfor that and wash his or her mouth with a crap ton of soap or force him or her to eat the most spiciest chili pepper in the universe like a carolina pepper! since thatll teach em a lesson and buy freakin mario kart and a nintendo wii, tie him or her into a chair, and mentally scar his or herfor all eternity!sorry if i took this way too far, because i hate parents and kids like that when it comes to m rated or online multiplayer games and all of thateven i was a kid back then, i was into halo on the original xbox and freaking doom 3, but at least i didnt cause all of those things because its a video game for a reason and i was smart enough to not do those things because i deserve better!i apoligize for the rant here, but i have to do it for some reasonhoweverGTA 510/10!and also rockstar, please ban all hackers and cheaters and get a better banning system too! and please do not make the loading screens last like for all eternity! 