Well start with the positives.GTA V has one of  no, THE best, most detailed world, open or otherwise, I have ever seen in any video game. It is a major accomplishment, and one can always find something new driving. Theres a hell of a lot of content, and Id be a fool to say that the game wasnt well made.However, thats about where the positives end. For all those hundreds of millions of dollars spent making this game, it feels like none of it was spent on design. The gameplay is all over the place, particularly for Online. The guns almost universally feels weak, the sound disconnected with whats really going on. For a game where half of your time is spent shooting people, it is awfully disappointing to see that doing so is so unrewarding.That brings me on to the second point, physics. For whatever reason, they toned down the use of Euphoria majorly compared to GTA IV. Shoot someone and they merely collapse to the ground. Nudge someone to a car, and  this is the worst offense  they literally just collapse to the ground, as if they immediately became unconscious. For crying out loud, the OTHER half of the game is running people over in your car! Youd think theyd try and get that right at least. Hell, why even use the damn ragdoll engine if youre going to all but remove it? And to make matters WORSE, you can actually bring it BACK with a mod! So there isnt even any technical reason for it!The police in this game are just worse than in IV. Theyll shoot on sight, theyll open fire for standing around them, they dont give chase and they dont take cover unless its on cop cars. The difficulty is all over the place with the cops  theyre either almost impossible to take on, or, if youve found a good cheese spot, trivial and boring, even by the hundred. They simply cant deal with entrenched positions. Youd think SWAT units could use flashbangs or something, or throw grenades Which is something no NPC in the game ever does. FiveStar Wanted is disappointing too. No new units, just slightly more. Oh, joy. And they use the same weapons too. No helicopter gunships, no tank, just slightly more cops. Oh, and they cant deal with aircraft. At all. Their response is so pathetic its like Rockstar didnt even try. They just send the same two police helicopters. Nor can they deal with tanks. They dont bring out RPGs or anything. Theres no difficulty options, so youre stuck with this.Physics in all forms has been toned down and made less challenging. Or, well, just worse. There are a whole bunch of things grenades  even from a launcher, which is real annoying  autoaim so theyll arc to land whereever youre looking. There are a whole bunch of fences that look just like other destructible fences, but arent. Cars have a whole slew of problems, too, which is most notable when it comes to cars because, as you will no doubt realize, the roof and doors and just generally the passenger area of cars cannot deform, at all. That makes monster trucks really rubbish. Run over a car and watch it  uh, get a little scratched. Saints Row 3 and 4 could do this, and it was brilliant, running over cars with the tank. Here? Not really so much.Speaking of tanks, you can actually destroy the tank if you shoot it enough with a pistol. Thanks to DLC power creep, the tank actually kind of sucks now compared to the other options. It also costs about half as much as the new APC.Which segues me nicely to the next, and biggest point in my opinion. This alone is the biggest reason that I hate GTA V The Online. Oh, GTA Online.Im not even going to cover the fact that hackers are still as rampant as ever R will NEVER shut down every cheat provider, just like infinitely better funded organizations have failed to stop illicit drug providers, which is only really a problem because Rockstar insisted on having the whole thing be so tied to the client that you can do literally anything, including spawn things that dont even exist in Online. Theres no ingame cheat prevention. Thats because the game is run with the peertopeer model of networking Dont quote me on that, though. I think its that way, but I cant be sure. If the game is run on official servers then it makes the whole thing so much worse which means that any client can do just about whatever it wants, up to and including giving people tons of money and blowing everyone up.Oops, I guess I just did. Well, the worst part of it all is that hackers are basically necessary to enjoy the game. That, or grinding heists, which are by far and away the best way to earn money. See, there are other avenues of earning money ingame. You can do missions for around 15k each. Doing well on an Adversary game could net you up to 30k. Theres even the gunrunning, drugs, and CEO operations that will give you a bit of a passive income.Problem is, the time investment into each of these, versus the money you get, is horrible. Utterly horrible. Heists are the only semirelevant options, but heists are also boring and badly designed.There are 5 heists in total. Each of them must be completed in exactly the way that the game tells you. Straying from this even slightly will result in an instant fail. If any member of your group messes up, its back to square one. And to make matters even worse, they made it a zerosum game, so you have to divvy up the Already rather pitiful earnings among your four heisters. There are no optional objectives for more money  no optional objectives, period  so youll always get the same amount, or at the very least, there is a hard maximum you can get.Compare and contrast Payday 2. There are hundreds of heists, many with two ways to complete it. All of them have randomized elements to them, making each run different. There are six difficulty options, each with escalating challenge, the last of which is genuinely difficult and can only be attempted by skilled players with good builds  your equipment choice matters more and more as you raise the difficulty, and its helped by the fact that each of them have different and varied customization options As opposed to Suppressor, Scope, Extended Clip, Grip, Flashlight. There are 3 pages of sights in Payday 2. And to compare the amount of people that went into each of these games... its really not funny. The gunplay in Payday is also a hell of a lot better than here.The problem is basically that Rockstar want you to buy Shark Cards, which is their way of getting you to give them more money. Shark Cards are overpriced, especially when a hacker can just give you tens of millions, for free. Having loads of money is also the only way to enjoy the game properly. It just really enrages me that Rockstar would become such money whres. I think everyone would be happier if they just charged upfront for paid DLC, especially for Singleplayer, for which there are no DLCs. They just want to milk money from you. Now isnt that lovely?Basically, just dont buy this game. It isnt worth the upfront cost. It isnt worth your money. Maybe, if you want to play the singleplayer and the game is on sale to something like 25, then possibly. Note that I havent covered the recent modding fiasco, because it was an accident and they fixed it, but even disregarding this, you should not buy this game. Stay away from it. 