After the fantastic adventures I had years back with Grand Theft Auto III, I purchased Grand Theft Auto IV and found myself in a highlyrealistic world that had massive potential for letting me simulate whatever chaos my imagination could bring about. With the discovery of modding, I was able to customize my single player experience to a level I couldnt have dreamed ofplaying as all sorts of various monsters, beasts and men, flying, shooting, driving, being a villain, being a vigilante, being a superherothe experience of a game that let me do realistic things that I wanted in a sandbox that had potential, to being able to do ANYTHING I wanted to do in a sandbox that had realized its potential, was absolutely fantastic. There are many memories I will not forget, from that game.With Grand Theft Auto V, I was quite content to enjoy the game asis when it was finally released on PC. The expansiveness of the world, the slight reduction of realism in favor of fun and relaxed gameplay that still had its challenge and intense moments, I found to be wonderfully balanced. I didnt touch much of GTA Online, preferring to stick to Single Player. After time went by and more and more mods were developed for Grand Theft Auto V, I immediately set about creating a personalized, customized world that spoke to me, my interests, and what I wanted out of the game. The time I spent on it was always positive, always fun, and always enjoyable.Now, after a decade of being able to enjoy that personalized content, the developers have decided to lash out through legal means against all that a gaming community stands for. Mods are something that is part of a community venture without community, there wouldnt be mods, and without mods, the community that does exist will never reach its full potential. Because of that, Grand Theft Auto V, a game which for me has had immense value, no longer has any standing in comparison with other titles that allow for such freedom, customization, and personalized experiences.I cannot recommend Grand Theft Auto V until the lawsuit is reversed in favor of rendering mods legal once more. Buying this game at this point, is nothing more than donating money to a cause which seeks to tear apart communities, strip players of their freedom, and take away the singular experiences that you can create for yourself through the free, open modding tools that have been out for years. 