Take Two, Modding, Yadda yadda yadda.But seriously, even outside of the recent controversy, I cant recommend this gameor at least, GTA Online.Ive been playing GTAV since release day back in 2013. Early on, there wasnt a ton of stuff to do in GTAO, but the novelty of playing with other people kept me hooked until the PC release day.Then again, thats also the same reason I have thousands of hours logged in MMOs like Elder Scrolls Online. The only thing that keeps me playing these games is the fun of experiencing something with friends, no matter how crappy the core game is. And the core game is crappy, trust me.First lets look at the core of GTAO, the thing that keeps everyone playing money. Money can be earned in petty ways like convenience store robberies, selling cars, mugging NPCs, etc. But unfortunately, everything in the game thats worth spending money on is super expensivefar more expensive than someone just doing petty crimes could afford. Because of this, playing missions and heists are essential. I remember it took me almost a month back on console to raise enough to buy a decent apartment, but now you can make that money super quick! And that isnt a bad thingwell, it WOULDNT be a bad thingif the ways you earned money were interesting. However, the sad truth of the matter is that missions are repetitive, boring timesucks. DRIVE 6.82 MILES TO RETRIEVE A VAN, THEN DRIVE THE SLOWVAN BACK TO WHERE YOU STARTED Yeah, not fun.So what are your options for getting cool stuff if you dont want to grind out repetitive missions? Well, you have two options.1 Buy Shark Cards via microtransactions A better term would be macrotransactionsthese deals are laughably bad, some of the cards going above and beyond the original pricetag of the game.2 Have a modder drop money around you for you to pick up.So lots of people went with the second option, beg modders for money so they could buy the things you need to make the gameplay actually fun. Unfortunately, it seems with the latest update, Rockstar has checked everyones balances and deducted an arbitrary amount for what they deemed was obtained through exploits. I should also add that they did a particularly poor job determining what was hacked in and what wasntI lost five million dollars of money that I actually earned.So after all this, whats left? An open world with boring missions, content locked behind an ingame paywall, and an upset community whos bitter about the game.IN CONCLUSIONIf you and your friends want to just dck around and have fun, then sure, buy the game when its on sale. But outside of that? There isnt much good to say about this game.3/10 