I should note that OpenIV, the main thing that caused this review to be written, has had its Cease and Desist notion backed away, so I guess it is back and running? Not too sure, take a look for yourself.Right, I believe I should post a review about the game, considering the recent controversy that has put GTA in a bit of a spotlight, this time negative imstead of positive.As folks know already, the modding tool OpenIV has recieved a Cease and Desist notice, essentially terminating Singleplayer modifications Important note SingleplayerThis essentially makes the singleplayer component of the game stuck with essentially the same old same old, that being the same game with the same protagonists with the same you know already. No room for customization like that Rick Sanchez mod that was a thing.I will admit, it has been noted that Modding was not exactly a welcome sight, due to Take Two Mostly them and their concern that Singleplayer modding would leak in to their Online portion. Something that was pretty much impossible with OpenIV as it was not designed to cheat in the game.So of course that is the whole backlash thing. I guess I can also talk about the game, since this is a review after allSingleplayer Everyone and their amoeba probably know what the singleplayer is about at this point in time, so no need to talk about it. Except that it used to have extensive modification options, but not really now.Multiplayer Something that is literary the only reason most people play the game for, except some people still on the Singleplayer Because honestly, SP is still a pretty solid story to play through, as it is the main thing that is being supported by the developers. Although I would say that ovee time, it started from what sounded like a good time in to a game of Whoever has the biggest gun. I started it off as a street urchin, and I gotta say it was pretty exciting, but now that my character is quite a high level, I feel like it is no longer a fun game, but more of a slog of Eh, another day, another dude with a fighter jet nuking me.Not to mention that hackers/cheaters are also quite frequent, folks running scripts that make them immirtal, make money drops or just screw with people. It is something that is simply not fun.This was written on a quick notice, so some things might sound a bit odd, so theres that.Anyway, would I recommend the game? For the singleplayer, I would say yes as it is a pretty solid experience. For Multiplayer? I would say no because it is a dismal place that multiplayer, where you are forced to either grind for a long time to get somewhere, or spend hundreds of your money to get something nice and pretty. Not to mention Take Twos controversy being a sore thing.Overall No, I wouldnt say that the game should be purchased.