This is the take of someone who got screwed over big time and is prettyoff, so be aware.So first of, the game has main 2 components, the story mode and online. As fun as the story mode is, I believe that unless you are a die hard fan, it is unlikely that you would replay the entire story. As such, I see the online as the main component as there is new content every so often and also you can continuously gain more from playing.So is it worth the price? Gamplay wise it is good, loads of content and having local friends play along will make it fun.However, if you are as unfortunate as some of us living in africa, online can such. There are no local servers meaning you have to connect to South America. The more people in a session the harder it becomes to do simple things like driving. One of the major downsides to this game is the amount of grinding one needs to do for money, especially if you are the collector type wanting all the nice cars and buildings etc. Buying shark cards for in game money, again if you are a poor fool it aint worth it.So getting to the main reason I am writing this is because of the support from the Rockstar side. I want it to be noted that I informed them I will be posting everything online and am willing to provide all the evidence. Some background first One of the weekly bonusses that popped up was for the gunrunning business and one can get double RP xp and money for selling product. As such I was grinding my a off, and I aint kidding! The following week as I enter the game I get a notification that over 2million has been deducted from my account. Now, those who play the online side will know that 2mil doesnt exactly fall from trees. Immediately I submit a ticket to the support stating that my money was taken and that this was a mistake. Their response is a nice generic message of how illegitimate gains are monitored during sweeps and that they reverse these transaction. Thank you, dumb fck for the obvious. Now, you might think I am kidding when I say this is all they do, but am not. I will post all the proof to whoever wants. Everytime I respond saying that the person made a mistake and that they must look into it and prove that the amount was illegitimately gained and everytime they send me these  messages of how the sweeping works. This has been going on for almost a week now. To this day, NOT ONCE HAVE THEY SAID THEY WILL LOOK INTO IT, NOT ONCE HAVE THEY PROVIDED ANY PROOF IT WAS WRONGLY GAINED, NOT ONCE DID THEY DO ANYTHING OTHER THAN SEND ME T GENERIC MESSAGES. I told them I will make all this publically available and will continue till I am refunded. They closed the ticket, so here I am.Model of the long story, the support is and at any point can they take yourwithout reason or proof and you have to suck it up. DO NOT BUY THIS! 