OfflineGrand Theft Auto, the amazing game from console onto PC. The port isa bit shity and basiclly requires a controller to play with any sort of enjoyment or skill. But the highlight of this is the ablity to control the graphics which can make the game look amazing. One feature that is small but speaks volumes is the fact you can import your own music to a radio station which makes it way more enjoyable when driving around when nothing much is going on.OnlineHowever not much praise can be said about Grand Theft Auto Online, what was once a fun multiplayer sandbox world has become a living hell of 12 year olds screaming and blowing you up in Hydras. Microtransactions have ruined online as the quickest way to get in game cash is to buy it IRL. Legit ways of getting money can be forgoten about because if you want something like a flying bike or a jet because it will take you a million years, having no fun and selling your body for sex. The Online is more like a mobile game where its like UMMMM YOU WANT IT NOW!?! THEN GIVE 200,000!!! Because every player has that to spend. Everything released since the ILL Gotten Gains update has been over priced so Rockstar can milk players for money, becuase making one of the best selling games of all time wasnt enough for Rockstar. With every update Rockstar finds new and creative ways to make players lives hell. By adding new weponised vehicles into the game only gives greifers more power. And in the case of the new update they have only made it easier to for these players to get there hands on these vehicles. Its like Rockstar are trying to wipe out the population of players who dont buy Shark Cards to either get them to convert into buying the cards or to leaving the game entirely. Rockstar doesnt car if you leave becaue they are making bank off Shark Cards. Its like Rockstar treat Online like the Hungar Games but players who pay them get Tanks, Jets and amoured vehicles that explosive or bullet proof.I recommend this Game for the campaign, one amazing story with tons to do and amazing characters to meet. And if you get bored with the campaign you can always try out Mods which add enjoyment to the game and make a deffenant buy for anyone with a PC who can run this game. Online can be enjoyable despite what I have said but you need friends and to be with a small amount of other players and you can have a lot of fun. If you want proof watch this videoOverall,Offlie 10/10 amazing!Online 100/10 Would Mircotransaction again! 