Long story short  this game gets a lot right but it also gets way too much wrong. And Rockstar is the Devil.Short story long  GTA V is rather hard to review because what the game does well it does really well but what it does bad is an abomination and an insult which makes reviewing this game an incredibly conflicting experience. Parts of this game really shine such as the voice acting never fails to disappoint and adds to the immersion and cinematic effect of the game. Cinematic effect is also one of the games strongest points as it has Hollywood level story telling atmosphere, really making you believe that you are living out your craziest criminal fantasies as a drug dealer, CEO, Arms dealer or as of late smuggler. The games graphics help to achieve this as while they are slightly dated they still feel remarkably modern and are certainly satisfactory.  Incredibly wide customisation that range from your player themselves, to their car and aircraft also allow you to build your criminal empire in the image you want. Given this a GTA game it also offers an acceptable amount of exploration on a considerably large map however the map lacks some of the depth and detail of previous Rockstar titles, whilst this may be nostalgia talking, even the original  San Andreas way back in 2004 felt like the map had more thought put into it.Lack of depth is a common trend in GTA unfortunately but it is hidden under a mirage of pay walls and a pretty and colourful surface layer. The best example of this is the vehicles especially the cars, on the surface cars seem incredibly diverse especially with the customisation and impressive visuals, but after youve spent millions on purchasing and upgrading them they all feel and handle incredibly familiar with minor differences. This theme is the same with the weapons, all apart from the top level and most expensive are just mind numbingly similar with bland audio and handling. By far the most aggravating example of this lethargic attitude to content is the businesses. On the surface these businesses such as being a drug dealer seem fun and entertaining first and a way to gain money and XP second however after a few hours of owning a business, its function for being fun plummets and its priority for making money skyrockets. This occurs because you realise there are so few missions for each business that it just becomes an endless loop of you repeating the same missions over an over so you can grind your way to buying an overpriced car that turns out to be as identically disappointing as the last one you bought.  The only reason you continue to use the business is because it is the fastest and most reliable method of making money, but this is relative to the other methods, in absolute terms it is still incredibly slow and unreliable exposing GTA Vs lack of depth and adding to the grind.The term grind is important here as when playing GTA online you get the sense that the game is engineered to force the player to grind, GTA has so much grinding in it might as well be that homosexual dating app. The reason for this is that it is in Rockstars interest to make acquiring money through in game means as tedious as possible yet just fun enough to not make their marketing strategy so obvious. This marketing strategy is the Shark Card.  The Shark Cards are essentially a cash converter that converts your hard earned real world money into in game money, this gives you a way out of the tedium of grinding and after youve been driven insane by this tedium the Shark cards seem even more attractive. The evil of this marketing strategy can be explained using Rockstars fish analogy, the dlcs are the bait and you are meant to be the dumb fish that can only eat it by becoming a Shark.  This strategy is so deceptive and evil because on the surface it appears like Rockstar is a cool developer that releases free content but the game is engineered to push you as hard as it can to make you pay for it in the end, but crucially this method is less likely to alienate Rockstars customers.The Shark Cards may be more forgivable if Rockstar didnt still charge nearly 40.00 for an almost three year old game PC version this however is not the worst element of the Shark Card. Shark Cards are the hammer that drove the final nail into GTA Vs coffin, pause for dramatic effect Hackers! Given Shark cards encourage spending on a game that had already been paid for illegitimate and frankly illegal companies piggybacked Rockstars marketing strategy to offer people a cheaper and quicker alternative to Shark Cards or grinding. Programing companies such as A i m w a r   e and Force Hax quickly discovered they could get rich by selling hacking software to players cheaper than Shark Cards, now GTA is riddled with mentally destroyed grinders, people with no real life money and hackers who ruin it for genuine players still clinging onto the shattered remains of GTA online. The way Rockstar deals with hacking makes them look like the Gestapo as anybody who has even been in the same server as a hacker has their account drained and any friendly mods are caught in a blanket ban intended to take out the hackers. This is obviously because anyone who has obtained money the free legitimate way or illegitimately is unacceptable in Rockstars eyes because it means they wont make their intended profit margins.Notice how this review neglects the single player this is both because of Rockstars neglect of the single player and to provide a methaphor to show how little Rockstar cares about single player.Ultimately it boils down to the simple question, is GTA V fun? The answer to that is overall no however GTA masks this fact with addiction. GTA V is an addicting game it has you working hard and grinding for a measurably satisfying conclusion but this addition could be described as like being addicted to Heroin I assume. At first its great and you do it over and over but then it becomes about preventing withdrawal and eventually it destroys you and leaves you penniless.  If you have no life ambitions or you are a millionaire thus you have no need of employment then this game is for you as it is great for replicating all the positives and negatives of a full time job but instead of giving you an income it sucks it dry faster than drying your p e n i  s  by sticking it in a Dyson. I assume.