After hundreds of hours of gameplay, I am going to do a quick review.Yes, the game is good and worth every cent I paid. I preordered it, paying 60. However, it came with some perks including extra in game cash when I start. But I suggest you wait until it goes on sale for 50 or even 45.I am going to talk about the online aspect of the game, although singleplayer was very enjoyable as well. For starters who think they will have to grind, it is not true. As you explore the online world, you will easily reach level 15 by stealing cars, selling cars to LS Customs, participating in gang attacks, or even just getting away from the policemen. Eventually, you will have to start helping others with their missions heist setup, heists, survival, or any regular missions. Some of those missions can easily net you 15,000. If you participate many attractions Los Santos/Blaine County has to offer, you will have 200,000 in no time.Once you hit 200,000, life gets easier. Buy a high end apartment the cheapest one is 200,000 and start doing your own heist. Once you finish the first heist finale not including the tutorial heist, you will make nearly a quarter of a million dollars. TIP do setups in normal difficulty. People might disagree, but the cost of ammunition after each failed attempt can add up. And for someone who just threw down 200,000 on apartment, you probably dont have that money. From there, keep doing heists there are 5 until you net enough money to buy an office and cargo warehouse. Having an office allows you to sign up for CEO through securoserv go to interaction menu in game. Then start working on the cargo warehouse, which can net you a hundred grand every hour or so. Then invest in cocaine or bunker and easy rolling ball of cash. All this will take about 60 to 100 hours of gameplay I think. Unless you grind endlessly and disregard everything else Los Santos has to offer.ORbuy some shark cards. spend US 100 and be wealthier than 70 of the GTA population.Enjoy the game. Play it here and there, make friends, and tell everyone payback is a bch.