Oh GTA, what did TakeTwo do to you? At the time of writing I have logged 743.6 hours in this game that I have thoroughly enjoyed. Many many hours spent with friends in online, messing around and having fun.Things would quickly turn for the worse, with every update coming out adding new and expensive things, eventually reaching the point where we could no longer afford things without making the game our jobs... or paying for horribly expensive micro transactions. There was a moment of relieve early on in the form of benevolent hackers/cheaters/online modders/whatever you feel like calling them. Of course this wouldnt last, but suspiciously, while the money cheating was being combatted left, right and centre, the actual harmful cheaters were left practically unchecked, at least seemingly so.Thats the point I realised what was going on without a shadow of a doubt. This was also the point I more or less abandoned the multiplayer save for a few mess around sessions with friends. Instead, I turned to modding singleplayer with new and exciting things coming out. Drag racing meets, LSPDFR, custom missions hundreds of thousands of cars and other vehicles, all at my finger tips. With only a few clicks and a couple of downloads, I could be cruising down the roads of Los Santos in a Porsche 911 Turbo. A few moments later, I could be sitting at the helm of an F16, taking on AI pilots in deathmatches. Not much longer and I had replaced the blimp with a Helicarrier.All of these amazing things done by so many different amazing people have been undone recently in an effort to reduce cheating, or, more accurately to reality, prevent people from accessing new and expensive multiplayer content in singleplayer. The cease and desist letter sent to the developers of OpenIV, one of the core tools to make GTAV modding possible, was nothing more than a cynical ploy to drive more money out of our wallets. Many of us have already bought the game up to three times, yet they still demand we pay many times the price of the game itself in micro transactions to afford using the new content, provided to every player as free content.This is unacceptable behaviour. This is why I am negatively reviewing this game that I have enjoyed so much since its release. I cannot recommend a game being run by a company like this. The singleplayer on can hold its ground on sale, but at full price, do not buy, and until T2 reverses its stance on modding, do not buy this game at all. Thank you for taking the time to read this.