If you compare GTA San Andreas with GTA V you will notice that the older one had much more enjoyable content and is a way better game than any sequels other than the fact, that is is heavily outdated.Now with GTA V/Online you have a washed out story, a horribly empty map with only 1/3 of San Andreas and a ed up Multiplayer that purely relies on the few people that actually do spend money on microtransactions, because Pay to win OBVIOUSLY makes a great game.You will have to spend months on repetitive grinding on the already repetitive content to actually achieve or buy something and when it comes to the world itself... its just stupid... the world of GTA SA was interesting, believable, immersive, and you could do so much fun things. Pumping yourself up , betting on horse races, spending time in casinos, shooting up burger shops, cheating oh man, i loved the cheat codes, flying jetpacks, having girlfriends and maaany many more. And if you got bored, the modding community got your back.With GTA V you will experience a useless 60 Gb download, no fun cheats in the singleplayer, but a lot of cheaters in the multiplayer except yourself, stupid, childish humor and unimmersive content, repetitive missions, a bad story, no modding support, a worse than usual MMO feeling without sense, and while Rockstar s its own game with stupid 7yearold content, WE as players arent allowed to.GTA is/was fun because YOU and ONLY YOU were the thing interrupting this living, breathing world. Something that tries to be something and you just come up with a rocket launcher and up. A world that becomes your personal playground, a world in which you can rob people and literally destroy their lives.With GTA V Rockstar is robbing you, destroying your life/experience.Nowadays you will be left alone with an empty singleplayer and a terrifying Multiplayer which is not worth a single penny because it only tries to keep up the playtime, while ripping you off with microtransactions. In this case the playerbase becomes Rockstars playground. While your actions are prohibited cheating/modding and other actions simply cant be achieved without money yes ACTUAL money, Rockstar is focusing on stupid things for stupid people.Rockstar does literally NOT listen a single, tiny bit to the actual community. Otherwise we would have a lot more secrets/mysteries in the World, a Jetpack, more buildings to go into, more places to go like the restaurants in SA, more stuff to do, more cities, more features, a good mod support, fun cheats, better gameplay, cheaper and immersive content and an overall enjoyable experience, instead of this... well...  THIS!I regret buying this game so much. All the fun multiplayer stuff you see on Youtube only works if you have a lot of friends that follow your ideas, but a game shouldnt rely on people with money and friends to be fun. Also It attracts people with no money and no friends which will be let down. And when it comes to the singleplayer... you can watch a simple story walkthrough and get the FULL experience, because it has nothing else to offer.