Ive thoroughly enjoyed GTA Online for the past couple of years three years since PC release. The game offers a variety of gameplays, nice cars to buy and steal, tuning, races, Missions,...  Its all been alot of fun. But since about a year, the main focus for the creators is to continually and gradually increase profits through sharkcardsales ingame microtransactions Simple put you fork out real cash for fake ingame cash. All prices for every new item ingame have drastically risen and continues to rise. Now you can also earn ingame money and quite a good deal to be honest, but since the last few months its been very clear that the gaming company wants to maximize your moneyloss. One might say this is the essence of this game putting people up against people and that might be true to an extent. But when you have to collect items for quite a few hours and then , during the few minutes of a sale, it gets blown up in a matter of secs by other players, the fun will wear off soon. In current GTAonline, things are all tweaked to maximize your loss military vehicles/futurustic vehicles,... This coupled with great new vehicles including those military vehicles and now new planes and their huge pricetag will push players towards microtransactions.Some players decided to grind certain ingame money makers, but since the last two DLCs, it became apparent the ingame money monitoring software was/is buggy. This bot removes illegitimate earned money due the game being massively hacked the last six months and while thats a good thing, it also started removing legit and honest earned ingame money from players. Ofcourse youll always have people crying out innocence, when theyre not, but the magnitude and outrage of players crying out right now, speaks otherwise. So then you start filing a formal complaint, aka ticket, to the gaming company to check the bots possible failures... To cut a long story short. There is no support,  you will receive a formal confirmation the removal was correct and due to illegitimately acquired ingame money. No explanation on the when and where and why, so you can at least verify and possibly adapt your gaming. No, if you persist in sending in tickets, the tone of the automated replies turns grim while threatening you with a possible ban if you persist in breaking the EULA.So instead of an explanation which is the very least a player deserves when he got robbed of ingame m illions which do mean quite a few hours of ingame work, you get served a threat.Currently alot of longtime players are reevaluating their gaming time within GTAonline. Its still a fantastic game, but once youll get hit by something that appears fundamentally incorrect wrt ingame earning  hours of playing the game, you cannot trust the game that it wont happen in the future again, as youll receive ZERO explanation.Im not gonna recommend this game to new players. The ingame money earning has decreased drastically, the ingame price tages increased exponentially and the ingame monitoring is so focused on eliminating players money, it cant distinguish illegit from legit money. So both get taken away and then you have to their Support. See above for what happens next...A damn shame, cos there really is no game like this, but itll come with an ever increasing real life pricetag... Just dont assume you can earn it all ingame... You clearly cant... Sad really... Paid DLC would have been a far better choice for players and the gaming company... Not this...