In shortCampaign mode  well worth it. The game itself is incredible even nearly 5 years after being published, has a vast open world that will keep giving after hundreds of hours of gameplay. I currently have 100 hours on record, and still feel like Ive nearly begun playing. The storyline is brilliant, missions that are unrivaled by Vs predecessors. The little details will surprise you over and over again, the places you can find Mike Trevor and Franklin at, the diallogues that you will wait to be over with even though you have basically reached your destination. The game really is a gem, and its well worth the money.Why its currently got lots of negative reviews is well explained by the people who put them.The online mode is... Horrendous. I guarantee you, half the time in online youll spend enjoying it and using the most of it  it has even more missions, great stunt races, heists, even more things to do than in story mode. However, the other half the time spent and Im not even kidding, if youre lucky it will be less than 50 of the time will be either on loading screens to and from sessions, disconnecting from sessions, which will make it very frustrating if you are looking to buy the top vehicles, a yacht, or even a decent property that would be only half a million. It will take you ages just because of it. On some occasions, I spend up to 2 hours in this game trying to do a single heist, but being unable to because of people disconnecting then having to do the loading screen again, and only get to spend 30 minutes out of it playing the game itself. Also, the community is beginning to be You will need to be coordinated most of the time and have a great knowledge in English, that most people seem to neglect, and its really hard once a Russian 13 year olds join you in your missions. dont mean to be racist, nearly all the kids in this game will be the same  spoiled brats. Make them nonenglish speaking spoiled brats in an English game  a 18 one... You wont have a good time.So should you or should you not buy this game?Absolutely. Grand Theft Auto V is a piece of art that you really need to experience. It will provide you with lots of hours of pure fun and enjoyment if youre gonna stick with the exploring and storyline. You will feel the game paying off in the first 510 hours of playing.However, unless you have a really good internet, youre near to wherever the servers are, and have some reallife friends you think you can enjoy the online part with  I dont think you should feel much of the Online mode. In years time, the servers have from what I could feel only gotten worse, which is an indicator they probably wont do much about it any time soon if ever, that is. You shouldnt completely neglect it, but do have low expectations on it. Youll either have quite a fun time, or quite a frustrating one  the later mostly. Unless you have A LOT of the time in your hands, dont expect to grind much.And grinding is not an important part of the game. There is literally so much to do, dont let the frustrating online mode occasionally stop you in it.TLDROnline  not worth. If youre someone who will appreciate the online most of the time, this isnt a game for you.Offline  mustbuy. Details, the story, the message it sends etc. Enjoy it.