Alright, Single Players is good. Buy it if you want a pure good SP game, but the real time is spent in MP.Online is a blast with friends, until you realise that its entirety is crap. Such asA Its cashcow filled with repetative grinding,B Its only really enjoyable with dedicated and trustworthy friendsC It Contains blatent and dilerberate player unfriendlyness such as the only way to get certain clothing items is via glitching, and instead of adding a way for players to obtain these very obviously wanted items, they ing patch the harmless glitches,D Nearzero support outside of more oneoff content which costs dozens of hours just to unlockE Ignoring the community and their feedbackF Implementation of content with little regards to how itll affect the online playspace such as the ing MOTORCYCLES WITH ROCKET LAUNCHERS and MASSIVELY POWERFUL and expensive MILITARY VECHICLESG Very unfriendly for playing with friends, also very unfriendly for playing without friends. Probably spent more than a quarter of my time in this game TRYING to get together with friends, but having to deal with randos disconnecting and ing up the entire lobby by sending you back into the freeroam because THAT was a brilliant decision by their designers!, the longloading times, the clunky interface, the complete lack of a party system which means that you and your friends are constantly being seperated, ect ect.H Very obvious copypaste runbackandforth pointAtoBtoCthenbacktoA grinding missions, only to then wait for ing hours to TRY to sell it which ANYONE can  it up with a single rocket because the game encourages people to be complete and absolute cancerous, to barely make a bit of money, to try to get the money back for buying the requirements to get these missions, to turn hours of time and grinding after grinding into some notion of profit for an OP vehicleI Did I mention how unfriendly the game is in general? Its ing terrible. So many terrible design decisions.J Cancerous community actively encouraged by the gameK Rampant and blatent cheatingL There has been dozens of dozens of reports recently of inocent players having money taken away from their account because of t automated systems which detected it as modded moeny, and having support tickets thats just You modded, we took it away, youre our . Ticket closed.M Continuation of L For example, theres a challenge in GTA Online to do each heist in order without dying. As you may imagine, it is a VERY difficult challange, and nets you 10million of their ingame currency as a reward. People who have completed this challange recently have had that money taken away because the game detected it as cheated money.N Oh, you know how I said that the community is cancerous? Look at how many of the positive reviews lists Its fun interfering with the gameplay of other players in a way which in other games would be a bannable offence as a pro of the game.O The game is one which constantly encourages you to play with friends, but then only has activities which benefits one player, while screwing the rest of them out of their time and effort. While said one player a fair monitary amount for their time, their friends who helped them gain it get nothing but a penny.P The entirety of the shark cards, which is the way R monitizes the game, isnt worth even half of the price it gives. As the game has more dlc added, the prices of the new content goes up, creating massive inflation which the cards havent been adjusted to since... 2013. 100 is not worth 8 million in GTA. 100 is more like 25 million GTA worth.Oh, and thats just the start of it. There so many more issues with it. Take Two. 