Welcome to the world of Grand Theft Auto Five. Youre a proud citizen of Los Santos, a land of ample opportu Quite a digital footprint youre making. A little foolishThis game was very great and kept me entertained for a good amount of time until I got to the point where I could afford my own business. This is when I started noticing how this game is plagued by hackers in every corner. and since Im asian, Im forced into chinese servers where two out of every 5 of them are in evil. They either spawn a lot ofand leave right after, or torture the living hell out of every other person they can find who are just minding their own business.This is a fact. Ive had many of my missions ruined by them and I wouldnt be salty at all if they were just playing fair. This happened on countless occasions to be honest but there has been no way to escape them. I have a few friends that I like playing this game with, but I cant even earn money in invite only sessions because, again, Im forced to play with these cunbags.An example for this would be when I was doing a motorcycle club contract with a friend of mine and were getting chased down by these two guys in a weaponised tampa. They have been griefing us for a long while now and just killing them didnt do anything, sometimes they didnt die. I didnt know why that was at the time, but having changed sessions with my friend around twice already, we were getting pretty impatient. We managed to give them the slip and my friend was around .3 miles away from the obj when he got teleported to the ing mountains where they just kept killing him over and over. We havent done anything to them, we even told them that we wanted to be peaceful if they would just leave us alone.But alas, they cant speak english. although as soon as I called them out for hacking, they leave and some more hackers join a few minutes later.Reporting is abysmal in this game. fcking abysmal. if you cant do it while theyre in the same session, youre screwed. youre not going to be able to report them. theres even a report cooldown timer that rockstar has implemented that will destroy your chances at getting these degenerates punished.But! there is a nifty player search tool in the social tab after pressing Home in your keyboard that you can use! Ah, when I had almost given up on this game, this tool came to my rescue!Too bad that you cant report them for hacking there either! only their avatar and crew name..? who cares about crew names being offensive? and some other stuff that are irrelevant. I mean, when a hacker griefs you and ruins your game for you and others around you before leaving the session, and you werent quick enough to report him, and now all you know is his username, why shouldnt you be able to report them?This is utter bull. The only thing i can do here is take screenshots so that I have their names to be reported on later on when I dont have a class in the next 10 minutes to go to.Rockstar needs a better way to let players defend against hackers, or this isnt going anywhere for most players who just want to play this game legit.If rockstar doesnt do anything to stop them, your only answer is to probably hack yourself just so you have godmode on when those hackers are harrassing the f out of you, but theres always a sliver of chance that rockstar bans you instead of the real culprits at hand.Anyway every new session is filled to the brim with the overpopulated chinese playerbase whom I dont understand because they dont speak english, and around 40 of them are griefers/hackers. This is a problem in the other gamemodes as well.Not everyone on this planet has an entire day to do whatever they want. We try to use our precious free time on this great game and get punished for it by others with too much time on their hands. The only reason Im being salty is because I used to be very passionate about this game, and it was ruined. Dont buy it unless rockstar updates its anti hacking protocols and gives players a better means to report other players using them.a server priority option would also be helpful, I wanted to play with other people who actually spoke english, thank you.PS Playing MTA san andreas on the CTI or was it CIT..? servers were a lot more fun. Dont know if they still are, though. Google MTA san andreas and check it out, you wont regret it.Or you might, as the cti/cit server is what gta v could have been like! there were civilian jobs the player could undertake wanted to be a pilot, you could! and you could rank up through the ranks with your collegues who are working with you! Even farming was a thing! Most jobs had missions of that would give him a stable income, there was a player driven economy,hell, I dont remember but I think there was even crafting there!There was base building with your clan, criminal events, and every cop was a player who would actually work as a team rather than go gung go and try to hunt you down. There were ranks for the police line of jobs, eventually you get to use the military gear. It was a hell of a fun time.Other than that, you could just be a criminal, holding up stores, participating in criminal events where its a massive battle vs the cops as the crims try and steal from a single store, gang wars, and even car shows where the winner usually won big! twas fun.EDIT Ive checked the servers and the player count there is very high. 600 players on out of a maximum of 2000There werent any hackers back then if my memory doesnt fail me 