I used to walk around saying My God, GTAV is the GREATEST GAME to ever grace the world, in all of history.Now Im here to tell you, under no circumstances, should you EVER purchase another Rockstar game as long as Rockstar is in existence.The good GTA is like an interactive wallpaper. Just stand on a mountaintop and watch the sunset, or loiter under a bridge and watch the stream flow and split into 2 separate streams. When you feel like being less boring than me, go blow some stuff up, or see how fast you can drive a car before slamming into something. The game has such fine attention to detail its insane, and it WAS everything I dreamed games would be when I was playing N64 as a kid in the 90s.The bad Rockstar. They only want your money. They started by making a game they knew everyone would love, then they used that leverage tous all. Brutally too, and they wont even kiss you or buy you dinner when its over. They want your money, they want you to buy shark cards or play 1000 hours to buy a Hydra. When you love their missions and minigames, dont be surprised when people start flying around and teleporting to the end goal and finishing it before everyone else even arrives, but God forbid they drop a dollar to you or Rockstar sets you back 1,000 hours of gameplay, taking all your hardearned money and then shamelessly saying FK YOU!tldr version Rockstar made a near perfect game but with a HELL of a lot of bugs, bugs that you can imagine would have been easily fixed if anyone even gave a crap about stuff like thatBut their insane greed and business practices should be acknowledged and abandoned.Dont ever buy a Rockstar game, PLEASE. People, we need to push back against this stuff.These maniacs think they can get away with thisand abuse, and you need to remind them about capitalism and free market and not buy their games purely out of principle. There are so many other games out there we can be playing, that believe in the fun and innocence of a player experience, in terms of how we communicate with each other, the dev company, and how we are rewarded for every MINUTE we spend with our attention focused on these pieces of art, these wonderous stories and lands we escape to.If Rockstar cared at all, they would first issue very public statements about it. Someone very high in the chain should be called out, and probably fired. They need to call up ALL of their game review peers, websites, magazines, and get this word send out en masse how they are sorry, will try to see it from the consumers perspective, and maybe even reward us with actual ingame or physical goods. This will never happen, though. Hence, I will never buy another THING with Rockstars name on it or take two, whoever the hell they are.They will need to start a new company under a different name to trick me into buying another product from them.