This is a review of GTA V Online. I give GTA V 5/5 stars.GTA Online is the best/worse game I have ever played. It somehow creates this perfect balance between being absolutely fantastic with the detailed missions, gameplay, story, and open world but at the same time completely pisses you off by requiring three other players to work with you as a team while simultaneously expecting you to complete missions with very specific requirements that arent intuitive and must be learned from repeated failures. GTA 5 Online has a terrible learning curve that pays in negative dividends.The heists in particular are the worst. They are neat in concept, but the execution is terrible especially when considering you HAVE to have three other people to do the mission.For example a heist called the Pacific Standard Job. During the final heist you have to rob a bank and escape on specific motorcycles the mission forces you to use and you are forced to get to those motorcycles through a very specific path while walking over checkpoints. MIss a checkpoint? Fail the mission.The motorcycles are a terrible choice for the mission and exist to only make the mission artificially more difficult. In fact ironically Rockstar had to eliminate the ability to stash an armored karuma because god forbid players would find a more practical solution to an impractical heist. And that my friends it the core of why I hate GTA Online. An open world game ironically on rails because players find better solutions to stupid problems Rockstar comes up with instead of making missions difficult because it makes sense. Ironically Rockstar is constantly releasing vehicles that cost millions of in game dollars that you cant use on certain missions. Its .I imagine its because it fuels Rockstars shark card business i.e. pay to play business. The missions just end up being frustrating or the missions are a grind. Either way you lose. Most of the time the missions are difficult because the matchmaking is terrible and youre forced to either team up with noobs who dont understand the details of the mission or people from other countries who dont speak English. Imagine trying to work as a team with someone who doesnt even speak your language? It sucks.Also the newer DLC missions like CEO, Bunker, or Hanger are just grind fests to obtain new vehicles. Some of the missions are fun but you end up doing all of the missions dozens of times in order to make money to buy new vehicles that you ironically cant use on certain missions because it would be too easy. lolThe most frustrating thing of all is knowing that on rare occasions everything falls into place. You have the right team with the right skills and the right equipment and for a minute or perhaps an hour the game is the most amazing experience ever. I guess if you buy this game with three other dedicated buddies you will have an amazing time. But if you lack even one of those three enjoy the frustration of having a random Chinese dude who doesnt speak english, doesnt give aabout playing as a team, and will screw over your team over and over again before you smash your keyboard on the hardwood floor. 