  Edited/New part of the reviewNo modding  no dice. you Take 2.EditEven though OpenIV is back I still wouldnt recommend this game if you plan on playing this strictly for GTAO. If you do plan on getting this for Story mode/Modding, Id HEAVILY recommend you get it on sale.Why is GTAO bad you may ask? Well heres a a listHackers are almost in every single public lobby I have even been in. Encounters vary from Person to personE X T R E M E grindfest, makes Warframe a F2P that has a fair bit of grind to it look childish in terms of grinding. Basically P2W since Doomsday Heists.This could be a neutral or bad, but most Online content requires other players, going solo is pretty much super hard, and even MORE grindy than if you were with, say another person.Everything except maybe the Vanilla content is also insanely expensive. Hense the stupid insane grindfest.First few hours are actually fun, afterwards, it feels like you only work to get things, and hardly ever have fun.The new update, Gunrunning, has completely ed balance. Anyone who is brand spanking new will get eviscerated. And to add to this, vehicles from Import/Export are now almost completely useless. The only one that can do anything to anyone would be the ruiner 2K, but even then, youd probably get oneshotted by a Heavy Sniper w/ Explosive rounds. And to add EVEN MORE to this, Doomsday Heist Update has completely ed balance even more than gunrunning. The power creep is absolutley insane, and so is the prices.Shark cards are no longer worth the money due to the absolutely insane inflation of prices. Getting a yacht with nothing but shark cards will cost you around 100 USD.Hey Take Two and Rockstar,You wanna know WHY people hack,mod, and glitch on GTAO?Because your buisness practices/models are completely and absoutley horrible.If you didnt further the grind and didnt shove Microtransactions down our throats  You guys wouldnt put so much effort and time banning and patching. Seriously, you really thing this buisness model is going to fly in RDR 2s Online? You must be out of your goddamned mind if you really think that it will turn out well and NOT recieve backlash.Wanna get on the good side of your playerbase? Make the game not require most of your life to play. Many of us have responsibilites, jobs, etc. I cant believe im even suggesting this, but FFS. ADJUST YOUR SHARKCARDS FROM THE INFLATION I GUARENTEE YOU WILL GET MORE SALES IF YOU DO.Thats pretty much all I can think of at the top of my head, but ill probably update this later.TLDRDont buy for Online, buy for modding/story, wait until its on sale. 