When it comes to good games I can be very patient and dont mind minor flaws or issues, but this game is one of the very few that leaves a feeling of regret, disgust or even anger after a session. In particular GTA Online.Ill try to be quick. The single player is great and I really enjoyed it and Its woth the price Rockstar charge for the game. The game is well optimized. Plenty to do with many achievments and mission replayability. Tho Rockstar overdone with psychotic atmosphere, and sometimes I sat watching ingame cutscenes thinking Oh stop shouting/screaming or just shut up. Too much psychoshite I say. Back to GTA Online...It wasnt more or less playable until Gunrunning update best update IMO, and then  s h i t e  started to happen. Cheaters/modders everywhere. You cant find a session which would be cheater free  jumping to 58 sessions in a row in less than 30 mins cuz every each contains cheater or one logs in shortly after you. Cheating is a cancer of GTA Online and Rockstar do nothing about it! Ive encountered same cheaters twice or more and always reported them, but after some time met them in the game again... I suspect Rockstar doesnt care about cheaters, unless they cheat ingame currency and reduce the chance of people buying shark cards...Even if you get lucky and manage to avoid cheaters for a while another unpleasant thing starts to  p i s s  you off bad  bots. AI in this game is probably the most annoying of all AIs Ive seen in last 17 years of gaming. Bots are literally trolling you on each corner they always crash into you on purpose or even help cops or other hostiles to ram you down when you obtain stars. They are nightmare when they start panicing! Instead of avoiding accidents  they make one, and you are the target! It drives you mad cuz most of the time no matter how skilled driver or shooter you are  they just do an amazing job getting in your way! Id give them award for the best troll AI made to date! The game does not reward you for being skilled and thats turns you off.But latest bot update was a total game killer  autoaim. Maaan, they just spray at you and almost never miss even if you move, take cover or even duck behind the weel. It meant to make your ingame cash earnings even harder but eventually it turned good ol  gunfights into a freaking nightmare. Despite games beauty and achieved progress I totally lost a will to log in back to game lately.Back to shark cards. 8 million ingame cash for 60... this is insane!!! 8 mil is close to nothing in GTA online some outfits cost up to 100k! If 60 is a pocket change for ya  give it a shot, but Id rather go buy something REAL and useful than spending so much money on something that physically dont even exist!..After a break I tried Doomsday update. Heists are alright. Just one problem... ORBITAL CANON! FML. A perfect Spit in the face of honest GTA online players and Cheaters have fun spending your multibillion finances! combination. What does it mean? It means that honest folk trying to earn hard ingame money end up wasting their time and resources whilst overhyped modder scum blows his  a r s e  way with OSorbital strike. And theres no way to avoid it or hide from it. Ive been obliterated few times by random players. Ive seen videos of people being annihilated by OS whilst resting in the bunker!! Bridges, roofs, undergrounds, water  nothing will save you! No warning, just instant death form the sky! You sellign full bunker of weapons worth over 1 million?! BOOM! GONE! All you hard work and time gone in a matter of a few moments and the  twat  who shot you sits in safety laughing his  a r s e  off! He just spent 500750k to ruin your day but he doesnt care  he prolly got another 300 billions to spend and you are  f e c k e d !Could it be a way to highlight cheatersby recording excesive OS use?.. I dont know.In conclusion, its one of a kind gamesadly!, but until its ravaged by endless cheaters, toxic community, aim bots and greedy trolly Rockstar  its on a highway to oblivion.I recommend SINGLE player, but I wont recommend ONLINE which is basically the head of GTA 5 game. 