Hours playedXbox360  Over 800 hrs.Xbox One  Over 600 hrs.PC  Over 200 hrs.Total hours playing GTAV  1400 Hrs. Over the span of the games lifetimeI feel I can leave a real review on this game after all the time I have played it. I bought it for the 360 on the midnight release. Once I finally got my Xbox One, I bought this game with the system. I got it for PC a few months after it dropped for pc, was waiting for a friend to get it as well. I have even bought the game for my wife on PC, and I have even spent real money buying shark cards. 4 total. Spending a total of about 320 roughly on this game.Pros Always start with the pros.The game is just fun, I have spent so much time just driving around the world ramping my motorcycle off of EVERYTHING!!Cool vehicles, and always adding new ones. Ramp car  Rocket car  AWESOME JUMPS!Expansive world, there is so much to see and do in the world. Its fun just to stalk around the city and listen to the NPC chatter.Single player, Well the first time through it was fun, after that it gets kind of boring.Great graphics, And it just got better with each system change. YAY PC!!Multiplayer chaos, Going on a rampage through the streets with other players is just a fun pass time.Updates, There is always something new coming out in this game.ConsEconomy, WTF Take Two / RockStar  RS and TT?? To get the rocket car you must first buy the business building 1.5 mill, then the special garage to store it in, thats another 1.5 mill and these are for the cheapest setups Now the car becomes available for you to buy at a cost of your first born child, and maybe your second Around 34 mil if I remember right. And you only get a few thousand  for doing jobs. So you basically would have to play for 8 hrs a day for almost a month to afford just the ramp car. I understand them wanting to sell the shark cards and all but this is ridiculous. And they wonder why people mod it to get money.Modders, Yes Im talking to all of you out there that hack the damn game.. I understand why it is done, I even believe there should be specific servers made just for people that want to play modded games, however if I am in a live game, and someone is just running around with god mode on and killing everyone, well thats just annoying, and makes me not want to even play the damn game.Server Lag, There is, and always has ben horrible server lag. In a closed lobby with just myself and my friend we experience massive lag. Just hop in the passenger seat of their car and start shooting at cops. You may be fine for a second, but it will defiantly start to lag out on you, they will be driving on their screen, and you guys will be stopped on yours. This lag has ben following the game from day one. Heres a random idea, Maybe RS and TT should spend some time fixing server issues, and optimizing the world a bit better than worrying about how many millions of  the next car should cost.ECONEMY Had to state it again It truly is ridiculous how much they make things cost.Loss of mission payouts, Ok so this may need a slight explanation. When farming for money in this game, which is what you find yourself doing more often than not just to get a dumb car there are only a hand full of missions that pay out around the 20K range. If you keep playing those missions, after about the 3rd one you will begin to get smaller payouts. They want you to farm for money, but if you do they reprimand you for it. Ultimately they really want you to buy the shark cards.There are a few more complaints I have with this game, but they are opinion based, and I am trying to just state facts for the most part.My over all opinion on this game is this, 1400 hours played, and I feel like RS and TT are taking advantage of their player base. This truly is a great game, in the sense that it is extremely fun with friends, the world is great, and there is so much to see and do in it. However with the reality that this game is fully based on the micro transactions of the shark cards has made me stop playing it. This review has nothing to do with the Open IV thing, mainly because I have never modded this game. I understand why people are upset about it, however I do not feel that should be grounds for this mass uprising against the game creators. I am giving this game a true review on only what RockStar and Take Two have made for, and given us. Nothing more.Final gradesWhen game launched  9/10Where the game is now  3/10 If the game launched with this broken economy, I would have never played it in the first place.God I wish I could be leaving a better review for this game, I truly had a lot of fun playing it, and spend many sleepless nights in shoot outs with LSPD. But as it stands now I no longer have the time to just farm for months on end just to get one of the new cars. I truly believe if things didnt cost so much in game, there would be a lot less modders in multi player. So ultimately Rockstar and Take Two have shot themselves in the foot, they brought it on themselves. They just got to greedy with the shark cards.Do I recommend this game?? Not any more....P.S.Let them mod Single player, there is no harm in that. I agree they should be banned for modding multi player though, Just fix the damn economy.