really take2 reallysp mod just poof gone like thatwe need openiv you ersThe Campaign mode is horribly dull when compared with the rest of the series. The characters are awesome, but the story and several missions...Bland. They could have built something beautiful, something far more intricate. Solo, it just feels very limited.Online.....Yikes. It is a hit and a miss, honestly. Sometimes youll find a server with some decent folks, group up together and do jobs, be it selling drugs and whatnot from businesses, stealing and selling cars, the works...But the vast majority will seek you out and hound you every step of the way, making sure youre stopped in your tracks to prevent you from getting money. The worst ones are those nerds that are in jets that fly around doing airstrikes across the city. The messed up part, is no matter how much destruction they cause, the cops never seem to want to take them down.The game itself is VERY fun, not going to lie. Love the customization, from cars, to guns to clothes. But to make money, it all hinges on who your put with in a server. Lack of money stands in the way of unlocking and customizing.Kind of wish they had a sort of bodyguard option, not just the Merryweather Support chopper and the merc hitsquad. Would be cool to hire some thugs or whatever to follow you around and help defend you. It is kind of needed when you get chased across Los Santos without any sort of support.I didnt use mods all that much, however I did use it in soloplayer, installed that Bodyguard mod, and it was pretty damn fun. Played out a turf war, with Franklin and a group of Green guys. Wreaked havoc with Michael and a team of security guards. And sowed chaos just about everywhere with Trevor, with a bunch of hobos and addicts. Good times.Anyway. People are attacking Rockstar and Taketwo about the modding thing, and I totally understand and get that. I would have been prettytoo. But they are in fact, running a business and are looking for ways to milk out the cash out of us. Instead of investing in better anticheats and whatnot, they decided to say no to all mods in general.I see their point of veiw, and I see ours. I dont think we ought to judge them too harshly. If it was us running this, wed probably do the same thing, but I am sure there are better alternatives. I hope they patch things up, and I hope they continue to create great games. Though maybe without as much useless emphasis on the Movies, golf, tennis, when some folks would rather run their own Cartel, Cult, or Government Agency or whatever.