As a person who bought this game almost solely for the modding opportunities, I am seriously disappointed with this games management.For those whom arent aware, TakeTwo, the games publisher, sent a Cease and Desist notification to the developers of OpenIV a modding tool which allows users to replace and modify files in Rockstars special archive format .rpf. This means that the future of the games modding is in question as files for vehicle models, player models, peds, voicelines and various other game files will no longer be accessible to modify.This could hinder the benifits of model replacements ever wanted to change the models of police vehicles into realistic CVPIs? Not anymore. Wanted to change the models and environment to look like its from another country? No longer possible. The direct consequence is that the player or modder can no longer create or install these mods an open world game like Grand Theft Auto is ideal for modding.These have no impact on online play as the anticheat system would block you from accessing GTA online and this decision mostly has its affects on the players who want to enjoy single player with something more than just the vanilla game whilst most cheaters in online play get off free.This decision affects the modding community at its heart and is not something I will condone. Fair enough, people who cheat in online play should be banned, but the developers who change the game in single player  or the players who use the mods, where it does not impact on anyones gaming experience except the player enjoying the mods are not cheating. This was a terrible decision to make and if you dont redeem yourself now by withdrawing the Cease and Desist order, GTA VI will not be a record breaking hit on the PC again.TLDR TakeTwo Interactive sent the delevopers of a vital modding tool a CD notification. This will harm the modding community therefore I, and many others, am angry.If you believe that OpenIV should continue to operate, please sign this petition. I am not confident that it will make much of a difference but its somethingEdit There is a clear difference between modding and cheating. Modding is changing the game or your own experience in an environment where it doesnt affect anyone but yourself. Cheating is where one changes the game to give themselves an unfair advantage over others. So for those who say that this shoots down cheaters youre wrong.