Let me preface this by saying that the single player is phenomenal. The single player game gets a 5/5 in my book and that alone is worth 30, even the 60 it cost new. The level of attention to detail is staggering, impressive, above and beyond what most any other game even attempts, and they do it well. They aim for the stars, and succeed.The online is broken, wrong, and misguided for so many reasons. Its made all the more heartbreaking by how much potential there is, wasted potential.At the core of the problem is the business model/strategy1. Make a bunch of cool, shiny, awesome toys.2. Make these toys unattainable through eitherA  Grinding for a disgusting, life wasting, repetetive amount of time, repeating the handful of highly profitable missions that quickly become a chore for hundreds of hours even hundreds of hours will only unlock a handful of the awesome content youll want, orB  Shell out hundreds and thousands of dollars for shark cards a way of purchasing in game GTA money with your real life moneyC  Pay someone a pittance to log into your account and give you a billion dollars or so.On top of this, the game is ridiculously moddable. Anyone, with a quick google search, can mod in game and have complete and total power. I cant imagine those poor souls out there who actually jumped through the hoops and earned all this content legitemately. The thousands of hours they poured into this broken system, these unattainable toys with prices that are only supposed to bully you into buying shark cards, not inspire you to earn them. To go through all that trouble, only to come up against people who make themselves invincible through modding. These people are by no means rare, they are in lobbies more often than not.The respawning system is beyond odd. You die, and you respawn paces away, in the same place, indefinitely. Can you imagine how much fun the PvP is when every fight eventually devolves into 2 guys sniping each other back and forth until one finally decides to leave?There are other ways to play the game, avoiding the open world lobby all together. Arranged races, deathmatches, missions, heists, etc. These are fun, but before getting to these you have to first load into the open world, between these matches you have to load into the open world lobby, which brings me to my last point.THE LOADING SCREENS. The god awful, ridiculously, unnecessarily long loading screens. So you have 45 minutes or so to game? Be prepared to spend 1015 of those minutes looking at loading screens that beg you to buy sharkcards. Doesnt matter whether you have a 10 year old computer with 2gb of old ram, or a new screamer with 32gb of ddr5 with the game loaded on a solid state, the loading screens keep going, and going, and going, and going, and going. After a mission, theres a good chance youll never even get past the loading screen thats supposed to take you back to the open world/lobby. Youll just have to altf4 and start all over. These loading screens are the reason so many people end up playing content in the open world lobby the lobby with all the modders with toys youll never be able to afford, and avoiding all the fun matchmaking, to avoid all but the initial loading screen.TLDR  Campaign is awesomely impressive, online is a prime example of everything that is wrong with gaming and there are so many other cool games that deserve you attention more than this terrible online experience.