was a a great game, as the sales number generated can tell you. but the greed has ruined this game from the beginning and it only got worse. i managed to deal with it, find stuff to do without money and avoiding buying any shark cards. and therein lies the problem. everything taketwo and r try to do is steer us towards buying sharkcards with the release of crazy expensive dlc in game expensive. 1 20 shark card gets you 1.25 million in game dollars. this is the perfect amount to get a low to mid level car and fully upgrade it. 20 for a virtual car when i have this entire game for 60 and all 20 gets me 1 fully upgraded virtual car in a video game? that and when u consider each dlc is 1025 million of new stuff, u need to get the 8 million shark card for 100 real dollars. my steam version of the game has been banned from online from people reporting me as a modder. sure the modders were to blame, but i rarely ran into any. there was one who teleported us to one spot and leveled up the whole lobby to crazy high levels and dropped money on us and i was banned the next day cuz i didnt leave in time. i get unbanned after a month but my high level is still there, and i start killing everyone as usual its gta so wtf did u make the game for and people started to report me as a modder. even after this i still support modding simply because single player is more enjoyable to me anyways. all the visual mods i could get as well as special camera angle mods to help with making youtube videos, running around playing as a stripper beating down cops, like come on whats more fun? i moved to pc gta from console cuz their greed is killing the game. entire crews disappear from the game never to play it again and the one thing that was keeping people playing was the modded money online. nobodywith a few exceptions wants to work and grind just to be able to play a game. i dont have time for that as do most. More of us on pc are mature and have jobs, we arent little kids with nothing to do all day like on console. if i have an hour, i want to spend it playing not working, i already have a job. 