The main problem here is that, if youre new to the game, you have a monumental ladder to climb to be competitive with existing players. Rockstar, in their infinite wisdom, has put everything behind exorbitantly high pay walls. This is to compel people to buy Shark Cards. Further, theyve taken away just about every substantial money making method at low to mid player levels. Yeah, if youre well equipped, you can do Pacific Standard levels, but what if you arent?For the last three updates, Rockstar has done about 0 innovation, and instead released new content at gouging ingame prices and playable content can only be done in public sessions with hackers and people geared to the teeth. Theres no such thing as ranked matchmaking, so if youre in your teens, be prepared to go up against players with a full arsenal and maxed stats.So lets say you make the foolish mistake of plunking down 100 for 8 million ingame dollars. What does that get you? You can get a nice car, a nice hideout, and maybe a fancy plane or a rhino, or instead maybe a nice bunker. These things are gonna run you 13 million a piece roughly. Yes, you just paid 100 for that. This is why people exclusively hack the game to give money. Its not hacking to screw over other players, its hacking to thwart Rockstars greedy extortionism.For frame of reference, go play the single player. See how fun it is and how you can make a decent return for a decent risk in missions? Not so online. Making enough money to buy anything of use is like pulling teeth. You grind and grind and grind to get anything of value. This is why people hack for money. Rockstar knows this, but instead of making the game more inviting and more importantly to them making shark cards more attractive to players by lowering ingame prices or increasing the amount of ingame money you buy, they continue to make things more expensive. Instead of making the whole game less of a grind or giving an out for new players to climb the ranks without dealing with griefing or overlystrong competition, theyve doubled down on it.Rockstar is a bad company whose only creative game design talents left the company long ago. Whats left is moneyhungry parasite that will chase the dollars in your pocket in the most manipulative and consumerunfriendly methods imaginable. They are massively out of touch with how to fund sustained game development despite there being plenty of better examples of this on the market.And how out of touch are they? They think ongoing OpenIV development is what enables the money hacks. In their mind, shutting down all of moddinjg will stop money hacks. I got news for you Rockstar and TakeTwo Interactive. it wont stop the hackers. It will stop the honest modders and the people who enjoy to play the game on RP servers. Yeah, the people who arent hurting anyone. But those so hungry for money that they will hack your game? They will continue.If you were serious about stopping hacking, you shouldve been more aggressive 2 years ago. You could easily track every hacked dollar, but instead you decide to wipe out your entire modding community. Get bent and good bye. 