I mostly play Online so this is entirely irrelevant to people who want to play for the singleplayer story.As my stats may show, Ive played the majority of my hours in just the last few weeks and unfortunately, Ive experienced a few ridiculous bugs to the point where I cant really recommend it yet. After doing an MC mission to hijack a prison bus, all 8 prisoners succesfully board the helicopters, BUT the mission FAILS instead, so after all that trouble, you get 1000 instead of 25000. Vehicles sometimes dont stop at all in 30 m when you break at 10 mph, tho still making loud, deep skid marks. Very annoying if you need to not roll into the ocean in a mission. Motorcycle Club Businesses  4 Motorcycle Deliveries sometimes bug out when you deliver 3, meaning you can randomly lose 25 of your profit, which can be up to 105 k. The system that kicks idle players that have been afk for 15 minutes sometimes kicks you out after 3 minutes when youre alttabbed. Following, joining a new session after being kicked sometimes takes literally 30 minutes. At certain angles, picking up your motorcycle from the ground causes you to die immediately and fly 100 feet away. Some motorcycles, when fallen, roll upside down and must be jumped over to turn them over again, otherwise you will be unable to ride on them again. In certain freemode missions in certain areas, such as resupply missions at Humane Labs where you must search crates, you will sometimes be completely unable to enter a vehicle, even the vehicle you brought in. You will be unable to request a vehicle as it is greyed out and must walk out to the entrance road, possibly with 3 stars due to mission circumstances. Moreover, sometimes when SUCCESSFULLY DELIVERING supplies to your MC business, it simply disappears, as horrendously tedious as some of these missions are, your rewards can literally vanish whenever the game feels like it. When setting up heists, the cut you can divide up sometimes suddenly all goes to 0 and cannot be raised, resulting in 0 reward upon completion unless restarted. Although a rare and small issue, it is still a bug.These are just some bugs Ive experienced, with an irrelevant copypaste its your fault change your graphic settings response from support the one time I contacted them about delivery missions bugging out and money disappearing.Though, I still enjoy the Online version greatly, so feel free to disregard this review. 