Ive had this game for a while, and with that I can tell you exactly how this game went online. Long Review. TLDR at bottomWhen I got this game, it was good, it was fun, things werent exuberant in price, you could get a good car within a day, and a good place within a few more days, grinding for money was a thing but you could play the game without focusing on gaining the money. CEO is kinda cool. But thats how the game for me started.I played for a while and then Motorcycle club stuff came out, yet again this for me was pretty nice, the abillity to gain money over time without physically spending the majority of your time getting the loot for your club to manufacture into better worthwhile stock. Allows you to mess around with your friends without penalizing you for not actively gaining money.Later on,  CEO got a new update, Import/Export, Vehicle Warehouse. You could steal vehicles and sell the vehicles for money in the way how special cargo worked. You collect small bits, and sell bulk. Vehical Cargo was similar but you gain little stock and sell little stock. for big money. As of currently, one of the best ways of gaining money in GTA Online. With this update we saw the release of Special Vehicles, these vehicles was fun, but was the start of power creep. These were costly, The Nightrider car is 5mil.Now Gunrunning released. Major powercreep here. Explosive Heavy Sniper Rifle makes planes pretty weak within combat. You had vehicles which you could upgrade to be more resilient to damage and protective of your fleshy body. These vehicles arent cheap either. The upgrades were locked behind research, researched can use stock you can steal to do overtime, or you can fasttrack the research, which for the first is 100k, then 225k for the rest. FastTracking can reduce all the research into a 3hr time period. These items can dominate a game if used by a group of competent people.Now the new update as of writing this Smugglers Run. Oh boy, what do I have to say? Except its of subpar quallity to previous updates. Yes the previous update had problems, but even that update was better. The planes arent worth the money, even when upgraded. Balance is another problem with this update, the planes are fairly low damage, unless youre a fan of homing missles on the planes. A Hydra is a straight upgrade to them, and that already exists in the game, and is considerably cheaper since you dont have to buy a hangar to store it. The hangers money making system is the same as Special Cargo. Build up supplies by grabbing bits and sell bulk. Except unlike special cargo you can only get 1 crate of goods at a time, which is worth 10k. Special Cargo is worth twice the money If you go use the Large Special Cargo Warehouse. And you can gather up to 3 at once. Also, the update is buggy, but thats to be expected. The update on a whole appears to be rushed. Compared to Import/Export and Gunrunning, this DLC doesnt have missions to reduce price of the vehicles, thats an unlock of just doing supply runs. That is a downgrade as the missions were actually fun, the supply runs not that fun, in this update actually really fustrating. You shoot down the enemy and more enemies spawn constantly throughout the mission. Its tedious at best. Its also worth considering that this updates stuff at the best options costs 30 million in total. If you bought the cash cards thats 240 worth of cash cards to get this stuff... O.oIf anything, I hate to say that Rockstar has made a hash of the current update. As this update is more buggy than Gunrunning was on release. The supply missions are tedious at best. On the whole, this update isnt fun. GTA Online as the entire thing is a boring grindfest. You need money if you want to have fun with things like the HalfTrack. And Id dare say that modders that actually drop money for others make the game a more of a balanced experience. Not everyone has the time and/or funds to unlock the expensive content.TLDR GTA Online is a grind fest to get the good things. Unbalanced, and possibly contains Pay2Win elements.