I have owned this game for four years. From the PS3 to the PC. I bought a PS3 just to play it because it wasnt on PC. Poured thousands of hours into it on ps3 and hundreds into the PC version. Including the online mode. Only four months ago I decided to try to play mods. Not knowing Rockstar is the Nazi Germany of mods trying to exterminate all of the mods. But I had fun. I didnt touch multiplayer because I knew better. But I played with realism mods, LSPDFR and mods that allowed multiplayer vehicles to singleplayer. And I played through the whole story and had tons of fun with the story that has received no DLC. No additional Locations, basically completely ignored after a few bug fixes and texture improvement from release date. I have played through the story nearly a dozen times and modding gave me several playthroughs of having some more fun.Well when I was done playing with mods and wanted to try the multiplayer again. I reverted all my files to the original backup I kept and tried to play multiplayer only to find out that I had been banned permanently. After several emails I found out that I was banned on MULTIPLAYER. For playing SINGLEPLAYER with mods. Since then I have yet to touch the game. It has been several months and now I have found out that Nazi Germany. I mean, Rockstar Sony has been threatening legal action to modders. People whos sole purpose was to make the game better. Or more fun. Or silly. People who loved grand theft auto. Who were dedicated fans who have played through all of them multiple times like myself.Honestly there are so many better games out there that I really think you could have more fun playing something else. And if youre not one of the millions of steam users who own grand theft auto 5 and are considering purchasing it? Please dont. Its not worth it. Buy Grand Theft Auto 4. Add some texture mods and gun mods or anything you want. And enjoy that game. But be careful because on the PC you need to mod the game in order for it to even work because of Games for Windows Live. A failed program that has been a scar on several PC games.Choose wisely. Dont get GTAV developed by Adolf Hitler of Naziexterminate all the mods. 