Please remember to be polite and follow the Rules and Guidelines. Sorry Valve but you should ehh... You should look away.Dear Rockstar Studios, I know you say this wasnt your fault but...Nah, nah  you guys. You pinned the blame on another company, this wasnt an action Take Two just decided on independently. You cant just sit back and raise your hands like Wasnt us. Fannies.The online is trash  that much is obvious  and even though you apologised it doesnt change the fact you dip tried to squeeze more god damn money out of us.Oh and R.I.P Liberty City mod.Your idea of fixing things is this  Lets  it, abuse it and kill it stone dead.Then resurrect it so we can  it again.And again.Well make profit off of it anyway.The publishers killed modding to enforce their insane prices to continue enjoying the online game, and frankly if the game is this old and its still getting treated like a cash cow, Id keep my wallet far away from take two and their games.I mean, outside of take twos short lived decision, its a pretty fun game, of course it has itsConswallet gouging micro transactions just to save 13 hrs grinding but its still a blast to play with friends, unless your friends are aholes.Good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Very good game. Nice open world. Best storymode i ever played and also a nice multiplayer.I wish I could give this game a thumbs up but sadly I cant although I have a ton of fun in this game it is only because i have plenty of friends who play it with me and even then it is only two hours of fun then you all stop playing for a while then you all do it again later and then repeat. I really wish that rockstar could add a story dlc like they have done before but sadly rockstar is only after money now, it really breaks my heart to see such an amazing franchise change for the worse, I really hope that rockstar changes back to what they were like in the olden days, but until then i will sit here waiting and hoping like every other gta franchise lover.In my opinion the online portion of the game has just gone toin the past year of more with updates that introduce insanely expensive vehicles that are totally unbalanced and practically force you to either waste your money on  shark cards or spend hours on end completing the most ing boring and bland delivery missions ever which cost millions to buy anyway!Its great If you either have the money to buy shark cards, an unlimited amount of friends that dont bore you after repeating the samefor 5 hours now or if you are a new innocent player who can still buy the cheap,  cars! It would be better if there were more heists where the game actually interacts with you and give you the only fun way of getting money although if you play solo its stillas the online community dont communicate or frankly even know how to play on the level you do and keep bringing you down!Rockstar you need to bring the game back to the basics which used to make it fun and enjoyable and stop being the scummy money s you are! This is all coming from a long lasting player all the way from xbox 360 with around 600 total hours in the game.I love GTA 5 is  one of the funest game to play, but there are so many bugs in this game. IT MY THIRD TIME reinstalling this game. I would recommand anyone to buy this game from STEAM. It random crashes, etc...Take Two Interactive and theyre scummy business practices have put a knife deep in the back of a loyal community of gamers dedicated to this series. a comminity of which that keeps these games alive and kicking well after theyre AAA sales hit peak bottoms on console ports because there is nothing left to offer players there. i dont know if thats their way of punishing PC community to accomodate other gamers but either way they are successfully alienating a base of players they shouldnt be and well i dont feel the least bit bad for them. they have lost a customer for good and i dont care if their next game is the 2nd coming of christ.GTFOH with that BS.Great game VERY FUN!