Having mixed feelings about this game is an understatement. Grand Theft Auto 5 is an amazing game... if you are playing mainly singleplayer. GTA 5 has an amazing story mode with memerable missions and characters, it has a huge living world from downtown Los Santos to Paleto Bay this game showcases a world you want to be lost in. That being said there is a Mature rating for a reason, this game pushes the boundries on what is acceptible and what is excessive when it comes to explicit content. That being said it is normal for a GTA game to do this, I think people should thouroughly looking to this sort of content beflore buying. Besides that I promise that this will be a story you will never forget.Online, Oh OnlineGTA Online is a completely seperate part from the games story where you make a character and play in a fully multiplayer expirience the main problem with online is its money system. Rockstar seems to make everything expensive, almost out of reach to a casual player who does not want to endlessly grind heists to make money. Now you could just buy shark cards which allow you to just buy in game money, but this on top of the 60 unless on sale price tag you pay at the start. Its not worth it to play for online, no wonder there is so many hackers.Modding  NOTE As of now modding is at a stand still, I do not know what is going on but last I heard was that TakeTwo Rockstar parent company had banned an essential tool to mod GTA 5, if modding is fine then read below, if not just skip it.Modding is amazing in gta 5 just as its been in other gta games, mods are relitively easy to install and open limit less oppertunitys no steam workshop support but easy to install, you can add veichles, new models, weapons, anything is possible.Conclusion I am recomending Grand Theft Auto 5 because of its amazing story which could be on its own and still worth it. The endless fun you can have in this game is something that should be enjoyed by everyone. Online is terrible, it is a cashgrab way to squeeze money out of gamers with more and more expensive updates, whatever happened to a singleplayer DLC? If modding is working then it is another reason to get the game as it provides even more gameplay to this beautiful game.9/10Story Nothing short of amazingOnline hit, avoid at all costsModding Endless fun to an already amazing game 