Its Good to see the community come together. Rockstar will and probably have realised their mistake And Take Two to mess with the modding community. As Ive been reading the reviews someone mentioned how much Rockstar have earned from shark cards and so fourth... Anyway, its in the billions.My personal opinion, dont quote me on this but maybe Rockstar are trying to get rid of mods so players buy more shark cards. Its evident because most ingame currency is generated via cheaters doing a drop and go and then you get banned. Their is a huge divide between audiences and the producers of this game now this has happened. Because it does seem that cheaters get praised rather than punished, then the players that have played the game in its unmasked form Without cheats are the ones being picked off by the company Rockstar. I would like to think they fix these issues with the community. Again another personal opinion could be that they know the loyal players that have done nothing wrong and are being banned will buy the game again. At the end of the day it all comes down to capitalists and their greed for SHMONEY.I admit i have used mods to gain advances in the game and i got banned after a while. However i used it for the money not for personal gain against other players. And if someone asked for money id give it to them because they have basically gave me peromission and if they got banned it wouldnt be on me. However I agree on the fact that most ingame products are over priced and the grind for money is tough, but is it? is the product an issue? I think the ingame economy needs to be fixed for sure, You simply dont earn enough to do what you want to do. I struggle to even buy full ammo now. Yet there are cheaters just chilling with there 100 billion dols and golden tinted weps. Not fair.To really comply with the communities needs is a must, Rockstar is a thriving company but they need to listen to their peers and make them happy. They need to update the game to fix some issues with cheaters and modders that make other players fun die. I quit this game months ago because i Could NOT do anything online without being magically ejected from my Heli and die. Or be trapped in a spawned object.Lastly, I think we as a community should formally come together and write down the issues of the game, Cheaters and modders especially. Because writing OPENIV will not just fix the issue will it? I shall write my reasons formally underneath as to why I dont recommend this game, But people that arent writing the reason in more detail you should! in order to reach to the higher. The many of us can do that.MY ISSUES WITH THE GAMESingle Player   1. Not enough Story there should be spin offs maybe?2. Its very Lonely, Maybe add up a Coop extension 13 players MIke, Trev and Frank.3. Some bugs that need fixing such as falling through the map randomly i experienced that for some reason.Multiplayer   1. MAybe fix the cheaters/Modders or add a lobby that detects files of a modder/cheater and place them in a lobby away from the players that play the game properly.2. Add some more activites. Such as the mines, maybe add something like that to explore with friends?3. The economy, dare I expand further on this point?4. Allow Mods in multiplayer experiences but monitor them incase they ruin the experiences, dont just click ban when youre not giving a warning. A ban is not a warning a suspension is.5. Listen to the community and not yourselves, therefor everyone comes to an agreement.RockstarHire me so I can fix your mess. TY