The story mode of gta v has its points, but some of the writing is a bit pathetic. They could have provided a better experience for players. Most of the gameplay does work and can be fun. It has some weird side quests and some unusual events to experience. Though you end up having to use a guide or a walkthrough to experience more than half of the things because too many of these events are so obscure that people couldnt find them even while trying to find the ufo.Another aspect of gta v is the online multiplayer mode. They really did provide some good things to do online. You can get involved with other players and play a decent version of gta with friends. The key problem with their online though is a constant shoveling of newer better stuff to get you to spend the in game money because they dont really want you playing, the want you buying shark cards which get you in game money. It is heavily marketed that way and can be annoying at times but is not the worst issue. It really is just a small issue that they nearly harass you with in game coments from npcs and constant beeps from the phone about things you should be buying. It would not really be a problem if the game was normally playable.Lately the game isnt particularly playable. The methods they used to provide the online content leaves it vulnerable to some versions of cheating. Because of the vulnerabilities mod creators tend to provde lots of cheats for some people to abuse the game with. Those people start to make sure that no one else can play the game. Rockstar does attempt to ban wave at times as they detect the cheats, and they do have a ban system in place that can permanently remove an account from playing online. But they dont do any more than that. Cheater takes away all your progress, well if they got detected, then they get a temporary ban first, then a permanent ban on second offense. You on the other hand after a week of contacting support usually get some of your stuff restored, but glitches end up leaving some things inaccesible for weeks or months.Cheaters abuse everyone constantly for multiple days at a time, and Rockstar merely just lets it happen. It may not be easy for any developer to prevent cheating, but lately I would say that Rockstar makes an effort to endorse cheating because they are not doing anything about these issues anymore. If you want to play gta online, then play only in private sessions where you cant access the good content or meet other people that you have not already made friends with. In other words, until you see proof that Rockstar has done something about the cheating, dont play gta online. 