Was playing GTA online, Chinese dude in server. He teleported me to his location. then proceeded to bomb my car and kill me. I said Please dont kill me im in mission. He says okay. 20 minutes later he kills everyone in server at once. I spawn once again, then find out he has somehow pinned the Chinese Flag to my body. I am now literally running across the map with the Chinese Flag soaring on my body. Only then do i realize my body is also on fire. I die. I respawn and im still on fire and i die. Switched server then still died. So i went back to SP. Went back to Online and it was gone. Same thing happened some time ago except someone pinned a massive Christmas tree on me. 10/10Its GTAV. I dont even need to say much. SIngleplayer is awesome and story is well paced, mission variety is high and plenty of things to do in the world. It will definitely keep you busy for a couple hundred hours. And then theres GTA online. Its an addictive experience. It has massive load of features and it will take you some time to understand just how massive it is. Making money is essential to GTA online and progression system is very rewarding. Unlike singleplayer, your properties are valuable and investments like cars and jets are tracked at all times and owning stuff is actually a good feeling. You will likely encounter trolls time to time but there are ways to avoid them via passive mode or by creating an invite only session of online gameplay. Making money isnt hard and you can spam short, well paid double cash and reputation jobs. While already fun, GTA online is a blast when you play with friends as it makes grinding stuff easier and fun. There is an absolutely limitless amount of stuff to do and buy and it will take another couple hundred hours.I can honestly say that every penny of your money will feel like a sensible investment when you buy this game. Ive played 300 hours and I still havent done more than 10 of jobs. Besides jobs there are races, deathmatches, contact missions, stronghold like team deathmatches and freemode events generated by Rockstar. You can start motorcycle clubs, ride in biker formation, own a weapon manufacturing bunker, sell guns, start cocaine businesses, weed farm, counterfeiting, black market business and so much more. When you are bored you can simply roam around the map and enjoy yourself. Whatever you do in GTAs campaign and Online compnent, you will have an absolute blast with this game. Doubly so with friends. Games dont get bigger or more engaging than this.