First, look at how many hours I have in this game. I have spent a lot of time in it with friends. However, there is no way I can recommend this game. Id like to start off by saying Ive been playing since the original lauch on Xbox 360. I had technical issues there with the single player and when I contacted their support about it it somehow became my routers problem that I was getting disconnected from GTA Online. Fine I thought Ill just play single player that was until the game would crash any time I left the city which was where my story missions were. After dealing with bitter support agents I finally got it to work and I played on 360 until the pc version came out and I used it to push my newly built pc 980 ti, i7 6700k and 16gb of RAM.All of that said, the single player is pretty fun for one or two playthroughs but it gets old kinda quick.Thats where I thought either multiplayer or mods would help increase the lifespan of this game. Lets start with mutliplayer. At first it seemed rather fun. That was until I tried to steal a car that was deemed too hot to add to my garage. Um, its called Grand Theft Auto, why cant I commit the crime the game is named after just because of the value of the car in question? Then, theres how the game punishes your actions by judging your mental state which would be fine if it didnt treat player kills and npc kills as the same. Yes, the game will label you a psycopath if youre gunning down NPCs who are shooting at you or passive NPCs that youre just mowing down and/or if youre killing players letf and right or even if youre just trying to defend youreself from another psycopath! To GTA Online it doesnt matter, which IS a problem. Of course they do offer free dlc every so often and the updates that add new missions are...lackluster at best. They usually involve bad writing and no variety as to how you as a player can approach them which, considering how much variety there should be in a game like this is laughable. Some missions are built up as taking a stealth approach but no matter what you do you get caught, so whats even the point of trying to be stealthy? That is, assuming youre doing this with friends like I did. God help you if you want to try doing this with randoms. They dont just add new missions though, they also offer new vehicles and properties to buy, that is, assuming youre willing to shell out hundreds of real life dollars on their shark cards because lets face it, theres no way that you could earn that much money grinding it through missions and it still be worth it. Ive lost more money trying to grind because of the way the game incentivises other players to ruin your multimillion dollar investments just for a few RP points. All in all, the multiplayer is an unbalanced mess that wants players to buy into their microtransations scam.Great, thats mutliplayer out of the way. Now that we know its garbage lets try out a few mods...and as Im sure youve heard by now, Take Two Interactive sent a Cease and Desist to OpenIV which is a very prevalent modding tool, Ive not really seen any mods that DONT use it to be honest. Ill say that while its not exactly unexpected that they would do this it was far from a good move on their part. From the start of the pc port they said that they would not support nor condone modding, however they wouldnt do anything to stop it so long as players kept it in single player think content mods or graphical changes they would be fine, heck rockstar even said they liked a few of the mods. Jump to recent news and apparently even that is a nono according to Take Two Interactive because using mods disracts players from our shark cards, how else are we supposed to gouge players for money if theyre not playing our terrible multiplayer?Lastly, Id like to say how bad their support agents are. For instance, I was in a lobby where a player was clearly hacking. After I reported him my game slowed to a crawl and then crashed. When I tried to log back in the game it told me I was banned for hacking. I tried to contact support about having a technical issue because my game orginally started running very poorly before crashing. Even with my system specs IN HAND the rep asked if my pc could even run the game! Dude, of course I can play the game, at this point I already had like 200 hours in steam and they make you give them system info in the initial contact. Whats the point of giving you my system info if youre going to completely ignore it?! Then after finding out that I was banned by an automated system the rep forwarded me to an automated email reply that simply said I had to wait out the 2 month banning period.TLDR This game couldve been more fun if the executives were more open to the community and willing to focus more on balance instead of money. Only buy it for the vanilla story mode, NOTHING ELSE.Edit speling and gramr