Ok, so. Lets break this down. In essence the game is really well done. Its beautiful and it does a very good job of displaying a parody of californial life....Then you go online. And for a bit everything seems okay, Then you start to realize just how much of an effort R puts into making sure you absolutely CANNOT make decent money without buying their sharkcards. From NPC Civilians deliberately trying to crash into you while youre sourcing or delivering vehicles, to the lack of regulation for the difficulty of your buisiness jobs I.E. A solo C.E.O Sourcing a car that will be hunted by helicoptors with no chance of a solid defense. The online portion of the game is a wasteland of bad choices and deliberate measures put into place to make it as trivial as humanly possible to make money, And that would be fine, if rockstar actually looked like they cared about the overall status of its online play. And maybe they do on other consoles but it does seem like the PC players are getting shafted by more modders, less fun, and a complete silence form the company that keep in mind, has no problem taking as much money as possible from the fanbase while releasing little to no TRUE content to the game. Single player DLC was shut down long ago and doesnt look like it will ever be a thing And while originally there was some decent content poured into the online play with DLC such as the heist DLC. Recently theres little to no REAL content being put in. And it can be argued that the bunker was put in, but is it really that content or is it reskinning buisinesss like the cocaine lockup? I stand by the latter. And while it is understandable that the company is looking forward to their new games, the lack of creative inspiration and overall fleecing of the fanbase. GTA V is not sitting in a very pretty spot. Which sucks because GTA has been a mainstay of my entire life. I cant stand by these practices. But thats my opinion. I hope that in the future Rockstar takes the time to look back at the behemoth they created and give it some more love. But as it stands the game no longer deserves to be sold under a 60 pricetag. The online play is a mess and quite aggravating. If youre looking for an amazing single player story, go ahead pick it up. The story is well worth experiencing for yourself if you havent. But since its 2017 and most people already know the story of T,F, and M. The lack of any meaningful singleplayer DLC should be a huge turning away point. And if youre looking for fun meaningful online gameplay with your friends and others, just keep moving this game will only hurt you. 