Breathing In The Life of San AndreasSome games are picked up, played by a gamer, and then they are laid down left to dust. Other games are picked up, admired by the audience from the trailers, and like a good episode of Game of Thrones, the audience will automatically know that this will be the one. Or in GTA Vs case, the Big One. As you play the game, you cant help but notice the small, minute details that Rockstar puts in the cariacture to present San Andreas as it is an actual real, breathing place. This is the first game which really showcased that. Sure, there was Sim City but that was a city simulation game. This is an open world game, and while you may argue that Skyrim or Fallout New Vegas were good games, which I admit they are, this game is the first one that started to blur a scripted game to reality.You can see it in the AI. Take for example the cars that people drive down the roads of Blaine County  Los Santos. Each one is wearing some different each one drives a different car depending on the area where they live in each one has a seperate gender  race which doesnt make it feel like its an illusion of generated cars  vehicles that are set to spawn in certain locations as you drive by which applies to most vehicles that naturally spawn. Then, theres the fact that they always seem to be there, never popping in like God himself placed the car with the people in there.One of the other areas you can see it in the game is the interactions between the characters. Take the characteristics of Michael for example. He has a surely defined storyline within the games main storyline itself. All the characters in this game seem to work together in harmony, minus that French yogi  that accursed tennis coach! The small viligant villans will try to ruin your character, while the rich will as well. The good thing is you will always have a little help from my friends which is a real good thing! One of the other things that you wont ever forget is how much depth that goes within the storyline and the famous quotes that come from the game. Overall, its a splendid singleplayer experience.Then theres the multiplayer which is always evolving and changing. Theres a variety of different tasks for you to take on whether its managing your Motorcycle Club or partying on the Yatch having fun with the ladies. Whatever your most innerheart desires are, just remember one thing from this review DO and I repeat DO NOT let the money rain on you! Report it as fast as you can and you will be saved from spending another 60 dollars plus the Shark Cards you buy.One last thing Fire rockets at Michaels house. He will really appreciate it. Personally he should upgrade to the crib that Franklin owns OR BETTER YET, buy a trailer out in the Grand Senora Desert! Trevor will really appreciate being neighbors with you. You can deal drugs like its hasta manana! 