Was ok, entertaining singleplayer experience. Couldnt stand online loading times on the console, and thought PC would be better, and it marginally is.HOWEVER, the online gets taken over by hackers constantly because Rockstar doesnt use main a main hosting server, therefore the hacking wont go away without some significant code changes from Rockstar.This recent decision wasnt Rockstars as much as TakeTwos, likely because hackers are steeling their ingame money and without server side hosting, theres little they can do to stop them, short of just making modding illegal.As well, TakeTwos answer to the hacks is to make modding the game illegal, which obviously everyone but the chairmen of TakeTwo KNEW was a bad idea, by cutting off your must avid players.Making modding your game illegal is a pretty steep threat. There are many ways for you to protect your game, andoff your most avid playerbase by forcing them to play ONLY the version of the game you intended really sells yourself short for your players, the ones who care, to think up fun things that you havent or wont implement.I mean, look at PlayerUnknown Battlegrounds. Theres a game BASED on a mod, and is offering ONE type of gameplay, however, that developer basically took what everyone expected GTA Online to be, and is immensely successful with their janky game. ROCKSTAR SHOULD HAVE DONE THIS YEARS AGO. Shame on them and they deserve the negative feedback their receiving for prioritizing making a few extra bucks at the cost of making a FAIR game people enjoy playing.Again, its Rockstars or TakeTwos fault for the hacking because they do console side hosting. I dont expect them to fix this either, and maybe wont for the GTA VI either, not unless WE make sure they acknowledge the long term value of being able to limit hacks that comes inately with server side hosting.Oh, and if its because people are hacking ur cash, well, thats your fault too for making those purchasable items actually affect peoples gameplay, rather than being cosmetic in nature...also would have been avoidable with server side hosting... only would have cost you an extra 500k to develop, AT MOST, and last I checked GTA V sold 29M copies... Im SURE you could have afforded doing the job right than halfassing it.For the CEOs and Publishers, now you see? that fateful decision to not implement server side hosting forced the recent modding is illegal decision, because you wanted to save paying a couple of programmers and you knew the game would be successful enough. That may be true, but here you are, earning all sorts of negative PR because you had to save a few bucks 5 years ago, and I doubt you, just didnt have the funds after the success of GTA IV...TLDR Be wary of developers that offer online multiplayer without server side hosting as hacking is practically unavoidable, and most gamers and developers KNOW THIS, but at the end of the day, if the boss says no, then the only people who can change their mind is...THEIR CUSTOMERS!The Publisher, TakeTwo, is more at fault here than Rockstar.Unfortunately voting with your dollar also hurts Rockstar more than TakeTwo...SoVOICE YOUR DISPLEASURE!... and consider not buying the next one if nothing changed. 