Well, this is one that has been on my radar since I first picked it up for my PS3, and it struck a powerful chord with me. From the story, to the characters, to everything. Id reccomend it to anyone getting into the GTA Scene.I will be giving my honest thoughts on both the SinglePlayer and Multiplayer Stories, Characters, Vehical controls, Heists, and Gun Play, Lets get started!I first picked this up in the year of 2014, the same year I got my PS3, I wasnt expecting much in this game since I previously saw GTA4, Vice City, and San Andreas as glitchy, bug filled messes with an odd fanbase backing it. When I first plugged in and turned on my PS3 with the copy of GTA V in it, as I said, I wasnt expecting much, then I saw how much Rockstar had put forth an effort in the first mission alone, Robbing a bank in North Yankton/ Possibly our Canada. After a botched getaway, Two of the three heisters are shot and presumably killed, sending the third one into a blood rage, slaughtering any cop in the area. After the shootout, the third heister runs out of rounds and books it out of there. cut forward nine years, and our supposed dead second heister, Michael Desanta,is now living in Sunny LS. We run into our second Character, Franklin Clinton, an ex gangster out doing a repo job with his Homie Lamar Davis/ LD/ Long The repo job goes off without a hitch and the cars are returned to Franklins and Lamars boss, Simeon, a person who sells cars at insanely high prices, and takes them back by having either Franklin or Lamar steal it back, sometimes both. A few more Repo jobs later and we find ourselves out of a job because Michael Desanta made us smash the SUV into the shop, destroying the window and damaging the store significantly. Just from the first hour alone I was hooked, My first playthrough, I took two to three days to complete everything I could. Story 10/10From the high class criminal of Michael, to the ex Gangster of Franklin, to a third familiar coked up psycho, none of the main cast feels cardboard or cheap. The same could be said about the side characters, from the stoner Tonya, to the FIB agent Dave Norton, or magee Steve Haines, even to face Billionare Devin Weston, none of them feel two dimentional, they feel like they could actually exist in the real world. Characters 10/10Playing on both console and PC for GTA V, I can safely say that the PC controls are much more acurate, Trying to fly a heli or plane with a controller is next to impossible. The vehicals feel like they actually have weight and force behind them, even in multiplayer, but ill get to that later. Vehicals 9/10The heists in the GTA V storyline are the most fun you can have in any story, from robbing a jewlery store in the rich Portion of LS, to A bank job in the boonies, to the biggest bank in Los Santos. The heists can show you how quicklycan hit the fan and make the plans you made obsolete, making the characters improvise as best they can. In my personal Opinion, the Boonies heist, when I first executed it, turned me into a blood hungry psychopath in thick body armor, carrying a chaingun/minigun. THANK GOD FOR AMERICA! AND THANK GOD FOR GTA! Heists 10/10I have nothing bad to say about it, the Gun Play is top notch, in the Story mode you lock onto enemies and gun them down with whatever you have in your hands at the moment. Though one gripe I have with the weapon wheel, you have to scroll through so much before you get the weapon you want. Gun Play 8/10For the story in GTA Online, you start out with character customization, from your looks to your perks. Then, you fly to Los Santos, if you spawn as a girl, Lamar is at the airport with a rose, which you throw away. He lets you into his POS car and gives you the starting pistol with very few bullets, only three spare clips,move buddy. After you do the job for Lamar, you race him. Either you win or lose, he comes back and says that Simeon will call him, and speeds off. Thus ends your first day in LS. The story is all out there in GTA Online, and I love it. Story 10/10Sadly Mike  Franklin dont make a reappearance in GTA Online, but a familiar hacker does make an appreance, along with our coked out friend. And That is just talking about the main Characters, there are others within the game that I either loath or love, one or the other. Characters 10/10The Vehical controls in GTA Online feels smooth and fast, it controls very well, until some ed player shoots out your tires and guns you down, FOR GODS SAKE!  OFF! Vehical Controls 6/10The heists in GTA online are good, but you have to deal with Randos coming in and randomly dropping, unless you have friends who play the game as much as you do, which I do not. Heists 6/10The Gun Play seems the same as the singleplayer, but you haveplayers that gun you down for no reason, and KD Warriors that kill themselves because they dont want a player to ruin their KD. Hackers that run amok killing players getting work done. 5/10Full score 74/100, Grade B, A good game for singleplayer, but multiplayer needs some tweeks and some work.