God this game is beautiful.Ive always been a fan of the Grand Theft Auto series because you have always been to do basically anything you want. I love freedom in games and I love the ability to mess around for hours on end even more.The graphics here are extraordinarily nice to look at. One of my favourite games to take cool screenshots in.The attention to detail in this game is also incredible. Did you know that there are just under 160,000 lines of dialogue recorded for the NPCs you pass in the streets? I found that out recently and was amazed. You can spend plenty of time just listening to those idiots say the weirdest and honestly its hilarious. For me, its the small things like that that really make an open world game great. I love the odd things you can do around Los Santos, too. Im talking about being able to do Taxi fares, play golf, do a triathlon etc.The story mode is fantastic, Ive never played it all the way through myself but I know how it ends and Ive seen most missions played through Youtube, Twitch etc. Its very well put together and the mixture of 3 characters, all with differing personalities really keeps the game interesting. Sometimes, I like playing as Franklin, who I think is the most sane character of the 3, and other times I feel like playing as psychotic Trevor. Great variety.GTA Online is debatable. Its a grind fest. Many, many people dislike it because of hackers and microtransactions and the grindiness of it, which is perfectly understandable. But, unless you plan on spending all of your time in the game online, I would say it doesnt make too much of a difference. Yes, there are plenty of hackers and the shark cards are a pain, but the single player at least for me completely makes up for it. However, this is very opinion based. Fair warning though, in most cases, the online community is terrible. You will find the occasional player who seems cool but for the most part people will just get on your nerves. This is unfortunate but personally I can deal with that, however it may differ depending on what you plan on doing in the game.I have around 150 hours at the time of writing this, and the game still feels as fun to me as the day I first played it on my Xbox One some time in early 2015. There are countless things to do, which is what makes this one of my favourite games of all time.Basically, the single player portion of this beautiful game is fantastic. The little details make it complete. The online portion is pretty average, and may be something that changes your mind when deciding whether or not to buy the game. However, I fully recommend it, and would say that there is enough to do in this game to spend at least 100 hours on it before getting bored.I recommend this game, but would be cautious if you only want it for multiplayer. Thank you for reading. 