I used to love this game when it first came out back in 2013. GTA online was great back then, where DLC items were either free or relatively inexpensive. The singleplayer was however my favourite part. It has a fantastic story line which i enjoyed every minute of. However, Rockstar and TakeTwo seem to have just shrugged off the singleplayer all together. All of the DLC is just added to GTA online and not the story mode. Also, the cost of some of the in game items that are part of these later DLCs are extortionate and ridiculous. if you want a quad bike that can also be a jet ski, thatll be 3 million gta dollars please. Excuse me? To earn that amount of money in GTA online will take a huge amount of time and effort, or you have to take the short cut and opt for the Rockstart / TakeTwo cash machine, Shark Cards. The shark card for around 3 million dollars costs 32 of my own real money! That is almost the cost of the game itself! And it will only get me one or possibly two of the better vehicles / items from the DLC. Its absolutely absurd! The only way to use these items for me was through singleplayer, through the use of mods! And this brings me onto the main reason why this is a negative reveiw.TakeTwo has now basically declared modding illegal and have disabled possibly the greatest and most necassary modding tool of them all, OpenIV. So now I cant enjoy the DLC vehicles in singleplayer, I either have to grind the hell out of the GTA online to scrape together enough money, or opt for giving TakeTwo / Rockstar more money, which they dont deserve, through shark cards. TakeTwo / Rockstar dont care about the community of the game at all, all they want to do is make more and more money through the game by releasing bigger and better DLCs where you need incredible amounts of money to own all of the new items.TakeTwos choice to stop mods all together has completely ruined the game and entire franchise for me and I am never laying my hands on this car crash of a game for the rest of my gaming days. Thanks for ruining the game TakeTwo, I dont think you could have made a worse decision if you had tried.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.