First things first, there are a ton of people complaining about mods being banned. It stinks for singleplayer yes but multiplayer modders and hackers have been stopped in their tracks. I havent encountered a single hacker so far. Griefers and idiots? Yes. But no cheating.Both are just beautiful. One of the most satisfying things is looking out the windows or taking a plane/helicopter into the sky and seeing how vast and detailed the map is.I first played GTA V on 360 and loved the campaign. The introduction is one of the best in my opinion. Each character is unique and has their own style and personality and vehicle and the voice actors did very well. I absolutely love the ability to seemlessly switch between the 3 characters and love that whoever you switch to is still doing something when you get back to them. The first person mode is a really cool experience and playing activities like golf and tennis is a nice touch. Being able to choose between a soft top and going convertable is also a really nice feature. Story progression is great and you feel sad when it ends. I cared about all 3 characters from the moment they were introduced.While its disappointing that singleplayer DLC is lacking it is most definitely made up for the content in GTA Online. You can do most of what you can do in singleplayer plus much more. Rob stores, make and collect bounties, buy high end apartments as well as cars and motorcycles, play tennis, play golf, arm wrestle, do heists and special Trackmania inspired tracks with supercars.....I could go on. The most notable feature is definitely the bunker. Save up a little over a mil, buy that and you have yourself your very own company to work on. Hire others to help expand your business. You cant get an experience like this an any other online setting. Plus, you get to see the characters from the singleplayer experience. The only downsides are the connection issues and really long loading times.Worth every penny. Just dont buy shark cards! Its much more fun earning your way up and you will regret those purchases. Definitely a must buy.