For all the Story mode of GTA 5 has to offer, with its amazing enviornment, characters, plot and what have you, it does not last forever. Leading you into GTA 5 online.First lets answer a question that many who may not have played this might be asking.Is GTA 5 worth the price for its story mode?The answer without spoilers absolutely.Is GTA 5 worth the price for its online mode?To answer THAT question, lets take a look at thirteen and a half year old me on GTA 5 launch day.I had gotten the game for the 360 back when I was twelve, and boy did I love it. Now take GTA 5 and put it in a different perspective, you with lots of other players, ruleing the world and nothing to stop you. GTA 5 online sounded like a dream come true.Then it hit.The day came.My thirteen year old self couldnt belive it.Now im seventeen.What changed?FREEMODEGTA 5 online may not have been perfect at first but it certainly was fun to run around shooting guns in an open world sandbox with others. But after 5 hours of initial playthrough the feeling dies down and doesnt really stay. Suddenly freemode becomes less of a freemode and more of a please  all my  up mode as merely coming across others who come across you spells doom even if they are under your level as they will proceed to follow you halfway across the map until you crash, followed by a sticky bomb to your uninsured car.In short freemode consists of screeching twelve year olds who sceam at you if you dont want to do a heist with them, or the neckbeard gamer from south park who is using mods to blow up everyone then spawn them in the same area to watch chaos ensue.HOUSEING AND AUTOMOBILESWhat could go wrong with buying a house and car? EVERYTHING.can you buy them? yes.how?rockstar FOR THE LOW PRICE OF 100 YOU TO CAN GET 8.000.000 IN GAME SHARK CARD DOLLARSno I meant without microtransactions.rockstar Ohyoure one of THOSE people, go sit in the missions lobby and we will eventually serve you with a house and car.3 hours later waiting for a mission without brainlets to loadrockstar CONGRATULATIONS, YOU JUST WON 50.000 IN GAME DOLLARS WITH THE MISSION SYSTEMHey, rockstar, is this the only other way to get in game cash?rockstar, yes why?MISSION AND HEIST SYSTEMThe mission system is broken.I dont care what you have to say, it just is.Apart from the ungodly amount of times it takes for a lobby to fill, provided that impaitient people dont leave first,I cant blame them then you will be given a mission or heist that is either filled with people who are unfairly better than you, or people who are unfairly worse than you. meaning it will either be you fault or someone elses fault for inevitably screwing up a mission. And no mission takes place where someone doesnt get  for playing poorly, even if they were trying their best. On the off chance that the lives counter wasnt expended before the mission ended or players left, you will be given a payout of roughly 40.000 in game dollars a mission. Which when I put that into my calculator, translates to the equivalence of 50 cents of real world currency put into the game, for 23 hours of waiting for a mission where no one screwed up.What if you have friends who are good?HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAAHHAAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHA OH GOD HHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHSWEET JESUS HAHAHAAHAAHAAHAHHOHOHOHOHOHOHHOHOHOHOOHOHOHOHOHAAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHheh hehhehdont say that again.IN REVIEW GTA 5 is a game where everyone is a hostile brainlet towards each other for not doing what they wanted you or someone else to do. The mission system has been intentionaly left the way if is so rockstar can get money out of mommy and daddys creddit card to pay for in game shark cards to get every in game item without wasting away in front of the mission screen. Any of the modders who try to break these rules because they have been left with a game that demands more money than a divorced wife are penalized and banned as a result. In the end, everyone you encounter is in some way guilty for something. The players, the modders, the devs themselfs, you. You are commiting a crime against yourself for playing GTA 5 online. You are only wasting your time and potential money by participating in this crime against humanity.Is Doomsday good?From the setup and heist missions I did play through others, yes it does successfully integrate story in the online mode as well as new content to enjoy.If you have the in game money to buy it.To end this review let me give you a post made by Reddit user Whitemilk.I did this some time ago and Im not sure how accurate it is since some of it is based on estimatesAll vehicles with original prices Legendary, SSASA, Docktease, Warstock, ElitaYacht 10milCEO 20mil most expensive office and 5 warehousesMC 1,85mil clubhouse, most expensive businesses6mil on properties2mil on clothesI used flat estimates for Yacht, CEO, properties and clothes GTA 177,416,814 / 8,000,000 Sharkcard  22,1771  74,951662,17For ameriplayers 1662,17 equals 2035.39 US Dollars.This was also done before the Gunrunning and Doomsday update so its even more now.For the love of god, dont be thirteen year old me and play the eldrich horror that is GTA 5 online.