Rockstar has turned one of the most fun multiplayer games of all time into one of the most shameful, scummy and anticonsumer cash grab of a game I have ever seen a company charge 60 dollars for. With every new free DLC that comes out, Rockstar adds more ways for people who give them money to grief other players. They make everything they add ludicrously over priced, and dont add better ways to make money. Much like in many free to play games, what Rockstar has done is make it extremely difficult to make enough money to purchase any of the new content, forcing the average player to pay real money for Shark Cards. Heres an example lets say you want to buy the flying rocket bike they added as part of the Gunrunning DLC. First you must purchase a Bunker  These range from 1.52.5 million, and you really dont want to have to drive across the map to access the bunker so you pretty much have to spend around 2 million. Then you have to buy a Mobile Operations Center with the vehicle workshop upgrade 2.7 mil. after buying that you can finally purchase the Rocket Bike for 3.5 mil. Thats not all though, if you want to unlock the full potential of the Rocket Bike you need to do bunker research. To research one ranom item, you either can wait 3 ingame hours for it to finish OR you can pay 200k. Assuming you dont want to wait potentially hundreds of hours on your research team to start researching the correct project, you will need to pay a few extra million to unlock the rockets upgrade for the rocket bike. Did all of that? well congrats, you now own the fastest garageable vehicle in the game that is nearly impossible to hit, has rockets that home in on other players, and can be instantly summoned via MC abilities. To give a little perspective on all of this the current fastest way of making money in the game only gives around 450k every 5 ingame hours. What Rockstar really wants you to do is pay them 100 real life dollars to buy an 8 mil Shark Card. This game is still very fun to play, but if you dont already own it, dont buy it,  Its not worth your time and effort. 