This is a good game, this is a great game. Technically enginewise, visually, sound designwise, artistically, satirically  it is a remarkable achievement in gamemaking. The world, the attention to detail, the possibilites  the everything, man, the everything!But, and thats a butAF, its a game designed about screwing. Publishers screwing you, you screwing the game, you screwing others, others screwing you. Its one big screw festYoure playing online and you screw the game by doing one of the notreallymagic tricks just so you can play alone in a lobby and make an easy profit. Why would you do that?Because you dont want other players to screw with the time you invested when youre ready to make a profit in the game, everyone gets alerted and the game explicitly tells them to come and screw you. And for what? Peanuts! Thats right, the guy that screwed you over? He didnt get no nothing out of it. He got screwed!Screw you, players, said the designers of the game  I am of the firm conviction that thats exactly how it went. It went down something like this lets make a game thats so good, and yet so bad, that itll go down in history as the ultimate screw you, suckers! And so they did.Why fork over money for dedicated servers you dont screw investors like that, do you?, when you can do your network architecture on P2P? Thats right, screw the players wholl have to deal with screwy network issues in fact, the same ones which allowed you to screw the game design in the first place, giving you solo public lobbies, modders taking advantage of the fact that theres no server authority to mitigate hacking  just screwapalooza as usual!But hey, we aint done yet, dolly. You seen the prices for them Shark Cards? Well, the names should tell you all you need to know, if you aint theres Red Shark, theres Tiger Shark, theres Bull Shark... okay, that dont tell you squat. How about Whale Shark for 38 dolla? That rite, you a whale now, playa. And theys doin the whalin, boy. So how bout that Megalodon Shark for 75 dolla? And heres where you get screwed  you know what those two fat boys get ya? 3.5 M and 8 M ingame dolla, respectively.Maybe when the game came out and the real expensive toys cost like 1.5 M, that was kinda acceptable value. But screw you, playa, the infaltions real. Nowadays? Congratulations, you just payed 38 dolla for a single vehicle ingame the freshely released Hunta choppa  and you do wanna get to dat choppa, doncha?. What that you say? That aint enough money to make that bad boi flyable? Well, I guess you better fork over them 75 dolla, mah homie! But screw you, that might still not be enough, if you consider all the costs of facilities you have to buy, hahah!And yall gettin bent out of shape cuz lootboxes? , please, R been screwin for years now!Screw them, you say! Ill work legit and make that dolla! Screw you, they say  put on you grind shoes, cause youll be agrindin, like nobodys business! Thats rite  after you put in the initial grind and get your money making schemes in working order, youll be making awhoopin 400 K an hour. That a best case scenario, homie, cuz you know theres someone, or something there ready to screw you.You drivin that car you just spent the last 12 minutes lifting off a barge on the sea with a freaking transport choppa, you drivin and sellin. Screw you! shouts the AI, which is setup to drive erratically around you to try and make you damage the car. Screw them! You cool, you got this, you aint phased. Screw you! Theres a Hydra griefer thats acomin and he gonna boomnzoom yasetting you back the 20 K you forked over to set up the deal. Screw him! Youre just playin in solo public lobby afterall! Screw you! Thems AI got cyborgaimlike freaks who gonna try and screw your profit margins! Screw them, you just get out and shoot em dead good. Or maybe you just lift the car with a choppa.Youre just about pushin a transport of dope, just one last supply run and youll be ready to sell. Thats a lot of time and/or money you invested like  two times 75k worth of resupplies, or the huge time spent acquiring those. But youre on the ball, you gonna push the dope like youre Demolition Man hacking public terminals. Well, screw you. You forgot to disband your Motorcycle Club at the right time and you leave your business and cops spawn around you and kill you. Guess what? All your product and all your supplies just got confiscated! You screwed boy!Screw this, you say. You check out them modding menus and give yourself billions of ingame dolla. Now you top dog, you screwin left and right. You got them toys, you got them aimsk337z, yous K/Ds arisin. Screw you? Nah, screw antihacking systems. Maybe youll get a ban, but heck, your ahole can take it. Its not like this game aint screwed you before. 