So, Grand Theft Auto V, this is my third time buying this game. I enjoy this game for the most part, Ive put about 700800 across 3 platforms, however over the past year or so its gone downhill rapidly. I think it all started around the time the original heist update started. The Kuruma was released along with a bulletproof variant that costs a lot and was fairly OP at its time. They kept adding more and more OP vehicles and weapons. Now its pretty much who has the deepest wallets, not who is the most skilled. There doesnt go a session where Im not killed by someone in an armored vehicle or some other stupidly fast vehicle. Even on my other character that I couldnt transfer over because Rockstar removed that feature a few months back this happens. That one is level 166 or so yet I dont have any of the armored vehicles. The game is so grindy that at 80 or so hours played I can finally afford the most barebones office in the game. Everything is priced at around or over 500k and that takes about 45 hours using an office to get that amount. It could be done quicker with heists but not everyone has 3 friends on all the time and random people are hit and miss. Everything is kinda behind a paywall. I didnt pay full price for the game, I got it during a steam sale and Im glad I did. I dont want to give Rockstar more money than I have to Again, Ive bought the game 3 times because of this paywall. I remember when the newest supercars costs about 500750k, not double or tripple that. And the newest sports cars costs 100300k, not 45x that price. The old pricing was reasonable, now everything is at least 1m for the really good stuff. And the only things that make a lot of money are heists nowadays. The missions that were in the base game make at most 20k each, races make about 10k. So you really have to grind this game. So dont buy it? No, I say buy it, but keep this in mind. There is a lot of fun to be had, espacially with friends. Thats what the online was made for, having fun. However being turned into a paste by an orbital cannon doesnt sound like fun does it. I also didnt talk about the single player much. Its the single player, its fun. Ive played through it twice and its good. However no updates have left it pretty stale. So yeah, get it, just keep in mind its fairly grindy to get anywhere. 