Underwhelmed. Thats how I feel playing the game. Lets not talk about the occasional loading glitches although they have costed some success, the checkpoints are mostly generous. I am underwhelmed by the gameplay AND storytelling.First and foremost, the writing is excellent. Characters are fleshed out fantastically and while I wouldnt like being friends with anyone of them criminal maniacs arent my social circle, watching a movie about them would be amazing. Speaking of, the game is more of a movie than a game.The gameplay is scripted. Heavily scripted. I dont have to listen to anything in the cutscenes as mission markers handold me through every single step. The game even selects weapons for me. The game makes sure I dont fall behind the target Im chasing, the game makes sure I cant shoot the driver because in this mission, my guns disabled or the driver simply isnt a hit box, the game goes so far as to control the steering and brakes of my bike to make sure I dont miss that important moment. Its too cinematic, the missions are scripted heavily, it doesnt feel like Im playing a coherent game but just a series of scenes with different rules attached to each other via cutscenes. Some of the cutscenes are interactive. Way too often, the game has way too much padding in form of driving from A to B with another character in my car or on the phone. The dialogs are great, I give Rockstar that, but theyre too long, too much. Thats just busywork. Boring gameplay, stretched, to make room for more writing. Way too much fluff and not enough filler. But the fluff is great, isnt it?Well, no. The characters are excellent, the story not so much. While there is sort of an encompassing story arch, there are many nonsequitur missions. Meaning that stuff just happens. Way too often, STORY missions I wouldnt bat an eye about this in side missions start with a random You go there, another character just happens to drop by and the mission starts. No connection with what I, the player, just did. Or did previously. That Random things happen randomly around the protagonists would work great in a movie. A video game is interactive however, I, the player, want the story proggress to be a result of my previous actions. This nonsequitur writing diminishes the players achievement by implying Whatever you just did, the next step in the story sort of would have happened anyway. Well, of course not, the scripts says so.Too much scripting, too obvious breaking of game rules for the sake of the script, too much script alltogether. I wouldnt have bought this game had I known that the open part of open world is just windowdressing. Ive never been to an AmmuNation except once because the missions outfit me with everything. Again, scripts.Ah yeah, there are the side activities, sure. Too bad they arent overall enjoyable. Tennis  golf were way more fun on the Wii, paragliding was more fun in Saints Row, meeting the occasional freak ranges from fun, but again too much padding to fit dialog in to forced. Why should I go hunt for mortgage signs from my freaks competitor? Ah right, its a video game with video gamey open world activities scattered over the place to give completionists a couple things more to do.The online part is grinding at its best. Heists are fun, most of everything else isnt as its just busywork with the progress being the one and only reward. Hey, I have all my perks maxed out in Killing Floor 2, yet I play the game regularly. Why? Because the gameplays amazing. Not so much in GTA Online.All in all, not a bad game, but I expected more from whats supposed to be among the best games of the recent years.