When is Rockstar going to figure out that GTA V Online is nearly unplayable?I guess the thing that frustrates me the most is that its a really great game. It has so many cool features and game modes, the graphics are amazing, the racing is nuts, and it runs so darn well on my computer in every way except the user interface. Anyway, I just picked it back up the last couple of days, and now I remember why I stopped playing it.It has by far the worst menu system, and server queuing system of any game I have played, ever. Ghost Bears Legacy on my 56k modem was a dream to get going compared to this nonsense. It makes it so you arent even playing most of the time, but waiting for load times, and extremely slow turnover on racing and challenges. Its like this for 5 years, and my computer today is about 4 times as fast as the computer I was using when I first purchased GTA V, with no appreciable decrease in load time.To even start the game with friends, one would logically click GTA V Online, which takes about 25 minutes to get going. Then it takes you to some random open world server, regardless of what your friends are doing or anything. So you have to then join on your friends, which could be anywhere from 30 seconds to 5 minutes. Finally were all in a server together after at least 230, and up to 10 minutes. ANY other game in my catalog is no more than 1 minute, but whatever, its only 5 years old.Now once youve waded up 12K miles of clogged Internet, theres FOUR completely disparate menu systems to make sense of. Hit escape, thats a menu. Hit home, thats a menu. Hit the up arrow, you better believe thats another menu. And just when you thought, surely no, he was exaggerating like the maniac he obviously is, you guessed it! Just try that M key over there. ANOTHER MENU!Once we get that sorted, we can actually look for the actual game were going to play. Can we pull up a server list? Nope! Use your cell phone, and its still frequently disfunctional automatchmaking system, leaving some friend dropped, so your friend isnt going to be put in the same server as you, so you want to cancel the search, but theres no cancel anywhere to be seen, so you and three friends wind up in a full server, and we all have to quit back to the open world to start all over, which takes another 30 seconds to 5 minutes.Did you get dropped because you were waiting for your friends to get loaded for 10 straight minutes? No problem! Lets just rejoin a completely random server instead of the server you were in with your friends 10 seconds ago.Theres plenty of other examples, but the point being that all of this results in only getting to play the game like 60 of the time youre spending in front of the screen. 70 if things are going really well, and 20 if things just keep glitching over and over.I get it, the cell phone seemed like a cool idea, but having to join an open world twice before even getting to pick a game mode is silly. I should be able to click GTA Online and within 2 minutes be playing with my friends. I would play so darn much GTA V if that were so, but Im going to have to give up on it to play games like Counter Strike and Rocket League, both of which are loaded with all four buddies in a fraction of the time, and were actually playing like 95 of the time.