Never before has there been a more storied example of Games Publisher vs. Game Developer than the Grand Theft Auto franchise. Rockstar games has put out several middling to excellent installments in its 20 year history churning out these open world sandbox story driven criminalbased games, and GTA V is about a 7 out of 10 by comparison to all of the other GTA games. Gone is physicsbased water, enemy stagger, movie theater sound effects, and a compelling, thrilling narrative throughout, as was the case in GTA IV. In its place is a larger map. More vehicles. Compelling online play. And a new story gimmick called Heists. Which give the player multiple options, crews, and equipment loadouts to try and take some of the most sought after scores in San Andreas.Graphics GTA was one of the most visually stunning games to look at of its time...and yet its detailed graphics menu allowed players to play on last gen computers as well. Now, the engine and the objects are starting to show their age. Polygonal hard edges, distant traffic standins which cant be adjusted, foliage popin, and ugly online player models are the seams in this games visual cloth. These problems are not the only graphical ones, but none of them are significant enough to ruin the experience by itself.Gameplay Mileage always varies in GTA. When choosing what you want to do in this game, youre always going to seem like you have a number of different options, both in online and offline modes.The story is long and touches a lot on GTAs lorebase a number of memorable times. But when those strings of narrative are woven together to make a cloth, the result is pretty mediocre. By contrast, in GTA IV, and even the games 2 excellent expansions, we saw characters grow and develop over the course of the story, changing their views and stances on certain issues. Nico Bellic, who starts out as a cagey, quiet, soldier, despite numerous transgressions and setbacks, finds it in himself to trust those he loves and makes a new home for himself in Liberty City. This kind of development doesnt happen in GTA Vs story mode. Thats pretty disappointing. The characters at the end, are the same sarcastic, gun toting badasses that they are at the beginning. Nothing really changes of importance.Car handling is different. GTA IVs cars were floaty and drifty. Even the most hardcore supers had flex in the suspension when you showed them quick turns in rapid succession. In V, all of that has been dumbed down a little. Cars are twitchy and responsive. Some have so much grip that they will not bite back unless youre driving around with your right trigger pressed full down at all times. Not all cars are set up with such leeways, but especially in the next gen versions, driving is a bit of a cakewalk.Shooting is VERY different. Every time I return to GTA IV, Im floored by how simplistic its shooting system is. Weapons cant be modified, and the cover system gets confused very easily. In V it seems they cracked it. Not only is there a 1st person element to shooting which has you looking down the sights of your weapon, but the accuracy of all firearms has been ramped substantially. Unfortunately, enemy AI still seems especially weak, with Rockstar doing more of its Quantity over quality approach to enemy design. Not once did the AI succeed in tricking me, or scaring me to the point where I had to rethink my strategy. Despite a few times with the cover not locking on to the right object, its very serviceable. This reviewer would like to see nuances like lenient weapon condition, and windage at long range play a factor in future games. Sizeable improvements in AI are also urgently needed.Flying is well done. Especially in helicopters, but its clear Rockstar stuck with its guns and revamped the same chopper system from GTA IV, which was good. The aircraft have a good weight to them, and the momentum they carry feels realistic. Swimming/boats are well done. Probably the most underrated experience in GTA history if you ask me. At least since Vice City, the need for awesome pilotable boats has been certainly needed. The games only sailboat, however, cannot be sailed. Its motor only.Online/Expansions are where the game really starts to disappoint. Every one of the games DLC packs have been free, which is excellent, but whats not excellent, is theyve all been for online only, which indicate that Take Twos marketing strategy has triumphed over the gamers desire for more things to do in singleplayer. Online itself has its own independent heist system, which is like Payday Lite. The 5 heists have a decent narrative component in which you learn why it is youre doing what youre doing, and occasionally see parts of the story modes backstory. Unfortunately, the online lobbies are plagued with some of the worst flagrant examples of cheating and poor matchmaking that I have ever seen in a video game. I have, on multiple occasions, had all of my characters weapons and ammo drained from my inventory. On all occasions I reported the incident to Rockstar, but their policy on griefing is more of a confused shrug than a commitment to do anything about it. You can get killed in passive mode by god choppers. You can try to complete a daily objective for your business only to find out the VIP youre supposed to be defending got killed by a grenade teleported onto his head from a mile away. These are just some minor examples that Rockstar doesnt seem to have a handle on.Sound/Audio GTA Vs soundtrack is great, except for a few glaring omissions, like a lack of an electronic station. Worldwide FM, which is the closest thing is often a very confusing mix of tracks that seem like they were just thrown against a wall to see what sticks. Other sounds like those associated with driving and combat sound great. I wish that theyd done a few more engine samples though. Some of them are quite overused. I am so glad they finally decided to update the gunplay sound effects. Many of them from GTA IV were tedious. Especially that police pistol one. You know what I mean.Replay Value This ones tricky. Thats going to depend on what you want to do in this game. If youre flexible and want to do everything, theres no deeper game on the market for satisfying all of your chaotic sandbox desires. If you just want a driving game, there are some competitive racing crews out there, but the physics model is just a little too limited, and at times buggy, to represent a polished racer. Also, its automatic transmission only, which will rightly irk some racing game enthusiasts. If you want a shooter, there are a lot of compelling reasons to choose GTA V. First person and third person modes are both very satisfying to play with, and its versatile enough to support KB/M and controller setups. Still, its weak AI, and sometimes annoying bugs with cover mean you should be considering dedicated shooters as well before GTA V.Management/Direction Awful. Appalling. Ghastly. Dreadful. Worse than youre imagining right now. Take 2s ponderous approach to its marketing scheme has been recently underscored by its tonedeafness toward mods. Something that takes GTA Vs playability and improves upon whats already there. This is even more glaring because they have failed to fix the obvious problems with cheaters in online mode. Its pretty laughable, really. The only logical reason I can figure that they havent fixed the issue is that they cant be bothered, or dont care about the gaming community that they are responsible for. And that makes perfect sense as Take Two continues to ruin everything good about its games in steady slow succession.As it is right now, I cant recommend this for 59.99. Its probably worth about 9.99, given how large TTIs profit margin has been so far. If that. 