Story  10/10Online  6/10 patience and with friends recommendedOh boy, where should I start?Started playing this religiously in mid 2015 as a no life and Ive gotta say, its been a wild ride. In freemode its absolutely fun going around rampaging with friends and also trying out new vehicles such as cars, planes, boats, etc. Lots of cosmetic items to wear. There are 5 heists to be done along with many game modes such as races and missions to keep you busy for a while. All updates are free at a cost however.To counterbalance free updates, some buildings, cars, mods, etc. are just flat out expensive without the right ways to make money. Its the kind of online game you would grind the hell out of just to make good . To avoid making this long and boring Im including a list of constakes long to grind for money to get buildings that help you grindsome work in freemode is not enabled in invite only lobbiesexpensive asbrmany toxic players in chatin PvP situations some weapons/vehicles can be annoying to deal withreports barely workmany people in a lobby required to each vote to kick a disruptive playerloading time uncommon glitches will keep you waiting until you realize its taking a while to joinmodders/script kiddiesThese guys are uncommon as well, they tend to give us problems, some are patched and some arentPeople randomly blowing upPriest appearing on your back and if you try killing yourself to get rid of it the game would crashOne of the most awful ones was having money drained from your bank had a few good friends quit for this reasonThe power to remove insurance from your vehicles, if it blew up calling insurance was uselessStuttering people so theyre incapable of moving unless they spammed jumping it gives a funky animationPower to remove weapons and all ammo from them, sometimes it would simply be fixed by joining a new session, but then otherwise you would still have weapons with no ammo, or no weapons at allteleporting a bunch of players together just to kill them allrandomly setting people on fire or spawning a fire hydrant on them with water spewing out of them which caused you to flop over constantlyanother ugly one was having random clones of your character appear in masses around you thus crashing your gamederanking your charactermoney drops were fun, but they potentially made anyone so much as touching or grabbing bags prone to being bannedgodmodeexplosive bullets on weapons that are impossible to get explosive rounds on seeing people doing drive bys with an explosive pistol is ridiculousmany smaller mods that allowed them to just mess around with youSome of them did all this for fun and anyone who tries to sharptongue them or gave them a reason to bother them would soon find themselves a victim of such There are good modders who crashed those modders games, along with sometimes dropping money. Overall modders have been the main problem to Online until it became illegal to use mods recently. There are a few mod menus out there still lying around, many trying to be fixed.