Of my playtime, about 15 minutes is in single player enough to unlock multiplayer and the rest is online.  Consequently this review is a review of GTA Online.Im writing a review because Im saddened by how many negative reviews Ive just seen on a quick look at the store page.  I dont know whether these people are unlucky, wildly incompetent, incorigable exaggerators, or just crybabies, but hacking is not a serious problem and the grind is just the game and is not daunting, difficult, onerous or unpleasant.  You dont have to spend a penny more than the price of the game itself if you dont want to  its not a money sucking vaccuum as one reviewer has said.  All DLC is free.  Yes you have to put effort in to the game to get something out of it.  Like that should be a surprise to anyone.  Yes there are some buffoons who you will meet sometimes who will spoil your fun.  Its an online game, what do you expect?  Yes there are people who hack and exploit the game.  No, Rockstar are not ignoring this issue and regularly patch the game.  And the people who do this are for the most part completely benign.  The worst thing Ive ever encountered in my nearly 900 hours of online gameplay was someone blowing everyone up in a public lobby.  Just once.  Boom.  Wow wtf was that?!  The end.I love this game online, I would recommend it to anyone.  There are a million different things to do.  You can just duke about, you can make friends seriously there are a lot of ace people who play this game.  You can race cars / boats / planes / helicopters in many varied types of race, collect vehicles, collect houses, create costumes, unlock ridiculously high powered weapons, run or join a motorcycle club, play many different varieties of PVE missions, form a crew guild of players and friends, play many different varieties of PVP gamemodes, create your own races or PVE missions, make movies, produce and distribute drugs, steal and sell high end cars, rob banks, take part in varied freemode events, become an arms dealer, stockpile valuables and sell them for profit, take on large groups of gangsters, you can rampage around in tanks, military jets, APCs and attack helicopters.  You can troll the living daylights out of some incompetent noobs yes its an online sandbox game, or you can bite off more than you can chew and accidentally pick on someone who will stomp you flat yes its an online sandbox game ... Im probably forgetting a bunch of amusing stuff you can do, but seriously this is a very impressively varied game.You can play online solo.  You can play online with friends.  You can play online with your crew.  You can play online in public lobbies.  If youve got half a brain and arent a total waste of space you can make a huge load of money very quickly.The one and very much the only thing which I sympathise with in the negative reviews here are complaints about Rockstars customer support.  Its shoddy to say the least, and for all intents and purposes is non existent  its basically a smokescreen.  Its never been a serious problem for me or any of the many, many friends who I have both IRL and who I have made ingame who play online.I recommend GTA Online to you.  Its a beautiful game, and lots of fun with a mostly excellent community.