What can I say? Is GTAV a good game? No. Sadly it really isnt. I got it on XBox on release and after playing though the story and thinking back, all the characters are not believable, the physics are a step back from just a game before, and they take a beloved character from an older game and kill him off in the first 5 seconds with no explination. I mean off to a really bad start already..So there I was playing through the story and I hear about them making a version for the PC. Not a crappy port like GTA4 was but a real honest GTAV for PC. Since I never had enough interests in playing for Live I got my chance to experience online.. boy was that a mistake. Online at least in its current and forseeable form is just a lazy cobbled together excuse for micropayments. It is a grindfest of gringing to grind.. and for what? A car with the same stats as one you already have, just looks slightly different, and only 2 Million more than the one you already have. For what end you ask? Shark Cards. Buy in game money with real money.They even recently took the level gap and destroyed any chance for a new player to be able to do anything to older players. They were smart enough to keep the railgun out of multiplayer but now you can buy exploding 9mm bullets that 1 hit kill even cars. Way to take a step in the wrong direction there..So aside from that there are some things I like about it. Most people hate, and wish you could sell, the yachts, but I really like mine.. the down side is the lack of any decent customization.. I cant select the better helicopter on my more expensive yacht because it isnt a costimizable option.. well there is 20 mil down the drain..I think what really hits the hardest with online is the lack of keeping any promises. Before GTAV hit the PC or just as or whatever they released the heists update. This was chained missions that needed set ups and big heists with big booms and lots of action! Promises of updates months after to add new amazing heists and even a way to submit a player created one to be featured and added. That was over 2 years ago and still not even a touch up on the update.. Really, what does R do with the money they make? It is obvious they dont put it into making their players happy..So asking me if I would recommend this game or not is a simple answer,  no. When I got this on PC it was knowing that SAMP would be reborn somehow. It took a couple of years to even get started with all the flack and lawsuits coming from Take Two.. and now they are saying we cant mod our own game? We buy the rights to the code to do with what we please. We are not renting the code from you, and we are not standing around while you bully us. You want to EULA people out of your official online game mode, fine, it is garbage anyways, but you cant keep people from playing a game they way they want.TLDRFix almost everything, but is a really good game for a really bad one.Lets hope someone takes Take Two to the Supreme Court so we can be done with this buying a game isnt renting it from the devs BS. We will all thank Take Two for ending this stupid debate once and for all. 