Grand Theft Auto, is by far, the WORST thing I have ever seen in the whole ing game. No, not Story mode, no no, not that. ONLINE. Online is one of the worst money traps I have ever bothered indulging in my whole life. You can spend hours, hours, HOURS AND HOURS PLAYING, and you wont get anywhere, logging on for a quick play is completely pointless, you will have a better time playing TF2 for 3670 hours than I will Grand Theft Auto Online. Id even prefer COD, because COD has DLC packs. Grand Theft Auto Online however, has FREE DLC packs. Youd think, WOW THATS COOL, RIGHT? no. No, it is not. It is setup intentionally so you get appealed to the dealyou sign up, enter gta online, and boy, is it chaotic. Ive had my fair share with hackers, people who are trying to exploit the game, and MONEY S, OH the money s. Because, with this free DLC, they set a virtual price to their items, as to which you have to earn. Youd think its a great system, but its not. Its absolutely garbage, because you can barely get any motion at the start of the game, or even when youre a higher level. If you dont spend money on this game, you will SUFFER in GTA online and torment you, simply in spite for you not paying money. It treats you like a freeloader, shoving you away when you dont spend money. Jobs barely earn anything, people always leave heists, and friends playing Grand Theft Auto 5 is REALLY RARE, like, REALLY RARE. So everybody is a stranger to you on Grand Theft Auto Online, right? And they understand this. Hence why  theyre always completeto you ingame. You can be doing a mission in freeroam, and this single person with 60 spent on the game can absolutely DESTROY you over the progress youve made. If they pay money, THEY get an upperhand. No, NOT YOU. Not you for trying to be a dedicated GTA Player, and not cashing out on buying an item to win 90 of games. If you dont spend money on shark cards, youre not a loyal player, youre a freeloader, go away.Now, youve decided, yes, I would like to buy a shark card to help my progress, well, good boy, because first of all, youre sucking Take Twos and Rockstarsand piling on the ignorance that take two, literally called us logs waiting to be axed, in terms of money, and that were apparently completely oblivious. So, youve payed with paypal or maxed out your credit card, now what? Well, now, youve got VIRTUAL MONEY yay as to which you can go spend on whatever you wish! Except the cache, is that that money, runs out, and when it runs out, youre back to square one because you probably bought a car or an apartment. 60 or  off. love heartSo you didnt buy a stupid unrealistically priced car or apartment, and decide, oh, Im gonna go the money making route, and try and dedicate my resources on my real money Ive spent towards making more virtual money, the problem here is that half the time it either doesnt earn you ENOUGH, or say heists, for example is impossible to do because..STRANGERS! and what do strangers do? Leave games, either because their computer is crap, or they have connectivity problems. Sometimes, theyll just leave out of spite for you, or that you didnt credit them enough money, or sometimes theyll just quickly join, youll start the heist, and then theyll leave emmediately after, returning you to freeroam, disconnecting every single player and returning them to their previous state, and you have to go into your apartment and do it all again. Its tedious. Not even my friends play this game anymore, theyve uninstalled it because they somehow found COD a more entertaining experience because they can actually GET the content they want, and it doesnt look like a god upon men if you have it. If you do manage to get a highly priced item without ever spending a single card, congratulations, heres your present All your hours of real life time wasted, instead of actually having fun, and instead spent all those hours doing a grinding method, so you can now join lobbies with poor players in and take theout of them for not spending 100 hours each time. Its irritating, Ive had many encounters, on Xbox, And PC, where Ive just been gunned down by a single person over, and over, and over, and over by a vehicle, and Ive just had to rejoin another server, or quit and take a break., Unless you read some stupid guide and prepare for the onslaught of yourself beforehand.Now, the main game was an absolute SUCCESS in terms of quality, it beat the past games by TONS of detail and quality, and is such a satisfying experience on any console or computer to play the story. Ive played the story, probably over 6 times now, its amazing, You have 3 protagonists, you can swap between them and you can just play out all of their lives and the story that is to be revealed in the future.I dont have a problem with Grand Theft Auto Story Mode, it is Online that really triggers me and irritates me beyond anything else. Grand Theft Auto Online seemed so innocent, so many people wanted to play it, but now its typically viewed now as a desert where its either people who bought the game trying to start out, people that cant make any progress, or people that have spent tons of money on shark cards, and now own 3 highend houses, tons of jets and a yacht.Its over.If their next game is the same thing, Im not signing upto online, because of course theyll repeat a money method if it gets them money, theyre a company, not a person. You may think downvoting is incredibly rude and ignorant of the main game, but it feels as if the whole game has been turned into Online. Theres no Singleplayer DLC, its all the same, you cant access online content in story mode, so if you wanna experience them items, too bad, youre poor because youre a freeloader, remember? Im downvoting because I dont want them to repeat the same thing again, companies are like pets, if you dont train them, then how should they be expected to do the right thing? No company ever does, anyway.GTA Online is only fun with friends, and going solo is the hardest part of GTA Online, its not recommended.