Well GTA, this review is actually more about GTAOnline and not about the whole game, because I havent really played the SP. Ive owned this game for quite a while now and enjoyed it frequently but the recent events made me change my mind somehow and so I decided to turn one of my forum posts into this review. That post was refering to the fact/topic that Rockstar seems to be unable to control their automated systems which are responsible for clearing ilegitimately aquired money out of the games economy.Well same happened to me, but with a ridiculous amount of money compared to what others players have. I wanted to purchase a bunker since the moment that DLC went live. Because i dont have any real means of making bigger amounts of money besides an MC,  I grinded for hours over the past few weeks and I wasnt even at the 1,4 Million that i needed for the bunker. I logged in last Saturday and wanted to grind the rest of it just to be confronted with the message in the loading screen that my account was Adjusted with 602000.I never cheated, anywhere and didnt even think of it. Why should I even, playing a game and cheating seems like an utterly useless waste of time. I also always avoided most public lobbies because i knew of the danger of getting modded against your will. And simply getting exploded in your favorite car all the time by bored twelve year olds doesnt really fit my definition of relaxation over a game after a hard day at work anyway. So I spent the biggest amount of time in private lobbies or with friends in very empty public lobbies. Because i enjoy the classic way of GTA Running around, blowing  up and having fun with your friends instead of screwing other people over to enlarge my epeen/statboard.All of the stuff i own was scraped together from the few sources of income i have. My stats checkout in every regard around 13k of shared money due to the fact that i robbed a few stores with friendes and we split the amount afterwards more than 2 years ago. The amount of money i got and the amount of money i spent are also nearly identical.But still, all of that didnt help to be treatet in a fair way, they just took more than half of what I had away from me. I opened a ticket, and got the standard response and it seems like that will be the last thing i heard from the so called support, they also didnt specify what I did wrong. Well dear support, do you even realize what that word means? Because it doesnt seem so, basically you dont deserve to earn any money for your work, because you are technically not working. Yes i realize that in the modern world screwing people over is also considered work, so maybe I am just wrong or too old fashioned.Or maybe I am just wrong because i thought that i was supposed to play the game to earn money. But it seems instead that cheating and griefing is the way to success.But i wont do that, instead i will just refrain from supporting an apparently broken system and will spend my free time in games which are actually thanking me for spending my time with them instead of punishing me for it.But hey, i played well over 250 hours and i had fun in that time, i spent 59 Euro on the game so that amounts to around 0,2 Euro per hour, thats much cheaper than other ways of entertainment. So thank you Rockstar for creating a great game that made me smile many times.But now you can shove it up your  because it seems that you dont care to treat your customers with respect and that i cant stand, neither in real life nor anywhere else. But hey, 60 gigabyte cost also around 10 Euro these days and that sorta amounts to what you took from me according to the prices of the Shark Cards so it seems to be fair for both of us.So i certainly cant recommend the game in its current state It was a great experience in the first place and maybe the SP still is, but the MP and therefore the part i have seen just isnt anymore what it used to be. Because reviews are about a games current state and not the historic state there is only one way of putting it Dont buy this game if you expect a real product with support and customer satisfaction unless useless grind and being treated like a mindless source of cashgrab is what makes you satisfied.Have a nice life everyone and thanks for reading. 