7/10 Single Player, 3/10 Online  Dont beleive the diehard fans rating it 10/10. Let me first say that if you can pick this game up for under 50 with the 8mil cash online, its worth it for a few days fun, but for the price that I paid, Im really disappointed. I feel I was scammed into beleiving it was the best thing since sliced bread by the idiots that rated it 100 on metacritic among ohers. Unfortunately you cant beleive the reviews on this one. No, its not worth the asking price. Single player is worth some fun but Online is frustrating at best. Ive played every GTA, but this one is different with a completely different feel and content to Single Player and Online. Sure theyre both open world, with a few things to do, but both are lacking in a lot of areas. Like others I feel Single Player is pretty good overall, but Online is terrible, so Ill deal with both differently.Single player took me about 70hrs to get 70 complete full story done, and most side missions. Its quite fun but there are bugs and for me the storyline was standard GTA fare linear, predictable and annoying. You are along for a ride, with some free time during the stops. The real standout was the 3 main characters who were totally different but so much fun in their own right. The depth and feel  amazing.Online is a exercise in multitasking and patience. I bought this game with the 8mil cash card for online and only 3 days later Im wondering why people would pay 100 for that normally, but also wondering if I can bother playing any more. There are so many issues with online, but the main ones are load times which is about 30 of your play time  you need to be able to tab out of play another game while you wait for people to join, wait for various places like your apartment to load etc. Load times are around 1min at best to over an hour for some missions  theres no scale down or bots to speed this up. Its a cash grab. Everything is overpriced and they are spamming ads in game to make you buy more, over promising and under delivering. I bought a hangar for 3mil to start a trafficking empire so I could earn cash, but you cant. Its completely false. The lack of real information and help in game leads to a lot of money being wasted. Modders / Hackers are everywhere. They pop up every few hours and do loads of random things such as respawn everyone together on the same spot then grenade everyone, or spawn around 30 random vehicles, or even spawn money. You have no control over any of this.All said and done, a lot of other games are far more advanced and/or polished in many different aspects to this game. Its not bad, but its not good either. R really need to work on their online stuff though. Its truely horrendous. 