I dumped 500 hours into this game to be able to actually make a somewhat decent review about it. Ill try to cover most things here...Lets start with singleplayer.The story is great, some of the missions are really fun. The story is weird in every way which makes it somewhat fun. Rockstar was making some singleplayer dlcs but they cancelled it so some playerbase left because some of the people that play the game are just here for the singleplayer because that the online has really bad problems Im gonna mention.Multiplayer.Now this is the big thing for me about gta 5, Im not a singleplayer type of guy but I still enjoyed finishing the story so I focused more on the online. Now all the items prices were okay until like the Lowriders dlc... I had saved alot of money well not alot but took me some time I had saved like 67 million gta  and I was like Hey, a new dlc!! lets check it out! I looked at the new cars and I was really excited! So I bought me a van to customize it at bennys and went there and made it look neato burrito and then went out to buy another car and customize it and I realize I just spent 3.5m on one single car... I was like umm okay its okay yknow we made alot of customizations on it so its okay and then other updates come and the prices keep going higher and the game gets more grindy less than fun... Hackers are everywhere, people asking if theres a modder and when the modder is trolling people some people just go in like umm is there a modder in this season? and if there is can i have some money pls? 3 and it just got annoying. Its like the game lost all its fun.. everyone was as if theyre faceless with no personalities almost as if theyre like NPCs. Used to have a great time and meet some great friends now its just all trolling and hacking and really reaaally grindy.. If you want to be able to afford atleast like 3 items in a new dlc nowadays you gotta grind atleast 7.5million to be guaranteed being able to buy atleast 3 items including the property like office or hangar and then theres probably something beside it needed to customize or do stuff with the other items released with the dlc Workshop or vehicle warehouse and then theres the one item from the new update a car, clothing, aircrafts.. It got to the point where if you want to buy a flight suit  you have to pay 50k and if you want a combat helmet you have to pay 100k... Thats just too much.. For me its okay because I have an office and a vehicle warehouse so I can make 100k by selling a top range car from the warehouse but its still way too grindy for new people.. This is why I do not recommend this.. But if youre here to have some fun with friends I would definitely recommend the game to you. Hangars released with the new update Smugglers Run can be a ton of fun with friends. The missions are different and really fun to do. If you like grinding so so much for something then buy this..TLDR Hackers, stupid people begging for modded money, way too grindy for new players, sometimes fun with friends..