GTAV is very much a great game, I can not deny that!There are many pros to this game such as how the game is very optimized, big open world, freedom, a full fledged campaign and a decent multiplayer experience.Yes, this game can be fun and enjoyable and there are many, many good qualities to this game but why am I giving it a negative review? No, this has nothing to do with the OPENIV situation but how repetitive the game feels for me. In this you are supposed to be as greedy as possible, trying to get as much money as possible! The satisfaction of buying a new vehicle  with your hard earned cash in game is a great feeling although getting money gets very reptitive.There are many ways to get money in this game such as Heists, Supply missions, Anniversary events and more. Yeah, you can see there are many ways to get money so how can you get bored?! Well, some missions do not pay you enough so you repeat the same missions that give you a lot of money over and over again to get more money and that is very, very boring. Many missions feel so plain and theres no real excitement to them, for instance supply missions. Supply missions are hell, sometimes you dont even need to pullout your gun at all! So many of these missions are the same. Go to destination, maybe kill some dudes before you take the car and go back to another destination. Yeah, very exciting. Some people may find this fun and Im not one to judge but I cant find doing pretty much the same missions every time fun.Heists, these missions... If you cant do them without your friends you might be out of luck, doing these solo are hell and the thing is most of these missions require up to 4 people. If you only have one friend with you to play with and you want to do a heist and you have 2 randoms, thats fine unless they  you over and you lose the mission. This is esspecially frustrating when playing on harder missions where the team lives are 0.Anniversary Events, these are fun but it gets old VERY QUICK. Some Anniversary are actually fun to play over and over again but Ive only found a couple actually fun to play over and over again. Most of these are low effort quick minigames like most of the missions.Shark Cards, why are these even in a 75 game? This game is way too reliant on these. These cards are also very overpriced. 100 for 8 Million VIRTUAL DOLLARS, remember these arent real dollars these are VIRTUAL. This game is a serious grindfest pretty much like a freetoplay game, remember this is a full priced game and Rockstar are low enough to seriously add MICROTRANSACTIONS TO A 75 GAME.... Ok....Rockstar have made very good games including this one but GTAV just isnt the best game for me. Its a great game to play with friends but after a while it gets boring. Rockstar have also banned people for getting money from modders, yes this is understable but if someone just dumps some money on you and you didnt ask for it, have fun getting an one month ban. I also bought this game at half price and I strongly believe that this game is not worth 75 USD.... Yes, there are many things to do in this game but to me this game is no where near worth 75 USD.tldr Great game but way too repitive for me and not rewarding enough for grinding. 