Sorry R you guys made a fun game, but I cannot support Take2Interactive actions recently. and T2I, you guys lost a customer as I wont be purchasing games with your name on it anymore. Thats my middle finger back to you.TLDR Great game, SP story was ok, Online is fun with friends and if you dont have hackers fn with you. WAY TOO OVERPRICED content in the online, Shark Cards are a rip off for what you get in return.SingleplayerThe SP story was ok in my opinion, The main characters were pretty good, I wish they did franklin a bit different.. I always felt like he was just... there, throughout the story and not really memorable imo, pretty much felt like a 3rd wheel. After the story is complete the SP feels lackluster on what to do other than blow things up which gets boring after about 30min The modding WAS great for it to fill that gap but most of the mods now are completely gone thanks to Take2.MultiplayerHas a great foundation for online, but it wasnt exectued properly I thought. The Online is a lot of fun playing with friends or meeting other players to have some fun with. The content/toys to play with is abundent. Customization was great, everyone felt unique when meeting other players and seeing their cars and characters.The prices is what really kills the online though. IMO I think everything is way overpriced.. but ofc you can see why when they sell Shark Cards for ingame currency. Look I understand the DLC content is free and its optional to purchase.. yadda yadda.. I get that. But when you have the top card for 100 for only 8m in game that may get you 2 of the new cars and perhaps some left over to customize them fully, Cmon now.. at least make it incetive for more people to buy them.. not rip them off. Then hey maybe you might just have more people buying them. But hey what do I know.. Im only the potential customer youre trying to attract.In conclusion though, they Rockstar not Money bags Take2 made a great game to get a lot of laughs out of and spend hrs just fn around with friends or other players. But the current CD put on OpenIV, killing the mass majority of SP, and the Overpriced crap in the online just kills this game completely. So I cant recommend this game until Take2 changes their actions, and when prices are more fair for the customer in what they get in return.