This game is one of the most fun games I have ever played, with or without mods.I dont like writing reviews because most of the time I feel that the way a company knows that I like their game is because Ill give it a thumbs up on another review and I havent tried refunding it. I have, however, found a need to write a review of this game because of the recent conflict I have seen.Judging this games vanilla singleplayer contentWithout spoiling too much this is one of the only single player games that I can honestly say swept me away. The story was a fantastic tale of three unexpected friends, and it constantly keeps the player entertained. I played through it three times before finally hanging up the controller on my ps3/ps4 and switching to PC. If you are looking for a good single player time, this game is definitely the way to go.MultiplayerI cant be too biased with the multiplayer even though thats where I spent most of my time on the PC version of this game.The multiplayer is grindy. Thats it. Its just grindy.The above statement is very bold, but I admit that I cannot stop playing GTA Online for one reason only. It is the most fun multiplayer game I have to play with friends. I have easily put 200300 hours combined between the PS4 and PC versions of this games multiplayer. The heists are so much fun when youre coordinated. The grindy missions become a lot of fun when you can think of creative and imaginative ways to complete them with your friends. All in all, it is a fantastic waste of time to spend with your friends. People complain about hackers and cheaters, but I think that finding ways to thwart them with your friends is a totally new type of minigame for the multiplayer.ModsHere is where my real criticism comes in... I support Take Two for their actions. I know that this will not be  a popular opinion, but its the truth. The whole time, since before the release of the PC version of this game, they have been adamant and honest about their opinion of modding the game. They released patch after patch trying to stop mods from being a thing. If this wasnt an issue before, why is it an issue now? I dont think trying to take down OpenIV may have been the best decision, but it was a necessary decision that they made to solidify their opinion on the matter. Mods are not an essential part of this game. Any single person does not have to buy shark cards, they dont have to buy this game at all. They have been completely honest and open about the fact that they do not want their game modded. Sorry, but its the truth.TLDRGreat single player. Multiplayer is grindy, but fun with friends. Devs and producers have never wanted mods and tried to ban mods from the game. It wasnt a big issue then, it shouldnt be now. 