Okay, I think I have a lot to say about this.First things first, this game is wonderful. I beat the game a couple times on the original xbox 360 version, and Id rate the story mode 4/5. Lots of things to do in this game and the map is pretty big. I really enjoy riding a bike up the mountains and then parachuting off, or surviving with a 5 star wanted level while on the tallest building in the game. Singleplayer in this game is fun already, and adding mods ontop just makes it 10x better.Would I reccomend getting this for the singleplayer? Yes.Oh, hey! Theres also a nifty online mode. I had lots of fun doing multiplayer in GTA4, so surely GTA5 has an even better online mode, seeing as there are millions of things to do in singleplayer, right?Well, sure I guess. GTA Online has lots and lots and lots of activities to do. You can rob stores, play golf, murder people, have an arm wrestle RIP fingers, rob banks, race, etc. There is just so much to do.However, I wouldnt do multiplayer unless you have friends to play it with. 9/10 times there is a modder in an online server that likes to bomb everybody thats in the server or just spawn random stuff to annoy players.Even if you play in passive mode Essentially disables PvP they will still often do stuff like blow up nearby vehicles, teleport, control you and your vehicles, etc.Now, if you either play in a closed session by yourself limits the available activities or play with your friends, the game is pretty great. Money is NOT as hard to get as people make it sound. I got the game a few weeks ago and already managed to get a nice apartment and some vehicles. It just takes time. Even if you play for an hour a day, you can easily rob a few stores and get at least 10k a day.If you are looking for fast money, whenever you get invited to an organization, accept it. As long as you are within a radius of your CEO, you will get paid around 5000 every 30 minutes and if you do missions with your ceo you can easily make 20k or so in an hour.Anyways, thats my review.TLDR  Singleplayer is great, Multiplayer is not always great unless you have friends. 