This is the major example of a wasted potential in AAA game. Dont get me wrong  the singleplayer is one of the most intense ones I have ever played. However, the decisions made for the online mode are the prime examples of what not to do with a great product  and how to drive your creation straight to the trash can. Here are the biggest cons that were not present at the release of the game, but are now a thing due to the most mindboggling decisions made by Rockstar Games and TakeTwo The studio only supports online mode, and any new DLC vehicles since the beggining of 2016 are not being released to the singleplayer, therefore players which want to test new vehicles before buying them have to mod single player  which TakeTwo just made almost impossible by shutting down OpenIV, a modding tool used to mod GTA games since 2009. Even with the shift to online, singleplayer is still a lot more immersing. Rockstar encourages players to only play online by releasing free DLCs only to that mode  but online still feels like a cheaper version of the singleplayer experience. Even the simple things, like animals not being present in online since 2013, make online appear much less polished than the singleplayer. Another big problem are the Shark Cards  the prices of them are just plain stupid. Overall, the pricing of vehicles shifted a lot after the heist update in 2015. The prices of Shark Cards did not change since 2013. Before the heist update, the biggest 8MLN ingame dollars Megalodon Shark Card could buy you almost all of the ingame content for 100. All of the content from the newest DLC, Gunrunning, costs around 40MLN ingame dollars  which translates roughly to 500. We have to remember that all of the DLCs since the release of the game are free  that unfortunately does not justify the content hiding behind a 500 paywall. If you are one of those people that do not want to spend any money via microtransactions, turn away from this title. Everything is hiding behind a neverending grind. Ingame jobs pay nothing, and still, after 2 years, the best way to make money is by grinding heists  which released in 2015. The community is so upset at this fact that every two online lobbies, you will see people begging modders to drop them money. Adding to the topic of modders  online mode is filled with them. I, personally, have a mixed opinion about them. Rockstar cant control them since the release for PC. Modders can create the most hilarious and fun moments of online  or they can simply wipe your account and even steal your IP adress  as you can see, they are totally out of Rockstars control. Last thing I am going to write about is purely subjective, and is about the content added in the new DLCs. I am one of those rare casual players that would like to drive vehicles into the back of the Titan which is not possible since the release of the game or go offroading and hunting in the countryside with a couple of friends as I said before, hunting is not possible due to animals not being present in the online mode. Instead, we get new super cars added in almost every DLC. For me, GTA has always been about having fun  not grinding missions to unlock the fun content. Even simple things like custom lobbies with police, player icons or friendly fire disabled  which were present in GTA IV  are not possible in GTA Online.Thank you for reading my review. As I said, in my opinion, GTA V is the best example of a wasted potential I have ever seen in a video game. This game released in 2013 and with the right development could still be one of the top contenders for the best sandbox, best racing game and even the best fps because of the next gen option of first person camera mode. Unfortunately, in my opinion, it will not be any of those any soon. Also, adding more context to my review  I have been playing this game since the release, both on Xbox 360 and PC. I think that with the recent shutdown of OpenIV, it is the highest time the community should speak up and protest against the greed of Rockstar and TakeTwo.Sincerely, a disappointed GTA fan.