Magnificent, Marvellous, that is what I think of to describe GTA5. As the most stunning gamework in the most stunning game franchise, GTA5 deserves to be labelled a masterpiece.Its most distinctive sell point is its a completefreedom crime franchise, it contains 40 hours of major plots and nonmajor plots, let alone GTA online, the first in the decades. Its topic and plots vividly present that of Americas value, satire at the culture at the same time, though. Its the best representation of American society. And the 3character switching mode is really really a good thing.You have to come to the games diversity and detailed presentation. Its said that the working group took over 250,000 pictures to present Los Santos. I really appeal to game players to applaud them for that. During the gaming process, every building, every citizens reaction, they were carefully designed, and on the whole they present a sense of cyber real world, everything there is so exquisite and beautiful and, there are just so many interesting spots that you want to pay a visit, furthermore, on your way of sightseeing, you might find more places like that and you just couldnt cut it out! I personally have marked 10 plus points of interest some time ago but, now, there are still that amount of them hanging there on the screen! GTA5, is undoubtedly the KING of open world.Lets talk something about its stories. Well, 69 mainline missions and all the other kinds of hodgepodge, they are not just A piece of cake. Theyll consume you at least 60 hours to go through, let alone sightseeing San Andreas! The stories are all welldesigned, either are playful, or very interesting, joking, including many, almost a reallife representation. Weve got six major heists to plan and carry out, deal with various business matters, settle down family problems, and run errends for some strangers and freaks, and there are also stunt races. Anyway, anyone can find his way to play it, and everyone can enjoy his own world.Graphical engine is superb, for it has produced the most advanced graphics quality at the time, 2013, when games were typically the graphics quality of TR9. Even today, four years later, it could still be rated photo level. Thus I guess it would be astunning when first came out. There in the graphics options, you can choose from various options to adjust to your preference. Its a beautiful world in San Andreas, the sunsets are supreme, the buildings and vehicles are hard to believe that they are not cut from a video scene, and the trees, beaches and people, OMG, I can only say they are brought to life by R star!Then lets come to the character design and topics. The three main characters are carefully chosen and perfected.Though their model construction has a long way to go to level with that of Hellblade, but, please remember its 2013 game! Its already ahead of the times to make models that real. So far as we know, the tree lead models have worked together for three years to record, animate, and all that stuff to make the game into realtiy. Each of them is distinctive, each with his own values, with his own problems, so you gotta say it must be fun when they emerge and sparkle, and indeed they did. Among the three of them all, Trevor is the most beloved character, for he is most personalityprominent. Trevor, he is an , scoundrel type of person, more hated and feared by the community than any series killer, he slaughters anyone to his dislike whenever he wants, and of course, he never feared the legal forces. Michael, he is the most realistc person amongst the three, hes got a family and two kids, and he is a selfish person, just trying to live better in the society, even to betray his brothers in North Yankton. Franklin, this is an honest young man, with his own values, he wants to earn big money with hard work, however got cheated, but he is most like an angel in them all. And the topic of the game is to satire American society for their blind worship of money encouraging the abandance of values for interests. You will know that when you compare the contradictory endings if you choose to kill Michael and Trevor seperately, who has benefitted more in the occasion?There are many bonus and interesting details. You may shave Trevor and Michaels hair and you may also find Franklin wake up in a strip club. You can date with various girls in the strip club, and you cna encounter a great number of random events, ranging from robberies to gangster fights.All in all, its a magnificent game, the best franchise yet on the game market. Rockstar, theyve made a masterpiece and more than one million GTA lovers must thank them for that!