Review Nutshell if you wanna play for online this game is not for you if you wanna play for storymode this game is for you. The games pretty and the music is superb. In the end I recommend this game because I really enjoyed the story alot and that deserves your attention though if you want a fun multiplayer experiance, find a different game.Online GTA Online is actual trash, its not normal trash, its Mobile Gaming Trash, its EA Bad, its Metal Gear Solid 3 Pao Machine Bad. I mean you can have fun but the community is Its pay to win if you want the cool cars and buildings. Its an endless grind if you dont wanna spend money which will take hours while modders have godlike powers of killing you anywhere, permanently banning you Via dropping money and forcing upon your character, or just taking away all your hard earned money. Rockstar has put Online on life support for years and instead of putting in Single player DLC or anything like that, we get Pay to Winthat gives players flying cars and tanks andto thoses who mod to get money, farm for 10 years straight, or hand over their wallets. You might as well call Grant Theft Auto 5 Online Grand Car Dealership Auto 5 Cus its really that bad. To the games credit online used to be fun messing with friends like a few years ago though times have changed. Playing with friends has its moments but that doesnt make up for the bad buisness practices and lackluster Online DLC being released by the suits at Rockstar. 3/10 Highly AvoidStorymode Storymode is very enjoyable, its really a pretty and vibrant city a lot of people and wildlife. If you ever visited Los Angeles and played GTA 5, you can see the amount of detail the programmers put in. The story is also very smart, lowkey self aware, and funny. The diologue is just ing great, people feel like real people that you could really talk to. The missions are fun as  and the three main characters are all likable. If theres a mission that you dont like in Story mode you can always skip that part which keeps the game from becoming a frusterating mess. These moments of being stuck barely show up in the first place, The only reason Im mentioning thatis Probably cus Imat videogames  10/10 Must own for story. 