The story is terrible. All of the characters are unlikeable, maliciouswho basically all become evil for no real reason with no redeeming qualities aside from well, at least theyre not as bad as Trevor. All of the games social commentary is blunt and forced as to make no sense within the game world  such as the games Apple equivalent bragging to people onstage about how theyre stealing everyones personal information and calling everyone idiots to their faces, and then they applaud for... being called idiots i guess?? ?Gameplay is pretty bland. A solid 70 of the game is driving from mission to mission. And the mission will normally either be shooting which I admit is rather polished and feels quite good, driving thats really fun. Driving to a mission, its a driving mission, and then you drive to the next mission which is also a driving mission, etc, or the games  forced melee combat / stealth / whatever , useless minigame they decide to throw at you. The game is plagued by overproduction in a lot of places  such as a mandatory cut through a steel grate minigame near the end of the game that takes a solid 2 minutes to complete, and isnt even really a game. You just slowly drag a steel cuter over a grate. Theres no time limit, or imminent threat, or reason for the minigame to even BE there outside of showing off the games production value with no regard to actual gameplay or flow. So, unless youre shooting stuff the game usually feels pretty bland or uninteresting.Multiplayer is constantly updated, but can be borderline impossible to play without friends. You MUST complete missions to level up, and you cannot play missions by yourself. My experience with the online of this game has been waiting in lobbies for THREE hours total and not getting a single game, cause nobody wants to join the new players game, so effectively Im not allowed to play the multiplayer in a 60 triple A product because the devs decided to level gate 99 of the content and that matchmaking shouldnt be a thing.Oh, and also, they killed the games modding which was the only thing that could make the game interesting in a lot of ways. So theres that, too. 