GTA V was an amazing game back when it was released. It had amazing story, really good graphics, spot on voice acting and amazing humor and critic about modern society. The Online part was really good also, I had hours on this part when they first introduced the heist, an extension of the center mechanic in the Story. They where challenging with a few really hard parts, but after a while you could easily finish them even with strangers. Then they introduced jobs and missions, something you could do to earn extra cash and XP relatively easy and had a bit of fun in the proccess. The content was also free, new cars, weapons, clothes, etc. that you could use in the offline Story if you wanted. All was well untill 2 years ago. 2 years ago marked, for me at least, the downfall of the GTA V. In that time they stopped releasing updates for the offline mode, all the content now is locked in the Online part only, leaving you with no way of testing or using any of it for your story which you had the power to make movies or short clips while having zero risk of losing ingame money since you could reverse the save if you wanted. Also, the price for the vehicles and their upgrades, started to increase exponentially, for example one car now might cost 50k ingame money lowriders or special sports cars and vans, but if you want to fully upgrade it you need to spent another 500k minimum so you can customize its chassy so it can accept the new upgrades. With every update they increased the price for everything, from buildings to vehicles. They also increased the difficulty in every heist, mission, job, race, etc. The matchmaking became nonexistent and low level players where paired with level 120 and up, effectivly ruining the game for new players that wanted to gain money and XP efficiently. The payouts also became a joke, finishing a 20 minute team brawl awarding to top players only 2000 at best. Also they stopped carring about cheaters that cheat anything except money. I can log in a server and instantly teleported to the beach for example, so the cheater just kill me because he disabled my weapons, or I crouse around and a giant airplane just materialise out of nowhere. Further more, players that have money and bought pretty much everything in the game, just cruise around, killing other players that try to make some cash, because every job, except social events that get a pass because that was their role, is publicly shown in the map and the game urges you to go and kill those players so you will be awarded for it, effectivly rewarding players ruining the game for others. All of this is a clever manipulation so you would buy the so called Sharkcards. When they first introduced them in the Online, I didnt gave them much thought because the ways you could earn money where pretty solid and fun if you had the time and skills, but now ? Now they finally showed their true face. They didnt force them on us, because they knew that there would be a backlash, so they padded their time, releasing free content so we wont think too much of it and from personal experience, I fell for it. Had I known back then that this is what the game would become, I would had rented it for the Story only and bought it after a hefty price drop, another part that infuriates me. The game is almost 5 years old 2K, drop the price in half already for other people to buy it.So no, unless they slash the price in half, dont buy it and especially dont buy it for its Online part, it doesnt worth either your time or your money.