Welp, Ive been pushed over the edge into writing this review in lieu of recent events which can be read in any other review posted recently. This review will cover actual issues the game has instead of chewing out take2 though they do deserve to be chewed out, but, at this point I feel anything Id say has already been said.I will begin by saying this game was entertaining for a short while. It has nice graphics, pretty fluid gameplay, and they like to keep online updated which theyve done for free instead of having you pay for dlc so I commend them for doing that. Unfortunately thats all the praise I have for this game.I will begin ripping this thing apart with singleplayer mode. Unlike other GTA games Ive played mostly Vice City and San Andreas, which are arguably the best 2 in the series the game is a cakewalk. When I play GTA I want to be challenged to the point of ragequitting then coming back to it a short while later anyone remember Demolition Man from VC? or what about the damn RC plane mission in SA?. Not to mention this game feels smaller than SA with only 1 city and the countryside. The story is decent, some of the characters are great, but all of that is overshadowed by how easily one breezes through the story. This isnt a GTA game, its got the look and some of the humor of a GTA game, but it lacks the soulcrushingly difficult missions that gives each of the other GTAs Ive played their unique charm.Now on to the real killer for me online mode. Online mode is a great concept, but, horribly executed. Its nice to be able to play with others and progress from having your first vehicle you stole to having a few houses, a business, multiple full garages full of customized cars, etc. It would also be nice if that were possible in a reasonable amount of time. Unfortunately, its not. If youre like me and refuse to do any microtransactions so you end up grinding the resourses, online takes eons. They price things so exorbitantly high that most players just end up buying the shark cards, making it one of the cardinal sins of gaming paytowin. Online, at this point has become just a money grab. Additionally, online mode is riddled with players who bend the rules. Some of these people are nice, but most Ive come across are just trolls. Then theres the seemingly endless supply of ruleabiding trolls. Those who dont circumvent the rules with additional tools, but rather use their equipment to wreak havoc on honest players. I understand that some of this is fine, fun even, but when its every server then it makes it unbearable. Also, you can forget about acomplishing anything in your own private server, the freeroam events are disabled, thus forcing you to play in a trollriddled hellhole of a place just trying to accomplish anything to make some decent cash so you dont have to spend real money on those damn shark cards. As far as running the MC or CEO stuff, most people dont want to bother with it unless they get the highest cut, so everyone runs their own stuff rather than working together. So many of the practices with online mode are very anticooperative play, which is in direct contrast to the real world of crime where you have people working together to achieve things. So even as a crime simulator this game fails.Now to break my own rule I gave myself at the beginning of this... talking about the Take 2 legal action against a certain modding tool.Mods are what made singleplayer mode bearable. You could make it difficult, quirky, grimey, and downright weird. But thats the beauty of mods in games. Companies like Take 2 think of mods as ways to break rules and ruin their games, but thats not what modding, real modding, is. Modding, for all intents and purposes, is a way for people to enjoy the product that the company has released long past its vanilla playability allows. Furthermore, its a form of creative expression allowing people to view the game as a wonderfully built canvas to unleash their creative desires and share with others. Modding brings me back to the good ol days of gaming before all the extreme budgets, corporate buyouts, playing it safe with releases which this game is... dumbed down to appeal to the widest audience. All gaming is nowadays, seems like its about making the most money rather than providing quality entertainment. I remember a time when games used to be innovative, groundbreaking even, people used to push the limits, take risks, succeed and fail. But that was the beauty of it. If a game failed it was because it was a bad game, not because they didnt spend enough on marketing in the beginning anyway... this did eventually become the reason many games do fail. Modding allows people to do what those crazy fools did back in the day push the limits, cause paradigm shifts, and create quality entertainment. Many of the games which have brought massive loads of cash in for some of these companies began as mods for other games, so its sickening to see companies doing things like Take2 has done to the modding community. Basically what theyre saying is Your ideas are trash, allow us to give you what we say you want rather than being a decent company and providing us with what we actually want. We get the same 15 games every year because it reaches the widest audience, mods are there to make the more nuanced alterations that fit smaller segments within the market, allowing us to turn the game into what we want. Some may claim that it sullies the original work, my response to them is to wake up and realize that its just a money game now when it comes to the big companies.Back on topic a bit Take2s legal action against a certain modding tool is appalling. They claim its to prevent modders online, which would be fine since its their servers, people may have conflicting mods, theres no way to manage them all, among other issues. However, this particular tool doesnt allow for any sort of online modding not to mention the modders who are online are rarely punished anyway. So why is it they claim its to prevent online modding when clearly its not? The answer is simple, long ago they said that theyll allow modding in offline mode, its your game so you should be able to turn it into something you enjoy playing. They say its to prevent online modding so they dont have to go back on their original promise, though actions speak louder than words and its clear they have indeed gone back on their word. Why do they want to eliminate offline modding? Well thats a simple question to answer. As stated earlier, mods allow players to enjoy games long past their original playability value. In the case of GTA5 once you beat the story and quests theres nothing left to do so naturally you head online. Mods allowed peole to continue to play offline long after the story ended which was no good for Take2. Once you remove the Mods, the playability factor is gone thus forcing people to play online. Once online, they realize the exorbitant prices for most things and either quit playing the game altogether, attempt to grind it out, or in the case of most people, buy the shark cards.This kind of anticonsumer behavior cannot stand. Not to mention the game isnt even that spectacular and is riddled with issues that they dont appear to care enough about to fix. So no, I do not recommend this game.