Let me get this straight off the bat, I enjoy this game both the story and the much less popular online mode. I dont mod this game and ive played this game a ton. But it has some glaring issues not with the game itself but the people running it and playing it. But If I could give this game a neutral or mixed or something like that I wouldFor starters the people running this game.Like you may have heard or not Take Two the publisher sent a cease and desist to the team behind a popular modding platform used for many mods. Which you know, kinda killed the modding community and made alot of people angry. But they did eventually take back what they did.Rockstar put microtransactions in a full 60 price tag game.They also continue to be taking the wrong steps to combat the rampant hacking in the game more on that later and in turn hurting the people who had not done anything.Rockstar doesnt treat the players like people but like the numbers they see on their screens. Ignoring input from the people often and when they do listen they hurt the game more than help it.Now for the thing I have more info and knowledge of, the community and the game.This game has the most toxic commuity ive ever experienced in any game period. The commuity will destroy all your work with little to no reward for them but they do it anyway.Rockstar have made everything in this game extremely overpriced taking hours even days to make the money required to have fun.Hackers. Lots. The amount of hackers is frankly disgusting Id be willing to say there are less hackers on COD World at War then on this game. The hacks they can activate can range from cheats from singleplayer, explosive bullets, ridiculously fast vehicles, spawing money which, if you pick up, Ive heard from some people got them banned, and other such things.And to close, I can say completely certain that friends kept me playing this game for this long. Honestly I cant really completely reccomend this game to anyone if you do want this game you might want to wait for a big sale. 