I usually dont write any reviews, and if I do, I stick to positive ones  however, in this case, no matter how painful it is, I have to break a habit.Despite all the things that could make this game fantastic, the following three factors steal all fun from it, leaving only bad memories.In this order.While the game has breathtaking graphics, fun game mechanics, good humour, and always something to do for endgame, it has zero control over cheaters/modders due to its P2P nature.With a single keystroke they canJust to name a few, but the list goes on and expands every passing day.Trust me I did. A lot of them. Heck, I even reported when I got modded money  Avoiding to spend it for months, having trouble to keep track of the amount of cash I can safely use.In the rare occurences Rockstar answered at all, it was always generic please be patient, and we are actively doing this and that or you can report modders on x forums  with no actual action or effect seemed to follow.In fact, modders are so numerous, that when publisher TakeTwo Interactive started a ceaseanddesist order against the creator of OpenIV, a longstanding modding tool for Grand Theft Auto 5, its users started to give so many negative reviews on steam, that Rockstar asked them to back off.They stated Rockstar Games believes in reasonable fan creativity, and, in particular, wants creators to showcase their passion for our games, which would be fair enough, if they were able to monitor or control if this mods effect single player mode which is ok, or online which interferes other players fun. But they arent.There is an option to play online in inviteonly sessions this would solve all the problems with modders but Rockstar disabled the best gameplay options in this mode. There were petitions in the past, but nothing seemed to change.You could say ok., and find another. I did  countless times. Nowdays thats almost impossible. 95 of the sessions has at least 1 modder, or if hasnt, it will in about 2030 mins.And with the brutal sometimes 510 mins! loading times just to get another session, thats propably just as bad as the previous one its not a temtpting option either.enable all gameplay mechanics in invite only sessions but as I see now, Rockstar neglects its clean playerbase. I dont know, maybe we are in minority now ? The only way left for me to protest is a negative review, and staying away from their titles as long as they wont change their politics. Until then, i think the next title would be less misleading GMA 6 Grand Modder Auto 6