There was a time when I would have wholeheartedly recommended this game based on its singleplayer and multiplayer alike. It has a pretty solid story and base gameplay, and initially the multiplayer provided an interesting environment for both running missions and screwing around with friends. Since then, however, things have changed significantly.Many complaints in the past were centered around the abysmal hacking community that surrounded this game, but every day I find it harder and harder to hold their actions against them. While many laud 2K for releasing many free additions to GTA Online, its become increasingly clear that the pricing of these additions is specifically tuned to push players to purchase realmoney Shark Cards, requiring sums of ingame money that are nighimpossible to acquire for anyone that doesnt treat playing GTA Online as a day job. Clearly this strategy has paid off, with 2K raking in incredible profits off of these microtransactions, and giving up on any plans to release singleplayer DLC for the game.This is fine. I dont like it one bit, but its a fairly common business practice and all I can do is expect people to vote with their dollars. What isnt fine, however, is the increasingly moneycentric strategy that 2K has been pursuing with regards to its community. They have taken to aggressively shutting down any group or service that they fear may negatively affect their profits, inclding modding tools, private servers, and so on. This comes across as nothing more than an attempt to funnel more players into GTA Online, where the money is, at the expense of hurting their community.ConclusionI cant approve of this practice, and I cant recommend GTAV as a fun experience anymore. It still has a solid singleplayer campaign, but the singleplayer experience is now relatively limited with the shutdown of the OpenIV modding suite. The multiplayer experience, while fun at times, is hopelessly grindy for the purpose of enticing you to purchase realmoney shortcuts. The community is...pretty bad. Lots of angry, slurspewing kids with the occasional helpful player willing to lend a hand. Overall, I just cant find much reason to play it at this point.