Singleplayer is amazing. The story, characters, map. Even after playing over and over again its still entertaining. I like it way more than the GTA 4s story.As for online  this is the reason why I dont recommend the game, because I think that most people nowadays buy the game mainly because of the online. Dont get me wrong I used to love it, played over 400 hours of pure online, everything was awesome, I thought that this is the perfect multiplayer game, they are constantly updating it and there is a lot of stuff  which has become the problem. A year and a half ago, everything was more or less balanced, the prices were reasonable. After the Import/Export things were getting drastically different. Looked like this to meHey buddy, want to enjoy the content? Well, you should get our brand new garage only for 2M.Then Gunrunning. Again, my overall feelingsLook at this cool update! The players will be able to get their bunkers only for 1.5M. Also, dont forget to upgrade your equipment for another 1M. Did we forget to mention that getting additional people working for you will only cost you half a million? By the way, you will time from time get raided and lose everything, unless you buy another cameras for 400K! All the raids will magically disappear! Want to modify your weapons in your Workshop? Well, too bad, you need a trailer for that, but dont worry, its only 1 to 2 and a half millions. Do you want to train your shooting? There you go, only for 700K! Do you prefer white over black? The paint costs 105K, so... Did we mention that you can take a nap there? The key for that room costs 265K. Do you want a Gun Locker which you will probably never use? That will be 175K. You want some caddies? 85K or 120K if you want to have them larger. Dont forget to check out the new cars! Get yourself a car that shoots a couple of missiles only for 45M!How I felt about Smugglers RunHello there! This update will be about planes. Want a hangar? 1 to 5M. Which style would you prefer? The one for 100k or the one for 320k? Want different lights? No problem  the more expensive style you chose the more expensive lights youll get! Isnt that cool? Want some nice art on the floor? Sure, well paint it for you, costs only up to 200k, just like your apartment you bought last year to do heists! Furniture? You mean another wall? Thats another 280k for you. Again, want the keys to access your bed? 235k375k. You want to customize your 500k glider? One word  WORKSHOP! And guess what this number, 1,150,000 means... Correct! Its the price!The prices of the content added were skyrocketing, if you wanted to truly enjoy the game, you had to either make money all day long if you wanted to be a fair dude that doesnt hack, which is by the way, another big problem with this game, or buy some cards that are horribly overpriced. At this point I didnt have time to play all day long, I didnt want to hack and I totally didnt want to spend twice the price of the game on some cards, so I stopped playing. Since then, Ive been ignoring the game, not watching any videos and not paying attention to the updates. Sometimes, when I notice that theres an update, I come back for a couple of minutes and look how a vehicle with a couple of missiles costs over 4 millions. Now another heist update, you might think thisOh, finally another heist, things are getting back to the state when you could buy a house for 200k and get full content.The reality, however, looks like thisHey, its nice to see you back in the game, look at this brand new heist room only for 2 millions, the same idea, only way more expensive.And as a person who doesnt have that much time to play anymore, I cant enjoy the content anymore. Another problem with this game are the hackers. I finally am thrown into a lobby after 10 minutes of loading, I see that I am immediately teleported to an airport from my house with a couple of other people and I am stuck doing some rather strange animations. I always report the guy when I find out who it is, but it doesnt seem to help. Ive heard some heartbreaking stories of people getting banned for no reason, this luckily hasnt happened to me yet. 