Multiplayer is riddled with hackers giving people money, causing insane amounts inflation and driving up the price of everything. The community behind this game supports these hackers, calling them saviors and friends, but usually only when these players receive money from these hackers. These allpowerful children with mods ruin free roam, especially when they inevitably begin teleporting and/or exploding players. The community that supports hackers, and not really the hackers themselves, is a huge reason why I do not like playing this game and unfortunately, Rockstars anticheat is nearly nonexistent.With all this cheatermoney, it makes the already somewhat boring free roam moneymaking events and businesses which pay out about 20k to 250k nearly completely useless compared to the millions that a hacker will give. The cheating problem in this game makes my motivation to make money in this game nearly nonexistent. I dont want to play to make more money if Ive already been unfairly given millions by some cheater with a mod menu.Making money in general is fairly tedious. Doing the same sales through the Motorcycle Gangs, the CEO Cargo and Vehicle Cargo, and the new Gunrunning can be really tedious. However, they can net you significant amounts of money. Theyre certainly enough to pay for what you want. Many people claim that Rockstars high expense on cars and other upgrades is unfeasably high. This simply isnt true, as the business profits are well enough to provide for these vehicles. However, the high initial expense of setting up these businesses and the tedium of performing the sales for these business are really whats actually prohibitive for these players.Unmodded singleplayer is fairly fun and rewarding. I played through all of the main story quests and most of the optional quests. Overall, pretty fun, but fairly limited in terms of what customization options you may have. Its a fairly linear story without much player choice being involved, but I enjoyed it nonetheless. The singleplayer of GTA IV dwarves GTA Vs singplayer in both storytelling and in terms of player choice, but GTA Vs singleplayer is still good.The racing in this game is really great. The racing control and the racing skillcap in this game are in really good places. A skilled racer will beat out an unskilled racer consistently, all of the time. Really fun.The problem with racing at this point is that theyre arent many maps that are made by Rockstar, so in order to get a variety of race maps, one must use community maps, which are notoriously unreliable and are not usually well made. Without community maps, racing can get fairly boring.Racing also may require you to get some better, but significantly more expensive vehicles. The payout of racing is not enough to purchase these vehicles, so if you want to get into racing, you have to try to make money in free roam. This can be distracting for those who want to get start racing without going playing free roam at all.Combat is really fun, and with this new Gunrunning update, you have way more tools in your arsenal than ever before. Theres a huge array of weaponized vehicles, gun upgrades, and car upgrades, and they all contribute to a really fun combat system.Unfortunately, combat in freeroam can be fairly onesided if an unskilled player is facing a skilled player, or if a lowlevel player is facing a highlevel player. With many combat options like the Heavy Sniper and Minigun locked behind a levelwall, many lowlevel players will simply be disadvantaged in open world combat.It also feels really good to ruin someones day by killing them constantly. Passive mode is available for those who choose not to participate in combat, but most people who make you mad enough to kill them will refuse to enter passive mode until several kills have passed and they give up. Its a good idea not to make other people angry in free roam, especially for lowleveled players of whom cannot completely fight back.Overall, at 60, I wouldnt recommend GTA V. At its high price point, this game inexcusably frustrating for new players, and Rockstar seems to never offer any discounts or deals for this games high price tag. However, for those around the Level 110mark, this game can be fairly enjoyable. However, it takes months of play to get to that mark, and you really have to dig to find something fun to do in this game that isnt moneyoriented.Try playing in larger sessions to avoid straying away from conflict, its really what makes this game. Try out stunt races in cars like the NeroCustom and the X80 Proto. Try making some nice looking outfits out of the wide selection of clothing this game offers. Try creating the best racing motorcycle out of the Hakuchou Drag or the Bati 801 or 801RR. Try shooting people who make you mad. This game isnt good for those who want something really fun to do its for those who want a very many semifun things to do.This game might be worth it on sale at the 25 mark. 