Single PlayerIf you intend to buy this game solely for the single player, dont bother. Although the single player story is decent, with some pretty funny missions and moments, R has decided to abandon single player expansions in place for GTA Online content for making more money. If you wish to buy this game for the single player, get it when its like 10 or 15, NO MORE!GTA Online WorldThe Online world multiplayer of this game revolves around using ingame currency, which can either be grinded or bought using Shark Cards, to buy stuff you want. From cars, weapons, garages and apartments, everything that you want, you will need earn cash to buy. The only problem is, the payouts for doing missions ansd heists the best ways you make money are constantly being nerfed and / or patched by R to get you pay your real life hardearned money on Shark Cards. There are many different kind of shark cards from Red Shark 100,00 for 2 to Great White Shark 8,000,000 for 60, this is how R want you to get the in game cash to buy your stuff. The Great White Sharks 8,000,000 may sound like a lot, you may be thinking you can buy a lot of stuff in the game with that... wrong! The way the pricing works in the game will make you burn through a lot of that cash on maybe a few super cars and maybe a high end apartment... FOR 60!This price gouging becomes increasingly more obvious with each DLC released. New vehicles are dripfed, with one vehicle sometimes every week sometimes longer in an attempt to try and prolong the life of the game and also encourage people to buy shark cards. And if you wanted to try a vehicle out in the single player in order to maybe avoid wasting your multiplayer cash on it, guess what? YOU CANNOT! It was decided to make these vehicles multiplayer only so people have no way of testing them in singleplayer prior to purchase to see if they want them.If you do not wish to play in the online open world, then you can always do some online modes from racing, team deathmatch, heists, missions and more. However, the match making system used in this game is one of the most appalling system I have ever scene in gaming. If you want to find, for example, a random race, you will start searching. If a race is not found, you then have a decision to find a DIFFERENT type of mode job adversary or TDM or host your own race, there is no try again option, no return to open world option. And heres the reall kicker! If you choose to look for a job in a different mode and fail to find one, it then asks do you want to join a race in progress?. I mean what the hell! That should be the first damn option you get, not to look for a different type of job! Trying to find a job of the type you want to join can take up to 20 mins, and then when you get in, you have the risk of disconnecting, being kicked or a game bug getting you stuck on a loading screen can be quite frequent. This combined with an excessive quantity of modes most of which nobody plays and low payouts can make finding and playing jobs truly frustrating.It is clear R and its parent company TakeTwo Interactive have no interest in fixing current problems in the multiplayer scene, they only have an interest in shutting down money making glitches and loop holes which make heists easier all for the sake of milking as much money as they can from you.If you do ever intend to buy GTA 5 for its multiplayer, WAIT FOR IT GO ON SALE and do NOT buy shark cards! You are better off farming your own cash or running into a hacker who can gift you cash not condoning it. Also be aware that the points I have noted are the main points I choose not to recommend this game. There are still many other problems with it... 