Pros The solo play campaign is rich, and rewarding. It challenges you to make judgement calls while also offering difficult game play against outrages odds. All of the characters are fun, and definitely offer an escape from reality. Whether you enjoy killing, stealing, or whoring, or a simple game of tennis then this game is for you. You can put off the quests and screw around or do side mission after side mission forever. The ending is a challenge, but it allows YOU to make it which I always appreciate in games. Online game play constantly has content updated into it with the Free launches of DLC. Missions, heists, criminal activity, all added every so often to keep the experience new and fresh. Nonsense EVERYWHERE. You can play with friends, or randoms, on the very large map. Rarely is their peace between players, but the turf wars can be fun. Sometimes you just want to grind your missions and make dough and you keep getting interrupted but thats GTA for you. Rockstar put a TON of time in this game. Their are even TV shows and short films you can watch in the game on your homes TV or cell phone.Cons Solo play is fun, but doesnt offer you a realistic expectation of the meat of the game Online. You get rich fast in solo, which leads you to believe itll be the same in online. WRONG. Hackers. Are. Everywhere. Nothing worse than finishing a mission only to be teleported into the sea miles from shore, or have aimbotting asshats spawn sniping you until you leave. And if the hacker is kind, and gives you dosh, report it because Rockstar will punish you and take all your dough, and if you spent it, itll be compensated one way or another. Grinding takes forever, and rarely will people allow you to do your missions to make money. As a CEO I mostly break even from missions because Im often stopped, my cargo destroyed, or vehicles wrecked by other players. You can make solo lobbys through jumping through loops but eventually others will join and its a hassle to keep remaking. Do stuff with friends and you wont have as big a problem. Content is all the same, missions the same, and no new heists. Some of the vehicles are great, and things look real nice, but its all just resprayed from a previous thing. The Warstock vehicles are all cool though, so there is that at least.All and all, I give the game a big thumbs up because Ive had countless experiences Ive enjoyed and still love booting this title with friends to play with. Just dont buy shark cards, Ive bought this game four times over, maybe more, with how much in shark cards Ive bought.