Alright, so at the time of me making this comment Ive logged in 500 hours. I think this is the perfect time for me to say my piece. Dont buy this game for Online. Tis not worth it. If you want to get it for the story only though, it isnt worth 60 so I cant recommend that either.Now, thats not to say that I havent enjoyed myself up until now. Because I have. But the thing is, this game has really gotten  over the years. When it first came out it was perfect. Well, perfectish. There was a clear goal and leveling system. Sure there were tons of bugs and ways to exploit money n but at least it was fun as hell.Then, came those damn updates. Guns that unlock at level one and ruined the progression, auto rockets that pretty much ruined helicopters but not really jets, the usless ing yatch, the new super cars that you really only wanted because they looked good, and now the damn Gunrunner DLC that has completely ed everything.I mean like, elephanted. the new APC that can be bought at any level as long as youve got the cash is n more powerful than a tank, which is level locked! The motor bike that can fly and shoot rockets and while we are on the subject of rockets, why the hell can the APC spam rockets fast af and have unlimited rockets but the bike only gets 20? Seriously? The new Mk. 2 Guns, which look badass, are not even that much better. And dont even get me started on the explosive rounds for the .50 which can two shot a jet.Then lets get started on how godawful the ing community is. Granted, I was one of those guys who just killed people, but I digress. The community in this game has got to be the worst Ive ever seen and I play both CSGO and Rust. Then there is the thing about the ing modders and their t.Overall, I wouldnt hold my breath if you want to buy this game nowadays bacuase its glory days have long since passed. If you want something to sink your time into get an MMORPG or somelike that. Hell, at this point Id even be willing to give n COD another shot.Also, on an ending note you Take Two and everyone that thought it was a good idea to go after the single player modding community. you all can suck a fatfor that t.