GTA V. Good story mode, much more mechanics than IV, different driving and rag doll physics.. already too much debate and info you can google on that, thats why i only wanna focus in the gameplay and overall experience of the online and collect and analyse the biggest problems with the game in a midly readable review.As for it, I still dont know if i like the game more than i dislike it.Im a big fan roleplay servers in SAMP, and the fact that i have to install a 3rd party client to play that game mode here, is sad.Even then Im not a big fan of playing with 32 or less people versus the SAMP svs 400 people in a map half the size doing something similar to the money farm and jobs like in SAMP but mostly with bots and a occassional encounters with players, for me that makes get boring pretty quickly.After the small rant, lets see what online has to offerBasically the main game mode called freemode is a grind deathmatch with RP elements.Activities are miscellaneous and some created by the community. Races, DM matches, fights in or against weaponized vehicles, and a long etc.You join 32 player max sessions or solo sessions. FiveM developers, the creators of the 3rd party online client mentioned earlier, are working on breaking this limitation and making possible servers with 64 or even 100 player slots. I dont see Rockstar devs working on this....You can own different types of properties. Some are for vehicle storage only, some as bussines buildings, and some to do missions/heists which are coop missions with other people. More in that in a minute You get to buy different vehicles. Not getting in depth, but some are cars, helis, planes, military vehicles with guns, anti explosives and bulletproof windows armored vehicles and special vehicles with crazy features, like rocket propulsion or bunny jumps.Important points you should consider before buying.1.Friends or solo?Its fun AF with friends.If you play solo its still pretty good but the experience wont be nearly the same as if you played with friends. You can make friends in game pretty quickly. Let alone freemode stuff, some work and coop is better to so with people you  know.2. Grindfor That Auto.By far the BIGGEST flaw of online.Pretty much every nice thing costs about 2 million. EVERYTHING. And for this, you have to consider that the most money you can grind in 1 HOUR of NON STOP grind, would average 200k. Sometimes 400k.. really depends on what bussinesses you run, and tha is considering you ALREADY OWN certain useful vehicles to get you through easier and bussiness buildings to be able to start some jobs, which alone would be not cheaper than 2.5 million. Oh my god. Good luck with that of you are a new player.New update cars? pay 1 million or 2 million each.New update properties? Pay 1 million up to 3 million. EACH.Want a car that is faster than the average street car you can hijack? Pay 200k AT CHEAPER, Or stick to boring slow sedans and undriveable muscles. And still be prepared to be outruned by almost every user with a more expensive car, which make up 90 of players you find in your average lobby.Its not very hard to make money once you have bussiness running, but for that exorbitant prices forget about trying ALL of the new or existent content without having to use glitches, cheats, or buying shark cards.Grind is not necessarily a bad thing when its well done, but GTA Online game mode is NOT a RP server with 100 people peacefull folks to make more bearable the jobs, you dont have chance to be and play a character, because 1 out of 3 people you will rarely encounter in the sea of bots, will try to kill you or destroy your work cargo, nor in between all the ways to make money all are fun or profitable.3. Connection problems.Its very common that you have to setup your router settings to make the game work properly. In PC at least after hours of research and trying things, only disabling uPnP which in theory was enabled to SOLVE connection problems in games i was able to play without connection errors most of times.And this is not MY issue, its a common problem in this game.Yet to get rid of all that i had o activate DMZ for my IP, which would make my router naked against malware.... thanks Rockstar.4. Heists.Not much to explain but this has to be the best part of the IMO. Basically multiplayer missions. Everyone gets a role and they have  succeed since team work here is a requirement. If someone messes up, you have to restart. Consist in a series of setup missions followed  final heist, which is longer, harder, and more complex than the setups, but it also pays much more. From taking down some targets, to stealing a plane, getting deployed while your team defends you from a chopper, robbing a bank, etc. Good and very fun way  make money.5. Tryhards.When in game mode, this individuals usually have owned a lot of the stuff available to buy, and start to find joy only in messing up with other players with less firepower. They kill you over and over, destroy your work vehicles, your cargo, not only killing you but making you lose potentially dozens of thousands. I really feel to point this out because it can get very annoying, but you can always switch servers.6. Cheaters/Hackers/ModdersBasically someone with a trainer that can do anything. Some are  very chill and nice people tha even give you money Note Spending modded money can get you a temporary ban and your account wiped or hang out doing crazy stuff only possible with a trainer, like spawning top tier cars and racing, but others... oh my. They bug you, insta kill you. destroy all your vehicles, even kill multiple people using your name so everyone would think you are the hacker and more stuff i would get old naming... unfortunately this players are not uncommon on PC. Again you can switch servers but if it wasnt for Rockstars lame anti cheat and lazy moderation, this wont be such a big deal as it is now.As a quick note, load screens are insanely long, averaging 1.5 minutes. Understandable but not less annoying.Thats about enough to know. Has flaws enough to get you mad and wonder if Rockstar spends money on improving and maintaining their games or they fully run the greedy bussines tactics other big companies do, yet all that not being enough to make you want stop playing.As Mr. Ross Scott says, i love the games that get you lost in their lore and make you want to play for hours and hours potentially ruining your personal life. Those are the best games.Definitely a love/hate relationship with this game.