I recommend GTA V for the single player but not the multiplayer. As usual, the game has a fantastic story and plenty of things to do until the end of the game. Once finished in single player you end up with nothing left other than to venture into the online world. This is where things get ugly. The massive amount of time needed to get any kind of income going to purchase things is outrageous. That said, there are other ways of getting money without the need to buy shark cards. While I dont condone this method I do understand the reasoning players choose to do this. You will always have the selfrighteous folks who claim cheating is bad and hacking is wrong but when you take a game that went from being fun to a grindfest, I can understand the modders reasons.Overall, the multiplayer is good, its just the people that are in the lobbies that are the problem. Freemode is freemode, you can do what you want at will. People get upset when you blow their stuff up yet they are willing to play in freemode, you know free. There are ways to get into a public lobby that has no players other than yourself to get what you need done but they dont bother with that and would rather whine and complain. Furthermore, hackers in the game can spontaneously explode you, steal your money, reduce your rank, or increase the previous.Everything that is worth doing in the online portion costs millions to get started. Want an office? Thats at least a million there unless you get it on sale. Want an apartment? That isnt too bad, 250,000 can get you started. Want a warehouse or vehicle warehouse? There goes another chunk of money. Need transportation to get the missions done that isnt a vehicle so they are actually plausable without help? Go by a buzzard for over a million.None of this would be a problem if the damn game didnt take ages to get this kind of money. I dont mind working for what I need but Im not going to commit this game as a second job to get it done. I should be able to enjoy the game for what it is and not what the developers want it to be, a cash cow.As it stands, I recommend the game for the single player only. After having for an apartment, MOC, office, cargo and vehicle warehouse Im done. Ive logged in three times over the past few weeks and logged right back out at the thought of I need to grind to get stuff done. Sorry but no thanks. If I could give separate ratings I would, Single player yes, Multiplayer no. 