Do not buy this. Its really not worth it.Im talking about the game as a whole not just multiplayer... The story is good and it all has its moments, but the positives are severely outweighed by the tidal wave of annoyances, design flaws whether severe or insignificant and restrictions. For having 265 million to work with in the budget, they really missed bullseye by about a mile. Let me give examples...The cops? Their damage is petty, and the only real arsenal they have is to send a not even in around unlimited amount of helicopters at you to keep your wanted level up and wittle you down, making it literally impossible to lose them unless you chuck a grenade at your feet and scream at the sky I WANT A REFUND. Dont even get me started on the crystal ball they use to track you down no matter where you are or how stealthy you were. Its legal mental torture at this point. Once they do chip off all your health after about 2 hours, what do they do? Online They impound your vehicle so you have to either break the law and possibly get stars again by carjacking someone just to get to the impound without having to walk 16 miles. Its not a real obstacle, just a massive pain in thethat makes you proudly against BlueLivesMatter.The story? Decent but boring. It had alot of moments that were memorable, full of excitement and adrenaline, humorous and worth the while. However, it is at a balancing point of love and hate, with the cutscenes being funny, badass and crystal clean, and the gameplay and missions being just plain boring. It always feels like youre playing the exact same mission over and over again, with some dude in your ears telling you what to do whilst theyre off having tea and crumpets with another character. Its dull. Very dull.You all know the cars right? a staple of Grand Theft Auto? Yeah, chuck those out the window because youre never going to use them. Theyre purely for Hey, I can buy this car because I have money hehe xd, untill you need them, which you wont unless youre down to your last legs in terms of transportation. I mean they literally have a flying bike with missiles on it for s sake. You cant even replace your personal vehicle in single player, it always defaults to your characters  car for Immersion purposes.You know online? The only real thing people can play on GTA nowadays? Dont bother going there because its full of toxic players, tryhards, modders, braindead players and the poor shmuck that thought he was getting a good game. They completely ed it with explosive snipers, jets that can outmanoeuver homing missiles whilst spawncamping you until you go passive, expensive asf shark cards and free dlc how generous thats either full ofthat noone wants or something so overpowered it s up the whole game for everyone who cant grind enough money to get it or counter it. This part of the game is literally DESIGNED to make you be a prick to other players and legitimately tells you to blow up the result of other players long hard grinds just to give you a tiny bit of satisfaction and a cheque of money that you already wipe yourwith as a level 10.You want my advice as a test dummy for this? Take the main characters, the car customization and that one nice person that you found online out of the hundreds of and get the  outta dodge because those 3 things are the only good parts of this game, and even they have their flaws. Grab yourself a bowl of popcorn, a drink and a comfy bed, and simply go on youtube and watch all the cutscenes because thats the only part of this game youd ever want to play twice.TLDR the price of this game is up but the price of police helicopters isntmy arms hurt 