I have wasted more than 600 hours 200 hours of loading screen even when I have computer for several thousands . It was a fun, but only with friends, because this game is about it. Then Suckstar Socialjustice has started to do their dirty things. Tons of modders/hacker/cheater, whathellever you want, are ingame on daily base and destabilizating ingame economy enviroment which is forcing you to spend more hours or buy overpriced Shark Cards, which I have never bought. 31th August Suckstar Socialjustice took almost all my money, only 49 000 remaining. I have never cheated/hacked/glitched/modded in this game at all, not even in SinglePlayer. I have reported more than 50 hackers/modders/cheaters when I was 100 sure. They are still playing without any punishment, but I and many other polite and honest players are punished for nothing. I have contacted support, of course they are using automessage bot, because most of their tickets are some kidbased stuff, when those childern dont know how to plug their mouse in or something, so they dont care about it. I can mark their reply as OFF TOPIC, because it was absolut nonsence, what they have sent me. Graphic of this game is very disqusting, too old, it doesnt evolve or something, its just a same S H Y T as always. I have seen some videos about graphic mods, but i have never used them. Combat inside GTA is very unreal, when you shot someone into his head, he wont probably die in this game, guided rockets are very S H Y T T Y, and military aircrafts havent flares or any countermeasure systems. Rhino tank is for one person, WHICH IS TOTALY NONSENCE, YOU NEED ATLEAST THREEtwo when stacionary members to operate this vehicle, but ONE ? And I am not speaking about that machine gun post which is clearly seen, but unmanable. What about elevation, huh ? Of course, there is no physics, only despawning system. Cops can spawn right in front of you, and this town has no limits on them, its just infinite factory. I do not recommend you to play, or even buy this game, because its failure, parody, experiment of allinonepackage which is not even worthy to buy or spend even a minute.PS I am not from englishspeaking country, so dont judge grammar, but the content.edit S H Y T   was replaced with Socialjustice hearts... 