After over 1300 hours invested in the game in both single and mostly multiplayer, it pains me to give a negative review to this game. Let me preface that this has been my favorite game of all time until this point. The mistakes made herein by R are so damaging that the community cannot even function in remotely the same fashion as it has been for the last four years.Starting with MP, the gameplay decisions made by R regarding online in the last year have been greedy at. The latest multiplayer update introduces so many balancebreaking features its nearly impossible to play in any manner that isnt DayZlike self defense. The latest update has enabled modders to break the game even further for defenseless players by incorporating blantantly overpowered vehicles and weaponry while increasing the cost of such items immensely. It has encouraged the purchase of SharkCards like no other update prior. Because without cash, youre as good as ashes with this update. Everything is so unforgivingly expensive that if you arent modding, arent buying SharkCards, or arent already sitting on a wad of cash, you have one hell of a fight just to get your car across Los Santos.And of course, lets not forget the elephant in the room. The cease and desist of OpenIV. It was the saving grace of GTA. It gave GTA V longevity that its developers couldnt replicate. Thousands upon thousands of modding videos on YouTube garneringof combined views are now useless. One of the biggest gaming communities on the earth with thousands of contributors, millions of users and players are now at a loss without modding. Modding videos, funny moments videos most of which have mods, and other modinspired GTA videos such as roleplay, cinematics, etc are now a relic of a bygone era. Rs easiest and largest source of free advertisement is now utterly useless. The income of several YouTubers has also been damaged due to the sudden, unprovoked, and unprecedented actions by R and its publisher Take2. The amazing GTA V Redux mod and others like it are now trash. The hundreds and thousands of hours and passion developers have poured into mods for the game are now for nothing.I have singlehandedly convinced dozens of people to buy GTA. I have bought GTA V for several more. After this, I regret ever making that mistake. After everything the fans have done for R to put GTA V where its at now just feels like a stab in the back. I can only presume that RD2 will fall to the same fate... Perhaps R will learn in time for then. Until now, any future release just reeks of distrust and greed. 