Ive never owned a Rockstar game before two weeks ago... Im not a fanboy saying this F Rockstar.I got the game as an early Xmas gift... two weeks I played up until Xmas... put in the grind, loving it, racking up 700K in game and a couple low level properties...Then on Christmas, Rockstar offers everyone a free Hermes muscle car... all you have to do is order in ingame from the dealer, free on the site, and it will be delivered... well, myself, along with countless others, clicked for the free car... YAY!But then the game deducted the cost of the car, 535K 70 of what it took me two weeks to earn...Its a cool car, but I would have never spent that money on that... 500K in game is 10 real life money in their microtransacrtions... I wouldnt have paid 5K in game for that car, cool as it is...Well now Rockstar is apparently making it right for some, and not others... I sit here days later waiting, along with many others, for the refund that they said on their support site was coming...Well it comes for some and not others... as I type this, people are posting screen shots of their refunds...I dont know why this is so hard... If I drop 10 on a card shark, that money would be in my account right now... why cant they do the same for a refund?And is that refund ever coming at all?Did they somehow determine that only some of us actually deserve the refund? Did they determine I did something wrong? I dont mod, clean install, and have a perfect VAC record in many years on Steam...This whole things is BS...This is no way to run a company.Again not fanboy anger... this is empirically wrong.Its a fantastic game... Ive loved every minute of it... Ill keep playing it... but Im not spending any of the other Xmas money I have on steam, on these guys...I wont give Rockstar another dime. Ever. Fantastic introduction you guys made to me...On December 28th, Rockstar corrected my account for the amount that was taken for the free car... some people are still waiting...Its absolutely BS to be working so hard on a mission only to have some kid destroy your cargo from the safety of his office with one button...Stupidest mechanic in the world... there is no defense for it. Just a blatant griefing tool.Still playing it a lot a month plus after getting the game... I love the game butYou have to do things to make a session conducive to playability... griefers are everywhere, on every server... so you have to fudge the game to get a private server for you and your friend to get 20 minutes of grief free play...You can save up all your money, or spend on sharks, to buy that tank to attempt to slow down the griefing, only to be met by some kid with 134253561 billion hacked dollars, who can destroy you instantly with the games legit magic button...Im sure you will think someday Ill have the toys and beat those griefers... but you wont... unless you hack too.Its unlike any other game its absolutely a blast when it goes well... but youre going to have to bend the rules and research tricks just to get some decent play time in.And dont fall for any of the well give you X amount of money if you do this... promotions... Im still waiting on the 200k I was supposed to get for signing up for their mailing list... and Im still waiting on the 1.25 million I was supposed to get for buying a single 20 shark during an exclusive promotion that was available to me in a loading screen...Theyre a clumsy company with a great product... unfortunately the company is entrenched in the gameplay, so does affect you.I play this game a lot... more than any other game I own right now... but I only enjoy it because I bend the mechanics of the game to play without grief. If you cannot do this, or if this is a pain for you, you will not enjoy this game.Unless you like grief, I cannot recommend this game.I did end up getting the promised promotional money after I sent in a ticket and a little wait... but by then, I just didnt care anymore...Im not really playing the game anymore. 