Im going to sepperate this review into three different parts. One for the actual game pros and cons,  secondly the singleplayer which I recommend  and finally multiplayer which I dont recommend which I will rate individually and in the end, the overall rating from 110 that I would give the game.GTA 5 as a gamePROS Great engine Any pc from the last 5 years will run it Great graphics Great animations Great optimization Great story Great characters No online modding most hackers/griefers have been banned as of June 2017 Incredible scenery and map design Incredible vehicle designsCONS Terrible interface obviously designed for console players Terrible hud customization Terrible character customization No personel character you are forced to play what developers have chosen Terrible tutorial Get ready to watch a lot of bad youtube guides on how to play the game Terrible multiplayer tutorial You honestly need a friend to teach you how to play multiplayer and get you started Terrible multiplayer character customization lots of clothing and gadgets, barely any character options Terrible online toxic community Abysmal online loadscreens Armageddon bad mission/lobby system Awful keybinding settingsBecause the game is very unfriendly towards PC players and the only viable way to play the game unless you are a griefer/hacker in multiplayer, is in closed friends sessions. Which are great fun, but I am still going to judge the game on ALL of its content, rather than just some parts of it. And all of the online multiplayer is currently a massive mess that needs to be drastically simplified, as a whole I would give the game a 5/10.GTA 5 singleplayerDefinately lives up to all the hype and is well worth a buy. The story is amazing and you get sucked in right from the start. You follow and play as several character, each with their own unique and interesting personalities. The main story mode is in fact so good that I would recommend it over anything BioWare has managed to release since Mass Effect two.You will be entertained from start to end!The game offers a wide variety of activities besides the main story and you really get to try out your skills as a driver, pilot, GaNsTaR, heck... you name it. Its GTA and it is a LOT of fun! Fly choppers, drive tanks, wreck havoc on the city of Los Santos beyond your imagination. Its like being a kid again, the fun just doesnt seem to end.There are a few setbacks however, the load and lunchtimes are terrible, but considering how well the game runs with little to no fps drops is incredible. Graphics are great, effects are great and there is tons of adult content. I honestly cannot recommend the game to anyone below the age of 14 as it offers extreme violence, graphic deaths, drugs, sex, alkohol, nudity, pornography, snuff and much more.I honestly didnt believe the game would live up to all the hype, but it sure did. Well worth a buy! The singleplayer experience I would personaly rate as a 9/10.GTA 5 Online multiplayerIf you play this mode, I certainly hope you like loadscreens. Its not even that my pc specs are bad, they are in fact good, but the way the game is designed well, here is an example.1. Receive mission offer2. Open phone menu3. Navigate to mission4. Accept mission5. Loadscreen6. Mission lobby min 1min waittime before anything happens7. Loadscreen8. Someone leaves and the session is automatically ended9. Loadscreen10. Repeat This is stupidity beyond comprehesion. Oh and this is the Quick Job option by the way, which will waste 510min of your life where you dont do anything.In order to progress in the Online aspect of the game, you have to do Jobs aka missions with friends. As such, this game can be a lot of fun if player COOP with IRL friends. But the Online stuff is nothing but a mess. Why the heck isnt it like this?1. Click Join Quick Job2. Loadscreen while other players automatically join3. Play the mission! This is how it works in most COOP/Multiplayer online games and there is a reason why it is used, that is because IT WORKS.In COOP however, the gameplay can be extremely fun, mostly because you can quickly navigate through the horrible menues, dont have to wait on people or worry about getting killed by other players out to ruin your experience. Rockstar implemented a Passive mode which can be enabled where players are unable to hurt you, but then you cannot do missions. Its a terrible system in its current state and needs a lot of work.So although I would rate the coop as a 6 or 7, all the other online aspects certainly drag down the rating. Especially, becasue getting to know how to play the multiplayer is downright impossible on your own. And the Online tutorial is so bad that it will leave you frustrated.So if only a small part of the multiplayer works and I downright wanted to quit that part and never try it again, I cant give it more than 1/10.ConclussionThe game is tons of fun, and I still recommend the game due the singleplayer and coop experience, but this online thing should have never come with the game and the interface needs a LOT of simplication. So its 591/3  overall score 5/10. 