For me, Grand Theft Auto Vs extraordinary scope is summed up in two favourite moments. One is from a midgame mission in which I flew a plane into another plane, fought the crew, hijacked the thing, and then parachuted out and watched it crash into the sea to escape death at the hands of incoming military fighter jets. Another time, whilst driving around in an offroad buggy, I got distracted by something that looked like a path up one of the San Andreas mountains. Turns out it was a path, and I spent 15 minutes following to the summit, where I nearly ran over a group of hikers. Typical! one of them yelled at me, as if he nearly gets run over by a rogue ATV on top of a mountain every time he goes on a hike.I could go on like this for ages. GTA V has an abundance of such moments, big and small, that make San Andreas  the city of Los Santos and its surrounding areas  feel like a living world where anything can happen. It both gives you tremendous freedom to explore an astonishingly wellrealised world and tells a story thats gripping, thrilling, and darkly comic. It is a leap forward in narrative sophistication for the series, and theres no mechanical element of the gameplay that hasnt been improved over Grand Theft Auto IV. Its immediately noticeable that the cover system is more reliable and the autoaim less touchy. The cars handle less like their tires are made of butter and stick better to the road, though their exaggerated handling still leaves plenty of room for spectacular wipeouts. And at long last, Rockstar has finally slain one of its most persistent demons, mission checkpointing, ensuring that you never have to do a long, tedious drive six times when you repeatedly fail a mission ever again.Grand Theft Auto V is also an intelligent, wickedly comic, and bitingly relevant commentary on contemporary, posteconomic crisis America. Everything about it drips satire it rips into the Millennial generation, celebrities, the far right, the far left, the middle class, the media... Nothing is safe from Rockstars sharp tongue, including modern video games. One prominent supporting character spends most of his time in his room shouting sexual threats at people on a headset whilst playing a firstperson shooter called Righteous Slaughter Rated PG  pretty much the same as the last game. Its not exactly subtle  he literally has the word Entitled tattooed on his neck, and the ingame radio and TVs outrighttakes dont leave much to the imagination  but it is often extremely funny, and sometimes provocative with it. Grand Theft Autos San Andreas is a fantasy, but the things it satirises  greed, corruption, hypocrisy, the abuse of power  are all very real. If GTA IV was a targeted assassination of the American dream, GTA V takes aim at the modern American reality. The attention to detail that goes into making its world feel alive and believable is also what makes its satire so biting.Grand Theft Auto Vs plot happily operates at the boundaries of plausibility, sending you out to ride dirt bikes along the top of trains, hijack military aircraft, and engage in absurd shootouts with scores of policemen, but its three main characters are what keep it relatable even at its most extreme. The wellwritten and acted interplay between them provides the biggest laughs and most affecting moments, and the way that their relationships with one another developed and my opinion of them changed throughout the story gave the narrative its power. They feel like people  albeit extraordinarily fedup people.Michael is a retired con man in his 40s, filling out around the middle as he drinks beside the pool in his Vinewood mansion with a layabout son, airheaded daughter, serially unfaithful wife, and very expensive therapist  all of whom hate him. Franklin is a young man from downtown Los Santos who laments the gangbanger stereotype even as hes reluctantly seduced by the prospect of a bigger score. And then theres Trevor, a volatile career criminal who lives in the desert selling drugs and murdering rednecks a psychopath whose bloodthirsty lunacy is fuelled by a combination of methamphetamine and a seriously messedup childhood.The missions flit between their individual stories and an overarching plotline that involves all three, and its a credit to GTA Vs versatility and universal quality that each character has his share of standout missions. As their arcs developed I felt very differently about each of them at different times  theyre not entirely the archetypes that they seem to be.This threecharacter structure makes for excellent pacing and great variety in the storyline, but it also allows Rockstar to compartmentalise different aspects of Grand Theft Autos personality. In doing so, it sidesteps some of the troubling disconnect that arose when Niko Bellic abruptly alternated between antiviolent philosophising and sociopathic killing sprees in GTA IV. Here, many of Michaels missions revolve around his family and his past, Franklin is usually on call for vehicular mayhem, and extreme murderous rampages are left to Trevor. Each has a special ability suited to his skills  Franklin can to slow time while driving, for example  which gives them a unique touch. Narratively, its effective  even offmission I found myself playing in character, acting like a midlifecrisis guy with anger issues as Michael, a thrillseeker as Franklin, and a maniac as Trevor. The first thing I did when Franklin finally made some good money was buy him an awesome car, because I felt like thats what hed want.Trevor feels a like a bit of a getoutofjailfree card for Rockstar, providing an outlet for all the preposterous antics and murderous behaviour that otherwise might not fit in with GTA Vs narrative ambitions. I found his violent insanity a little overblown and tiresome at first. As getout clauses go, though, its pretty effective, and Trevors overthetop missions are some of GTA Vs actionpacked highlights. Its a successful way of solving a problem thats prevalent in openworld games the tension between the story that the writers are trying to tell, and the story you create yourself within its systems and its world. Grand Theft Auto V accommodates both, masterfully, allowing neither to undermine the other.The actual act of switching between them also provides a window into their individual lives and habits, fleshing out their personalities in a way that feels natural and novel. Pick a character and the camera zooms out over the San Andreas map, closing back in on wherever they happen to be. Michael might be at home watching TV when you drop in on him, or speeding along the motorway blasting 80s hits, or having a cigarette at the golf club Franklin might be walking out of a strip club, munching a bag of snacks at home, or arguing with his exgirlfriend theres a good chance that Trevor could be passed out half naked on a beach surrounded by dead bodies or, on one memorable occasion, drunk in a stolen police helicopter.It could be nearly anything, because there is a bewildering multiplicity of things to do in the new San Andreas  tennis, yoga, hiking, racing on sea and on land, flying planes, golfing, cycling, diving, hunting, and more. The missions are an able guide to both San Andreas locations and its activities, touring you around the map and whetting your appetite for independent exploration of it all. The way that were introduced to San Andreas never feels artificial  the map is completely open from the start, for example  which contributes to the impression that its a real place, somewhere you can get to know. If GTA IVs Liberty City feels like a living city, San Andreas feels like a living world. I saw people walking their dogs along the beach in the country as I jetskied past, arguing on the street outside a