If you dont really care about the online side of the game, get this game!If your primary reason to buy this game is for its online aspect, then please be aware that youll have to grind money for many, many hours in order to unlock the most fun things.Its really a great singleplayer game! Yes, it has its flaws and yes, I wouldve liked to see some things done differently, but its still one of the most solid GTA games ever made in my opinion dont cry San Andreas, youll always be my favorite baby. The thousands of mods available will make sure theres always something new to do in case you ever get bored of the vanilla game. Props to the developers on delivering this to us gamers!Unfortunately, a lot less great. Dont get me wrong, it can still be fun. In fact, I used to enjoy playing online. Heists and all that were great and just freeroaming in the world was fun most of the time. For me this all turned around the moment the update with the big expensive ship was released. From there on I felt as if the most fun things were getting locked behind such a high price tag that youd have to grind hours upon hours to get the money for it. This is not at all what GTA is about in my opinion. I do support having to earn money to buy things, but as it stands today its all way to much of a grind.Another unfortunate thing is that there are still a lot of modders to this day. On the one side youve got your fair player grinding away to unlock stuff. On the other youve got modders spawning everything they want in a matter of seconds, and if they want, who can really annoy other players playing in the same online session.A third thing is the shark cards you can buy with real money. Apart from the fact that I totally despise this business practice, the prices are so outrageous that Im not even going to waste any more time raging about them.Im thumbing down because I feel the devs went the wrong direction with the online part of the game, which to me is at least as big of a part as the singleplayer part.