Lets talk about the good sides firstThe single player story is entertaining and has a bunch of stuff for you to do fairly standard for GTA gamesThe dialogue in both SP and MP is witty and funny There is extreme attention to detail in the game worldThen we get to the bad stuffInsanely punishing PayToWin in the Online multiplayer Everything costs ludicrous amounts of ingame currency, which is hard to grind and way too expensive to buy with real moneyLoading screens will easily take 23 minutes. Which is especially frustrating to deal with because...You have a loading screen when you join the game. Then, if you want to play with your friend and theyre not in the same session as you, youll have to go through another loading screen to swap sessions. Then, whenever youre entering or leaving a building, you get hit with another loading screen. Then again when youre trying to join an activity. And again when all the players have joined and the activity is actually starting. And again once the activity has ended. And to top it all off, sometimes youll just get a small connection error that forces you to go through the session joining loading screen again. This game has earned the nickname Loading Screen Simulator for a reason.Horrible playerbase. Youll notice that a large portion of my complaints are about the Online mode. This one is no exception. The players youll find in game are toxic on a whole other level. And Ive played LoL, CoD and R6S extensively. Theyll talk trash, theyll keep killing you with the tanks and jets bought with their moms credit card, theyll keep interrupting and destroying your play while youre trying to do the money making activities even though they get essentially no reward for it making the first con I listed hurt even more. And its not JUST nasty players its hackers too. Rockstar has taken the punish perpetrators some days after theyve broken the rules approach, rather than the more playerbase friendly Invest in proper anticheat software that prevents this from happening in the first place kind. In other words Prepare to get teleported on top of a building along with every other player in the session and then promptly getting blown up by an rpg.Lastly, the nail in the coffing, the final reason that Im writing this review right now Take Two Interactive, the publisher of the game, has declared singleplayer modding of GTA V to be illegal. That is unacceptable. You cant go sending legal threats to people who are donating their time and effort to make your singleplayer game more customizable and enjoyable to YOUR customers, the people who pay YOUR salary. Its shortsighted, its evil, and its different from essentially every single other game companies approach to the matter.If you have 60 you really want to get rid of and have loved the story of every GTA game before this, go ahead.The same applies if you have 1000 you want to get rid of and enjoy the thought of mowing people down with a big pile of money while getting deservingly called an  in the chat. 