Where to begin...This review will mainly focus on the online portion of this game. If your intent is to play offline, disregard everything Im about to say. In my opinion, there is not a single enjoyable aspect of this game that cannot be experienced in the singleplayer game mode.I hesitate to call GTA V Online a pay to win game. Although you may certainly pay your way into more online cash to spend, there is no winning to be had. It is not possible to win at a rigged game. Rigged how? Why, by all of the hackers of course! One game you may be killed dozens of times by an explosion under your feet, which acts as a ranged spawn camping device. Another, you may open your inventory to find millions of dollars not earned, but given to you by your modding benefactor. The online portion of this game is simply a cesspool of hackers, modders, and cheats.The very first online job I queued up for was one of the Dawn Raid missions. These are basically team oriented shootouts with an objective to find a transmitter and get to the extraction point while holding it. The first round was quite enjoyable there were multiple backandforths between the two teams, but we were narrowly defeated in a multiway shootout inside the extraction zone. At the start of the next round, all of our parachutes were locked up in midflight, and we plummeted to our deaths. Upon respawning inside of the plane, we were all greeted with our old firend, Spawn Camping Explosion. While the hacker ran the transmitter, both teams ended up dying on repeat for the next 4 minutes or so. I ended up being 013 by the end of the round, while everyone else from my team had left around death 5 or 6which is penalized btw.From my experience with the game, I would say you have about a 50 chance of encountering a hacker each time you enter an online server. I experienced less of this in missions, but would still give it a 1020 chance. If you dont mind waiting at the ridiculously long loading screens to switch servers, and dont mind leaving missions when a hacker is present, maybe this wont bother you as much. 