EDIT Take Two has revoked its modding ban via taking down OpenIV. Mods are allowed in single player again. However, this review and its recommendation will remain as is, as a reminder that these companies are capable of screwing over their fanbase at a moments notice, and they do not learn from their mistakes well. They deserve no reprieve.The game had a decent launch I guess. Didnt get it immediately. Played the game a lot with friends during the good ol days.Multiplayer PvP balance is broken. Always has and always will be, and thats not me being butthurt, thats just the rule of the game. Weapon Obsolescence is a real thing in this game. Like that shiny AR15? Just use a minigun. Oh you like the minigun? Okay now learn to aim and just use the Antimaterial Rifle. It would seem that power weapons, which put all the damage into a single shot, are king. Theres no point to any automatic or pistol so long as you have money and a good aim. Why even buy an automatic at all?Dont get me wrong, im not advocating for the nerfing or removal of these weapons, being unfair is intrinsic to battle and war on every level in general. I just want my rifles to be just as relevant as those power weapons so i have a reason to use them in pitched combat.Single player is nice. Though it is now under attack, if not destroyed outright for anyone wanting to play after the story.I of course speak of the War on Modders and mods in general.Rs apparent overzealous hate of modding and mods in general came to my attention when some of my friends found that R literally spent time hardcoding a wall so custom, mostly nongameplay altering textures couldnt be used, instead of fixing actual issues like making a better counter to hydra griefing or long load times. While I didnt use any cosmetic texture mods, some of my friends did. So I lost the ability to play with them. A move I find unnecessary, especially with its prejudice blanket blocking of nongameplay altering textures.Then Single Player was attacked.GTA in the past has been known to have extremely fun, funny, and stupid mods for its single player that some have achieved lengendary status.I write this on the eve of Take Twos Rs publisher destruction of a tool called OpenIV, which to put simply is a platform augment on which to add and use mods. Singleplayer modding is effectively dead. Keep in mind, R DOESNT UPDATE SINGLE PLAYER, so anyone turned off to the idea of multiplayer miss out on a lot of content.TLDRThe game is not as fun as it used to be, despite the added content.The devs and publisher hate you and your creativity because they want to control everything to do with the games content.This game has no modding.You either play under their ever increasing number of authoritarian rules, or not at all.Not as Open as we thought.... 