This game is great. Theres a reason why its one of the best selling games on earth. Theres really nothing else like this, and anything that is like this will never live up to this.A lot of people on steam are whiny entitled babies. Heres a few things Id like to debunk from playing this game for 500 hours.1. Hackers are common. ones are rare, it happens. If you dont enjoy it just switch sessions. Or play jobs I literally never see any hackers when I am out doing races, deathmatches, survivals, etc. They all frolic in free mode.2. Anyone down here crying that they were banned for literally no reason saying I ground so hard for all that money! is probably lying trying to get un banned for their stupidcheating. Ive played this game for years, and really the only way to get banned is dropping money for yourself/others. Or getting so many reports that rockstar actually does something about it. I have been friends with countless modders and hackers and they are pretty power drunk people most of the time if Im honest. But sometimes they can make the session better if youre not a baby. If you start telling modders to  off and that youre reporting them they ARE going to ruin your fun. If you dont like it that much find a new session, easy as Pause  Online  Find New Session. Or easy as One Two Three.3. You CAN legitimately afford the stuff rockstar markets. You want a Luxor Delux? Buy a hangar, buy regular Luxor, paint it gold. Badda Bing Badda Boom. Back in my days on PS3 I could probably make 200 grand a night grinding missions. All you need to get started is to buy a Bunker, I say the bunker because you dont need to also buy a warehouse like the CEO Offices. Normally people dont mess with gunrinning shipments. 90 of the time they destroy your stuff its just for the sake of destroying your stuff toyou off. Because people are like that. Whenever you want to sell mass amounts of goods, youre gonna need a few friends and theres plenty of guides on how to get a solo public session you can just invite your friends back to, then sell your stuff before anyone joins.4. Theres a lot to do in this game, I find myself patrolling free mode basically allll the time and I have personally gotten bored doing it. Many people do this and then get mad that they cant go inside perticular buildings, and do this and that, and give it a  review. Me and my friend were bored in free roam one time and I asked him if he wanted to play from versus missions and races and stuff. So we went and tried it out and we actually had a lot of fun. The rockstar created job lists are massive. And theres even a creator to make your own stuff which I have utilized many a times over the years.5. You dont need to buy everything, that isnt the goal. To say theres an end goal to GTA Online would be like saying theres a specific end goal for everyone in life. After you reach the max level 120 you just keep leveling. I am like level... probably 230 something now. I have everything I could ever want in GTA Online however, I find myself never using a lot of it. Some things are annoying to not have in GTA Online like a lot of guns/ammo. I have all the guns and tons of ammo for them all, and I sort of feel very vaulnerable when I play on my alternate character which is only like level 70. Back when he was level 20 it was hard fending off rocket spamming 3 Kdr players that stat pat. GTA is just basically an open world crime game where the only objective is gaining a higher net worth.6. If you like cars its a pretty good game, Open world, youre not limited to sports/race cars like some racing games. if you like pickup trucks or SUVs theres plenty of those for you to own. You can own up to 120 some cars and you have the freedom to do with them as you wish be it racing, drifting, or wrap the son of  around a tree. You do you man. But as a car enthusiast GTA V is my favorite game. The guns and the planes, and the boats, and everything else is just a huge bonus when I dont feel like doing car stuff.7. The developers are active, they kind of have to be though so its not a surprise, but I find a lot of good games on steam develop very slowly and updates are few and far between. But Rockstar keeps it pretty up to date with new content. Although it would be nice to see that content in Singleplayer like you guys used to coughAnd uh, singleplayer.God its been years since I played the story, but its good, thats what all the hype and all the love came from in the first place and we cant forget what a great game this was. When it was released it was the benchmark for computer performance, can I run GTA V? GTA V Budget PC builds. This is really a classic game that I believe lived up and beyond its predisessors. And dont give me that Oh but GTA IV had better AI and better car damage and it was more realistic! because yes GTA IV did have some details left out from GTA V, but overall this really didnt ruin the game and probably wasnt even noticed by most people until that guy on youtube made that GTA IV is better than GTA V video. Which has 10 million views and people are making reaction videos to it. But I can understand that they basically remade the game from scratch. Unlike the Saints Row transition from III to IV. If youre going to copy and paste a game I am going to be upset that you removed details. But if you remake the game from scratch and its bigger/better. I can ignore some missing details like, how pedestrians stumble when theyre pushed.Everyone is comparing their experince to value, I dont care about the money if I enjoyed this. If I randomly get banned Id buy it again honestly. Rockstar has a lot on their hands to turn heads with GTA VI, and honestly I expect a heatwave similar to Call of Duty Advanced Warfare upon its trailer release because PC gamers are ing spoiled and hop on mob mentality band wagons like Bad Dragon products. For example when they banished OpenIV. There was an influx of over 40,000 negative reviews in like 3 days. People just came toon GTA V and rockstar because everyone else was doing it and it was cool. If you ask me hackers make the game more fun in Online. You really just have to be creative. Before YOU leave a negative review think about if this is a game youd really enjoy in the first place. Because its not just a shooter. You wanna play GTA V multiplayer with mods online? Get FiveM. Its great. And probably exactly what you want. 