According to Steam I have played something like 460 hours on this game, but that also doesnt consider the two years before that I played this game on play station three before I got this on steam. Ive owned this game now since it first came out and Im going to be honest, it has been like watching the decline of a great empire or celebrity from legendary to the gutter.GTAV when it came out was an amazing product, it had an odd but still worthwhile campaign with an impressive reconstruction of the LA area and a great social commentary about the world we live in now. It was everything weve come to expect from this series and people were right to light candles in its name. GTA Online was the same when it came out, a really different type of game to anything that weve seen before. Its why I didnt just spend the money buying two copies of the game for myself, and then a copy for my partner, I also spent a great amount on the shark cards as well. In all, Id say Ive spent 600 on this game, and until the 400 mark I thought it was money well spent.But then the game did decline like an LSD addled celebrity. Rather than making the greats we loved and knew them for, they started to completely change where they came from and its become extremely off putting. For starters, the game has become ever more like the recent Call of Duty series, ever increasingly filled with explosions and more stupidity. Some of it was good, but the rest of it has just been terrible. Its made the game seem shallow and encouraged people to go from properly playing the game to just running around with nothing but a one hit explosive sniper.And thats the problem with the DLCs, they have completely devalued the game. When the super yacht expansion came out, the idea of charging 3 million in game dollars for a single item seemed bad, but liveable. We thought it would be some sort of long term base of operations and activities and in the end wed all learn to love it. Needless to say, that yacht is the literal definition of ingame buyers remorse. And its now the bottom of the pile of DLC after DLC where every single item for sale comes with a multimilliondollar price tag which would take an average gamer more than a week to grind for just to buy the basic version you have to obtain just to do the unrewarding missions and get payed pennies for.So you look to buy a shark card or two, which even the most expensive 100usd one wont buy you more than two of the high priced items that came out in the last DLC, or the DLC before that. The yacht was dropped in the game and just abandoned by the developers the second it hit the game. Then we all purchased the bunkers for arms smuggling, never to be touched or developed again, despite the fact this most recent DLC has made us go and purchase a nearly identical underground bunker which should have just been an expansion and that hanger that came out two months is starting to get its first game developer cobweb. It would be quite possible and you could argue necessary for a person to spend more than a thousand dollars buying shark cards just so that they can play this game, all so they can purchase an online world increasingly looking like a pile of disregarded expansions and cyber white elephants. Regardless of whether hacking has damaged the games ability to make money, its wrong to go after many legit players and make it impossible to play without purchasing cards. You may as well have just charged for the DLCs or a monthly membership that was worth our time and money.I used to want to give Rockstar money because I thought when this game first came out that it was worth the money and the product and expansions they made deserved to be rewarded. Now, between the wallet destroying updates and the complete lack of value in shark cards, I now completely sympathise with anyone who benefits from illegitimately bringing money into this game. People talk significantly about how the media industry has brought about the piracy crisis it faces, GTA has brought upon it its own hacking problem.So I would say if you want to buy this game, buy it back in 2014, dont buy it now. If you still for some reason do want to do it, you will need to spend at least 6 to 8 hundred dollars on this game for you to be able to access the goods and products you now need to own to survive in the game world. Also, you will need 3 or four people to play most of the online missions and operations, and you need friends who are consistently on the same time as you, otherwise you are going to be very alone and very poor in online.So dont buy this game anymore is what Im saying. And hope that Rockstar and Take Two wake up to what they are doing and how they are poisoning their own well, because Im going to need a lot of convincing that GTA will be worth investing time and money for in the future. 