Whatever you do, DONT buy this game. Or at very least, stick to the SinglePlayer campaign. This game is the worst example of how a bigname game can extort money out of its customers with branding alone. Disclaimer, the actual single player campaign is phenomenal. Good story, great characters, fun gameplay, its easily the best part of the game, and I think Rockstar didnt even intend for it to be the prime selling point.The online mode is what Ill be talking about. Its ing abysmal in every sense. Let me start from the beginning with this dumpster fire. Before you can play this game, you have to install all 80 gigabytes of it. Now, granted, its a huge game. There is a lot here, so thats not my complaint. However, when you get into the online and you start thinking back to all of that space and what you couldve used it for, it does actually become a negative. Now, after youve waited hours for the download and install process, you get to actually play the game. Ignoring the Singleplayer entirely here, were going to jump right into multiplayer. What are you greeted with? A load screen. No big deal, every game has to load, right? Only this one is a patiencetester. I recommend having your phone nearby so you can watch a video or play a game during the process, because trust me, its going to load. Ive sat through almost 2 tenminute long videos just waiting for this trash to finish loading. Once youre finally online, you can begin the grinding! Oh God, too much grinding. If youre not blessed with the luck to find a random friendly modder willing to load you up with millions right off the bat, youre going to have to sit through a bunch of boring repetitive missions which are just slightly more playable than a TI84 calculator. Its all designed to make you want to purchase these stupid Shark cash cards which are ridiculously overpriced. To give you an idea of how much grinding youll be doing, a decent car will run you about 500k. You can earn about 25k within an hour doing bland missions or partaking in poorly balanced games with  payouts. One survival mission set took me and two other guys nearly half an hour to beat and cost us 3k in armor, snacks, and ammunition. The payout for countless bodies dropped? A cool 15k. Chump change in GTA. Whats even better is that theyoull need to make any decent money is in the millions of dollars to own. Want to steal nice cars and sell them for a profit? Something to the tune of 2m, and the missions are designed so that youll never get a full payout. Why the  is there an attack chopper following some car barely worth 20k? So that youll lose money and cave in to buy their  cash cards. Youll also have to worry about some  with too much time and money just looking to make your life harder. This game rolls out the red carpet to s who find joy out of ruining your and the missions are designed to give you as much chance to lose all of your investment along with it. I havent even started talking about the hackers yet...Oh boy, the hackers. For a game with this many microtransactions, youd think itd have topnotch security to help those who are in the thick of it at least have a fair time right? HAHAHA NOPE! This game has no designated servers, it all runs on P2P netcode, which means there are more anticheat measures in Valves tirefire games. You will meet scriptkiddies on a ing powertrip, and their sole reason for playing is to make your life miserable. I had one  spawn a literal campfire inside my player character, so I kept burning to death. Id spawn and die ten seconds later, losing any money I had on hand. Even better, passive mode doesnt doeither. Surely you can kick them though, right? Lolno, that would require Rockstar actually programming something! And its not like a one time isolated incident either, I left three servers in a row only to pop into a new server with another modder. Learning how to force myself into a solo server was the only way I got as many hours as I did in this game.Long story short, while Im usually against pirating, just pirate this one. Or buy it and be a hacker. As for me, Im done with multiplayer. 200 hours I couldve been playing any other game and I feel cheated after looking back on it. Dont play multiplayer. Just, dont. 