I approach women and they insult me and run away, just like in real life!Hillarity from the singleplayer campaign aside, let me review the online with pros and cons.ConsIngame microtransactions in a 60 dollar game100 dollars gives you 1, I repeat ONE vehicle!Rockstar made things like car upgrades and ammo more expensive to make you more likely to spend money on the game.Rockstar made it so you randomly lose your ammo throughout activities wether you die or not so you will have to buy more of it, have less money and be more likely to spend money on the game.This is a load screen simulator.If you wanna join a heist, the game will make you unload, THEN check if there is actually room for you and if there isnt, THEN you will have to LOAD back into the session you were already in. Why do we have to load twice? Why do we have to load before the game even checks if there is room for us?? ?Rockstar hates fun and removed your ability to replay missions, so now you have to go through THREE loadscreens if you wanna play the same mission again instead of just 1.Rockstar desperately wants people to spend on their price gouging microtransgenders and will therefore make the game worse. They have the option to maybe balance things to make them less profitable but keep them fun, but this is Rockstar and they have chosen to fall.Griefers ahoy.The game always displays everyone on the map.You can be killed in passive mode.Forced PVPMany activities simply dont pay enough, sometimes not even enough to cover the ammo cost of doing them!Many of the more expensive things in the game are either useless on their own or completely outclassed by cheaper ones.Some missions that shouldnt encourage players to kill you actually do encourage and reward them for doing so.Many missions ending zones and objectives are known to griefers and they will camp there for hours to at least annoy or stop players from being able to do their missions  many players do this even for missions that do not reward griefing.We cant allow mission/heist members into our vehicles? wtf is this? We can either lock our cars to everyone, friends, friends  crew or no one, but not lock it to the people we are actually on a mission/heist with.The game can just never sync with the cloud. My game has been trying for 10 days now and hasnt succeeded once.The servers are unstable and may disconnect you at any timeThe game has big issues with alttabbing or pressing the windows key, leading to major lag which leads to your game unloading you from your current heist/mission/session/online. I found that my issues disappeared if I stopped running wallpapaer engine, but others are not so lucky.If the game freezes up for just a little bit, it will disconnect you just to  with you.If the game loses connection for even a short time, it will disconnect you instead of trying to reconnect you like other games.When you receive a message on the social club, there is no easy way to check it! You open social club and theres nothing there. You go to social and theres nothing there. You go to message the exact guy who just sent you messages and theres nothing there! Instead you have to go to social club, open the option wheel??? and then you will find your messages hidden there. Why the hell was this done?Missions from NPCs reward you less money the quicker you do them. This makes no sense. Youd think theyd pay you more for express delivery, but nope! Instead the slower you are at a mission, the more it pays you per mission, but somehow you at the same time get paid less per minute. This system is just screwed in the head and doesnt make sense. Then again R wanted to make the game more appealing to the masses, and that means making missions easier and paying more for doing less.There are no significant punishments for bad players within the game.The game is almost a griefers paradise, making legit play online worse than it needs to be.Cheaters ahoy!Tanks can blow themselves up because sometimes the projectile collides with the barrel of the tank. This is unacceptable from a AAA developer.ProsGood graphics.Nice cars.Cool helicopters.Cool planes.Voice acting!Gradual progression.Mission variety like assassinations, racing, stunt racing, transform racing, theft, espionage and a few others.You can own a business.You can have NPCs working under you that will take your bought or stolen goods and produce wealth for you to enjoy.Clubs!Illicit drugsSexViolenceStrippers!But most importantly GUNS! 