I have this game on both PC and Playstation 4.I have spent triple my steam hours on this game in total.Was it worth it? Single player yes, GTA Online not so much.At first when the basic Heist were released making money and buying things in this game was relatively fair.But ALL new GTA Online DLC content has FreetoPlay priceing. Everything is extreemly expensive.It could take far over 100 Hours to get a yaht. As of writing this I have 112 Hours and im nowhere close to affording it.On PS4? Still no. Probably 200 Hours on there and im still pretty much broke. I only spent money on getting a high end apartment and just a few vehicles to help me make more money.All new vehicles price points are insane. All the best stuff can take over 200 Hours to get one of it.Heck, they added a Glider to the game. I saw a real one on the internet for 2,000. The one in GTA costs 665,000...Now you might be saying well maybe you make so much money they have to raise the price.. No.It took me around 10 Hours to get almost enough for that vehicle when working for CEOs. And yes the Glider is useless, there are vehicles with 4 seats and are bulletproof for the same price that came with the basic Heist DLC when the game was fun. This just goes to show how much they jacked the prices on all new stuff.Everything new is built around SharkCards AKA Microtransactions.What about the new Heist they just added? Does it help you make good money?I dont know. I cant play it as the Host. You know why? Cause I have to pay over 1Mill to Host it. I dont have 1Mill.I was actually willing to put up with a little grinding to get it but all of my friends arnt interested in playing this game anymore because of how hard it is to get new stuff.GTA Online looks so fun when Youtubers play it. But when you play it for yourself its a whole other game.Why? Cause they can afford SharkCards. They can buy anything they want. They can play the game without grinding.This is also why a big portion of people hack GTA Online, cause for many people its boring without hacks. Much less people would hack money, if they could get money without hacking.Hacking and buying your way through is the only good way to have fun anymore.I hope that Rockstar would fix this, or atleast not hurt their new titles with this same marketing choice.If its so bad then why isnt the entire comunity freaking out like the EA situation? Because GTA is old and the only people left are people who like grinding, or have the money to buy their way into fun stuff. Meaning theres not alot of people left to complain. 