The singleplayer is good if you have not played the game yet so if you plan to JUST play singleplayer then go for it.If you plan to play online or buy just for online, change your plans.The new update gives us a new heist called the doomsday heist with 3 acts each about 45 hours long. The heists are fun the first time round as you get to use flying cars, jetpacks and more. With good dialog and a somewhat amusing story to follow. Sounds good right? Nope.To play the heist, you must buy a Facility. 1.25 Million to play the ing thing. Pay setup costs then do prep missions before you can do the setups and main heist with are not in freeroam. Preps are ONLY allowed to be done in public freeroam lobbies with people trying to destroy your stuff for a bit of cash. You can skip them however so that good, for only 95,000! It gets better trust me. No one makes money doing the prep mission, everyone but the host makes money on the setups and for the host you must complete every act to make your money back from buying the CHEAPIST facility with NO extra features. The new vehicles are about 2 million  3 million each  the cost of upgrading them AND needing to own a facility with the cheapest being on the opposite end of the map from the city. The heists dont give that much money in comparison to other heists, warehouses and the cost of entry to play them.  And the laser beam of death? 900,000 to buy then 500,000  750,000 each time to use it once.This is not just the heist. This problem is everywhere you go in the game. Bunkers are over 1 million without any upgrades. CEO offices and 1 million then you have to pay more for warehouses for cargo 250,000 for 16 spaces, a pain to complete with the biggest killer being boredom and to steal  sell cars 1.6 million cheapest  tons of time to set up to earn maximum money. Same problem for hangers, same problem for any vehicle that does something more than move and researching upgrades in your 1 million  bunker has the same system as a free to play mobile game like clash of clans.The grind at this point is too much if you dont play this all the time, as a new player dont even brother. Tons of better games out to buy and play that and I would go as far to say that MMOs past and present are less grindy than GTA online now to get all the different buildings and decent vehicles.Even on sale at 20 it only worth it for SP, this game is not worth more than that. Over 20 for GTA is a scam and at that price it still a ripoff in terms of value for money