Let me apologize up front.  This will be a tldr for most of you, but I need to say it.GTA V is a good game, made by a very talented developer.  Moreover, its an exceptional PC port.  It scales well with a wide variety of hardware, and both of the major graphics vendors are equally catered to.  Ive stated in other forums that GTA V is the bar by which all PC ports should be measured.....but!While I understand and appreciate the distinction between developer and publisher, they are representative of one another, and there is such a thing as guilt by association.  Thats why parents always warn their kids to be careful of the company that they keep.  So Im sorry Rockstar but youre getting thrown into this too, because frankly your silence on the matter is just a damning as Take Twos actions.Through the years my general impression of Rockstar and Take Twos attitude towards gamers and the PC gaming community in particular is apathetic at best and in some cases downright hostile.  Be it, their abysmal customer service, banning of players through no fault of their own, or their general inability or, more accurately, unwillingness to release timely PC ports I know, I know, your meager 1.78 billion in net revenue in the previous fiscal year just isnt enough to afford the extra talent it would take to get it done  Suffice to say, their reputation as a customer oriented company isnt the best in the business.  The recent actions against OpenIV is merely the proverbial straw on the camels back for this particular consumer.As a long time fan of your games, Ive personally purchased numerous copies of many of your games across a variety of platforms.  GTA IV  Xbox 360, PS3, and PC.  GTA V  PS3, Xbox One, PS4, and PC.  Ive also spent over 200 on in game currency for the PS4 version.  So you can call me a lot of things, but you cant call me cheap.Ive actively advocated against used games sales for many years now.  I personally believe that if a developer makes a quality product then they should be rewarded for doing so.  In my opinion used games sales work against that notion so I have, to the best of my ability, avoided them.  I currently own 3 to be exact, and I only own those because at the time of purchase new retail copies were no longer commercially available.  So, though it pains me to say it, I will to the greatest of my ability work tirelessly to see to it that you never...NEVER receive any monetary compensation via new game purchases or in game content from me going forward.  When RDR 2 launches I will buy it, and I will play it, but you can rest assured that even if I have to pay 70 six months after launch just to get a used copy, I will do so gladly before I support a company who treats the communities that support them with such blatant disregard.Sincerely,Disenchanted Customer