With almost 80 hours into the game I can tell you that I have accomplished almost nothing since I first started. Now granted the campaign is great and is just about the only reason you should buy the game. Other than that its not worth the time nor the 60.Online is awful, not entertaining, stressful and chaotic. With modders in just about every lobby youre thrown into you pretty much get stuck in place with a ufo over your head or you lose all of your weapons. People so desperate for money that theyre practically begging for money drops because everything in the game is super expensive. Or youll get what happened to me which the modder took all of my money 900k. I contact rockstar support in hope that I could be reimbursed. What do I get instead? Pretty much them telling me that they cant do anything in a negative and rude way. This is only the beginning of my disappointment.The new update smugglers run. Pretty much a giant kill session where people in jets rain explosive bullets down onto your cargo and destroy it, which makes their cargo worth more. Now of course you can get vehicles that can help you fight off the war mongers, only at small price of 1 million dollars. Just about every single piece of equipment on Warstock is above 1,500,000 which makes it almost impossible for one to purchase after you get done buying everything else. So youre basically suffering in your cargo runs until you scrape up enough. Oh and dont forget to buy a bunker which is about another million, not including the upgrades that you ALSO have to buyLower ranks have it the hardest. All you can rely on is jobs from Martian or Lamar until you have enough to buy a car and an apartment. Getting the jobs isnt the hard part, its completing them. Once you start a job be prepared to wait about 520 minutes until you get enough people to initiate it. Heists are the same way. Sometimes youll get lucky and have people join pretty fast. Although theyre all low ranks who have little experience or no ammo cause they cant afford it. The only way to actually get ahead in the game quickly is to either have friends to do all the heists with you or purchase a shark card.Whats a shark card? Its an ingame purchase where you basically buy ingame money. The smallest being a Red Shark card 100,000 in game money 2.99 and the largest being a Megalodon Card 8,000,000 in game cash 99.99. So its either work youroff until you get enough money to buy one thing or pay actual money.