Dear TakeTwo Interactive As they call themselves, Ill refer to them as plain stupid to be honest.Lets all just take two minutes to understand what has happened.Basically, TakeTwo just pulled a huge weapon againstthe OpenIVteam ordering them to stop distributing and working on their modification tool. Now this has left many in rageincluding me, they claimed it was screwing up the GTA Online experience for other people, but really if they would havebothered to check TakeTwo would know their claim is just full of t.It seems like TakeTwo is just really trying to destroy the creative gaming community of GTA V, I joined because of the great creative community, and believe me, if that community dies you will lose me, you will lose a huge amount of people playing this game most likely. I believe there are many people who bought this game because they could do so much with it, but now, let us not rush this.People are saying that TakeTwo shot themselves in the knee, that is not true. They cut their wrists and are currently bleeding out, slowly and painfully.And dear Rockstar Games, you wrote this, i found it on your site.We have always appreciated the creative efforts of the PC modding community and we still fondly remember the awesome zombie invasion mod and original GTA map mod for GTAIV PC among many other classics. To be clear, the modding policy in our license has not changed and is the same as for GTAIV.  Recent updates to GTAV PC had an unintended effect of making unplayable certain single player modifications. This was not intentional, no one has been banned for using single player modifications, and you should not worry about being banned or being relegated to the cheater pool just for using single player PC mods. Our primary focus is on protecting GTA Online against modifications that could give players an unfair advantage, disrupt gameplay, or cause griefing. It also bears mentioning that because game mods are by definition unauthorized, they may be broken by technical updates, cause instability, or affect your game in other unforeseen ways.And I agree with what you wrote, but really here is the thing. OpenIV cant doto harm GTA Online, maybe there is less people playing GTA Online because they have more fun in singleplayer, but they bought the game, some probably pirated it. But even if they did pirate it, most of the mods require you to have a LEGAL COPY of GTAV. Dont let TakeTwo  you up rockstar, buy yourselves out, GTA V is going to get ruined for the most part if you let thisgo down.And please, do pay some respects for the content creators on youtube/twitch struggling af with this.Well that is all, to the OpenIV team, I fully support you which is why i wrote this. This is just ruining the HUGE modding community of GTA V, dont buy this game as thisis going down. TakeTwo is screwing it over with online gameplay and anti modding policys.drops mic