so, full disclosure i got banned for using a mod menu online.I bought the mod menu because it took forever to make money in this game. You could do rooftop rumble and make 20k before they lowered that amount to like 10k for 20 minutes of work.They introduced CEO work, but all it takes is one 10 year old in a jet singing the trolololo song in his head to make sure that you dont make any money from that. Same situation with the later added MC.You can do heists, but half the time it doesnt load, and 3/4ths of the times it loads you cant start because someone fell asleep while waiting for it to load, then half of those successful times one of the people blows themselves up with a rocket because  it, why not.So, ultimately youre left with a choice, pay 10 for lifetime access to a mod menu which is essentially unlimited money, or 100 for 8 million gta dollars. You can get 2 of the new cars and halfway upgrade both of them for 8million.What I did with the menu was so much more than money. I didnt even end up giving myself money after my inital 30 day ban. I spawned cars for people asking what they were like to drive, I spawned blimps for me and my friends to fly around and have fun with, I flew people around in a school bus. I was finally permanantly banned after logging in, driving my car on the water to my yacht, and then repairing the damage done to said car in the process.Looking at the reviews, the modding problem hasnt gotten much better, and i got banned easily 6 months ago.On top of all of this, they still charge 60 for a game that was released first in 2013, again in 2014, and again in 2015. This game is almost 4 years old, and they are still charging full price. ON TOP OF the insultingly high shark card prices.This whole thing with single player modding doesnt even make any sense, because its not like single player has received any new cars since 2014 anyway. Which honestly sucks because I really enjoyed the story that was told.Forgot to mention that online is a joke now anyway, flying motorcycles, tron bikes, tanks, military grade helicopters and jets, a car that can jump 50 feet in the air and then deploy an unlimited amount of parachutes, an electric car with a jet turbine on the back, and so on.I can no longer support either of these companies, and I was strongly considering RDR2, but I cant morally justify giving these people any more of my money. 