First and foremost, I want to say this post is a little vulgur and I have  out the cursing. Also, this is quite thought out, so there is a lot to this review. Also, if I say T2, Im referrring to TakeTwo. So here it goes....Well.... GTA 5 is f. I mean, personally, I loved the game. I got it on PS3, PS4, and PC. I Preordered the game TWICE PS4 and PC for christ sake and waited 10 times longer than the original release dates. I spent over 300 on the game itself and the microtransactions that is Shark Cards in GTAO. The only reason I got the PS4 version was because it now had firstperson, which was unreal for a GTA series game. And then with the PC version, not only because of the astonishing graphics that can be achieved with a great computer, but the fact of mods. I sat head over heels waiting for OpenIV and ScriptHookV to be an official thing. Modding GTAIV with LCPDFR and other mods was my life so to speak, and couldnt wait to see it in the next gen game.But then someone decided to be a prick and mod online and ultimately fingerf every PC player they have. OpenIV had NOTHING to do with the problem. And they EXPLICITLY STATE that they DO NOT CONDONE OR SUPPORT ONLINE MODDING. I tried to launch online with mods installed just to see if it would work and sure as the world, OpenIV gave me an error stating something to the effect that mods were in place and couldnt be used in online. And the sad thing is, the OpenIV team hasnt made a dime from the mod itself. The only thing theyre getting out of it is enjoyment because they want mods in the game just as much as we do. And yet theyre the one getting shafted....Rockstar didnt have the gonads to just ban the guy who made the illegal mod and call it a day they whined to TakeTwo that a singular guy was giving them fits...and what does T2 do???? They send a f cease  decist hope I spelled it right to OpenIV, and do absolutely NOTHING to the chap that made the illegal mod. R had ONE option, and that was to contact the guy and tell him to take the mod down or criminal charges would be enforced. Sounds pretty simple for a Billion  company that has a Top 5 best selling game. But no, they want to do it the hard way. They came up with this insane idea, everything went how it went, and now they are suffering from it.Because they dont make a dime off people in the single player, they force everyone to online, and thats where the money is made. And because the mods and that 5M Reborn server or whatever it was called is competition to them and their revenue, they shut all competition down. For a Fortune 500 company, theyre making enough money, no need to suck anymore life out of their own people just to see another penny.I have like 1,100 hours on record, I think, and I havent played a minute in the last 3 months. Mainly because I just lost interest American Truck Simulator, The Long Dark, Payday 2 and Tom Clancys Rainbow Six  Siege are some bomba games btw that have taken the place GTAV had in my days playing my PC. But now, why would I play? I never play online, I play strictly for Single Player Modded. If I dont have that, then good riddens to ya. Ill be d if I fork over another penny to TakeTwo or any affiliates, because clearly I spent 300 too many as it is. It especially hurts ny feelings, because of how loyal Ive been to the GTAV progression. H I couldve used that money for parts on my Jeep or towards a new graphics card which I already have a GTX 980Ti, but you get my point.The way I see it, they caused more problems than they solved. It couldve went smoothly and nobody even know what happened. But what they did was karma...and it came back to bite them. Theyre so greedy that theyll risk losing every PC player, and then some, just to squeeze a few extra bucks into their pockets. If OpenIV didnt shut down, T2 and R couldve easily got a 1 Million lawsuit out of them because courts would rule in favor of the big company, not the small business of 6 guys. But back to the karma, its showing. Look at the reviews on Steam. As of writing this, I have some some stats to show you. I also tabulated the s for perspective Keep in mind the numbers I am presenting are NOT equating my review itself, although my review would add to the negative side of the spectrumHopefully people see this as a sign, and hopefully that sign will backlash at T2 and R and will get them to fix their own problem. Becuase heres the thing. If people see the completely negative reviews to the game and see why, they arent gonna want to consider buying GTA or any other T2 game because they will see the T2 deveopers aswho could give a fly swat about their own players. Me personally, the only T2 game I got is GTA, but I would suggest not playing ANY T2 game or BUY any T2 game, so that their play counts and sale revenue drops. That, I believe, would be a wakeup call to them. A Fortune 500 billion  company losing revenue by making a deficit in  and players, is not got, and wont be on the list for long. And to add to it, this delimma will always be tagged to T2 and Rs name, like Baggage hosted by Jerry Springer .So when I say I dont reccommend the game, I say it because of what theyve done to the game for modders. Other than that, 10/10, would reccommend...but killing modding....WRONG DECISION. Theyon the wrong people. Theyon their own lifeline. If nobody is buying the games, they have nothing to stand on theyll implode and go bankrupt like Sears Holdings KMart and Sears. We are what makes or breaks the company....Think about that...............................................EDIT Nevermind the part about me saying how much time I spent ingame. Its like 241. And then I somehow got 0.3 in last two weeks. Guess it was from trying to lauch the game when the gunrunners update came out, in which it kept crashing on load, with no mods loaded. Oh well, dont matter now.