Earlier this year, I gave a negative review to this game to join the rant band wagon.  Now, I am going to give my honest review.  However, I will only touch on the online a little, because that IS NOT GTA.THE STORYI am by no means a fan of single player games.  I prefer online, coop killing action.  With that being said, GTA V NEVER failed to grab my attention with the story.  You are given plenty of options throughout your playthrough such as killing someone, or leaving them alive that impact the game.  The characters are without a doubt some of the greatest voice actors in recent video game history.  There is not a character in the game that isnt unique, and each one has an incredible backstory that you learn more about when you progress through the game.  There are also random events throughout the game that keep even the most basic driving exciting.  If it was from story alone, this game would EASILY get a 10/10.THE WORLDWhen it comes to the design and detail of Los Santos, I can promise that there is not a better open world in the gaming industry.  The colors are vibrant, the world feels alive, and the designs of certain areas are pure perfection.  Only games like The Witcher 3 can compare, so if that is something that you have played, you will be able to appreciate this world.  The parodies are a major bonus as well.THE GAMEPLAYI consider this the weakest link of GTA.  The hand to hand combat in the game is a major down grade from GTA IV, but the guns are a major improvement.  Everything feels very smooth for the most part during combat.  The cops function very well, and work as a cooperative unit.  The cars all feel amazing, and have unique traction and speed.CUSTOMIZATIONFrom clothing items, to paint jobs, GTA does not fail to embrace the freedom of choice.  You can completely change cars that you buy from the vast Internet that was created.THE ONLINEGTA Online feels almost nothing like the actual game.  However, it is still one of the best open world games you can play with your friends.  It is not nearly as fun without friends though.  The Online also fails at producing a fair market.  The amount of money that you earn is not nearly enough to purchase what you want, and it has been a major complaint from the beginning.  It is a shame that they have not yet added more housing or heists, but there is still plenty to do.  Shark cards are ridiculously overpriced, so I would recommend staying away from them.  Hackers are also very common.THE VERDICTGTA earns a 9/10!The base game is absolutely amazing and the game is definitely worth the purchase.  IF you are going to play online, make sure to grab friends!