I have played Grand Theft Auto V since the day it came out back in 2013, my opinion on then and now has changed ALOT. This game is probably the BEST... but it also could be the WORST game from Rockstar that ive ever played. But first, lets discuss the Pros1. The map is really great Of Course.2. The singleplayer campaign is awesome.3. Great Story.4. Likeable Characters and Npcs.5. You can change between 3 Protagonist Franklin, Michael, and Trevor.6. Each Protagonist has their own Unique ability.7. The driving is better than in Gta4 IMO.8. The gunplay and the introduction of a First Person Mode is awesome.9. The game looks really great, especially if you have the hardware to Crank up the settings.10. The side missions are suprisingly really good.11. Introduction of the director mode in pc.12. The modding community.13. Gta onlines adversary modes Recommended with friends.14. Gta onlines Heists again, Recommended with friends.there are more but im too damn lazy to write all of em.those are my opinions on the pros. Now lets discuss the CONS.CONS1. GTA ONLINE2. HACKERS3. BANNING MODS? WTF?! They have allowed it again but still...4. Shark Cards5. The Community6. Overpriced Items in gta online especially in the newer updates7. and finally its PayToExperienceEverything/PayToGetTheFullExperienceThere are more cons for sure but again, im too damn lazy.In the end, if youre looking to buy this game for the multiplayer. Play it with a friend because online solo sucks and the game is gonna be really grindy and in the end you wont have that much fun IF youre playing solo. But if youre playing with a friend, it can be damn sure fun. but if you want to play the singleplayer and never played the game before then you should buy this game because its worth it for the singleplayer alone, there are also alot of mods for the singleplayer. If Rock keeps continuing this behavior for the online portion for their next game. well its probably not gonna end up good for them.Singlepayer 10/10 MASTERPIECEOnline 6/10 WTF ROCKSTAR?!? as of the current state 