At first a few years ago I thought, oh, a new addition to the Grand Theft Auto collection. When I purchase any game or addon I wait a few months / years, watching the reviews get gradually better over time I decided to purchase the game, although I have very little experience or game time with this Ive found it is very resource demanding. Performance upon start up is reasonably good but a few stutters may occur, after that everything is fine. Gameplay and story mode is a good touch. Nice to see some little added effects, such as when rain drops lands on a puddle there is a small droplet effect. The creators on the other hands to me is only in it for the money, giving us little customer support is just a disappointment. And the price, Grand Theft Auto IV was almost half the price of this game and they are almost equal in graphics and total quality of the game. The community was able to give better and more thorough support than any of the staff Ive spoken to. Online mode is just a disaster. You start off with very little money and are expected to do what? One after another comes a 12yearold selfless hacker who just wants to ruin it for everyone. Spending real life money just for one simple car in the game, and yes, spending more to purchase upgrades for your needs is not even worth trying now a days. Developers could focus or even put their efforts into fixing bugs, UI problems and at least try to ban the person who is actually hacking, not the people they are messing around with by bringing them into your car. Once youre in it theres no going back, once banned all your money wasted just for an imaginary car that I brought for a few days and had it practically confiscated from me and stripping me of my access to the online feature. Purchasing your first house is just out of the list. Dont even think about looking at the prices of these. Stick to the very top of the list, or cheap side of the game and forget about everything else. Connecting to the game is the worst part, having to wait 10 minutes a few times made me think Im already connecting to online. But no, hell no. This was just to load up the menu. This would be the type of game Id like to play. Online, Friendly staff and members, clean server. But no, forget about it. Stick with the wonderful story mode to take your mind off thinking of going into multiplayer and just go with the flow. Its a 0 from me. 