Where do I start? I first bought GTA V for 360 when it came out and uploaded my character to PC when the game came out. I would still say that the main campaign is still great overall, but since R hasnt bothered adding any DLC or support for SP or expanding the experience while entirely focusing on GTAO I would say that I should review GTAO more than just the SP. It took them years to finally release heists, which to many including myself were lackluster. Making money to buy the content in the new DLC for GTAO has been a Sisyphian task for years in GTAO. R has historically nerfed payouts from missions while simultaneously increasing the prices of items in DLC content. The open world can be fun for a little while, but you will run out of things to do besides spawn killing randoms, or being spawn killed ad nauseum. Most of the missions are cutandpaste, fetch quests with little variety. The inclusion of fanmade missions did little to really improve the overall online experience. Years ago R introduced Shark Cards which are ingame microtransactions to buy fake money with real money. That further exacerbated the unrewarding nature of any vanilla/DLC content. It takes millions of dollars to begin to have fun and buy whatever you want in GTAO and the money goes very quickly. New content has you invest millions for only tens of thousands in return, unless you are willing to do boring, inherently flawed missions over and over and over.This leads me to my biggest gripe with how GTA V turned out the lack of meaningful content beyond surfacelevel reskins and restructured planned DLC that ruined the shelflife of my time with the game . R planned 3 single player expansions initially but that fell through in 2014 when the team lead as well as many that worked on it left with him. This signalled the beginning of the end of GTA Vs promising future content. It took them 2 years just to release heists, after promising them a month after launch, whcih were reskinned/restructured missions from the 3 expansionsI am overall disappointed with how the game has turned out and the future it lays out for GTA VI. R is more focused on manipulating people into buying microtransactions than producing great content.