Heres what I think of Grand Theft Auto 5s singleplayer.Its a phenomenal experience. From the streets of Los Santos, to the dry, arid desert of Sandy Shores, to the northern fishing town Paleto Bay, the game is incredible throughout. The driving mechanics are a near perfect blend of arcadey and realistic, with car performance being realistically simulated, but with speed and traction altered to make the cars handle more easily. The radio stations are unique and varied, all with incredible music and funny satire. The game world is magnificently detailed, no two locations could possibly be mistaken for eachother, even out in the wilderness or the desert. The story is fine, but it serves as a suitible wrap around the wonderful anarchy that makes GTAs gameplay so fun. The gunplay is fine, not more. Overall, the singleplayer alone is well worth the 60.Now, here is what I think of Grand Theft Auto Online.Like an estranged younger brother, GTA Online seeps off of the success of its cohort, borrowing the best mechanics and twisting them into something darker. While the driving, shooting, and open world from the singleplayer remain, the story is replaced by basic missions with menial tasks to complete and worthless rewards. The free, open anarchy is replaced by opressive, unfair tyranny by the players who have more on the players who have less. In GTAO, youre either in freeroam being killed by some bstard with a fighter jet, or an armored truck, or a sniper rifle or youre in a mission, grinding out cash and xp, so you can some day be the one on the other end of the stick, with the fighter jet, and the armored truck, and the sniper rifle. Or, you could take a shortcut and purchase your way to the top. The loading times are atrocious just loading in to the game is 35 minutes or longer, and between every single mission theres at least a full minute of loading in or out of freeroam. There is no substance to this game, and the only motivation is to have more than other players. That kind of toxicity is what fuels this games success. So unless you want to be a part of that cycle, turn away now.I cant deny it, Ive spent more than 1500 hours in this game, most of which are in online. This cruel system has sucked me in dont let it suck you in too.