So here is a little bit of a rant, stick with me and I appreciate it. So this game was fantastic, Ive played GTA Online for as many years as it has been out across all of its available platforms, which these days, is tough for any type of game to manage. Not too long ago, Im sure you all remember the modders of GTA Online sending all these negative reviews to Steam because their mod menu was taken away. They received their ability to mod back, and with it the ability to break the game for any legitimate players. When the Cease and Desist was reverse I was upset, but they werent any extreme game breaks mod menus short of getting you booted from the game forcing a restart, obnoxious, but survivable. Now let me tell you about the newest travesty that has been allowed in what I see as one of the greatest games of our time. There is a mod menu, that Rockstar allows in the ONLINE version of the game, that allows modders to BAN people from doing any sort of organization work. Now I am unsure how many of you actually are up to date with the game, so here is the shorter version. Multiple businesses and facilities were added to allow players to have more ways to make money through investment. Whether it be your bunker, your facility for heists, or you MC clubhouse, all of these REQUIRE you to register as a CEO or MC President respectively. And this is where st hits the fan, the most recent mod menu, allows people to outright BAN anyone from participating or starting their own CEO or MC organization, by using a feature that is only available in one of these types of work, only during a sale. To summarize, something that could absolutely never happen to players because they dont do the work, it now in a menu that utterly ruins the game for more endgame players because they lose access to all of their properties for about a half hour. The simple getting teleported and spawning in UFOs has always been annoying, but a precedent was set where the most of us just dealt with it and restarted. But this? This is a flagrant slap in the face to anyone who literally just wants to play the game legitimately, and modders can now muck all of that up for us. Thanks Rockstar for having no backbone, its making my GTA Online experience fanTAYStic.