Grand Theft Auto V is a fun and entertaining game. That is, if you have a group of friends to regularly play with in a private session. Ill skip to a Pro/Con list because its easier for people to skim. Ill post my long review at the bottom. If you have any questions, feel free to PM me or comment, Ill respond.Pros Entertaining Fun with a group of friends Customization for almost every vehicle and clothes. Fun races/stunts. Hours of funCons Takes forever to get money to do anything. Laziness of devs to fix issues to improve the game. Shark Card farm. Take Two and Rockstar have taken up a position of AntiModding which will eventually kill their game. Level Grinding is ridiculous. Poor decisions with content  i.e. mini racers is only 4 people Shark Cards. Public lobbies are terrible. Everything in game is ridiculously expensive so they can sell shark cards. So much more...Rockstar and Take Two repeatedly have shown little interest to actually improving the experience of players. This is seen in how much they push Shark Cards. Everything is ridiculously expensive, money is a grindfest to get, and every time they release a DLC they push more shark cards because everything is even more expensive. They make tons of weapons and vehicles out of reach of new players, and force them to grind to ridiculously high levels to obtain. But then also make them expensive as hell, so it takes even longer to acquire.Stunt races are a lot of fun, especially with friends. But thats an idea they took from what people were doing with the default races and then decided to find a way to make some money off it. So they added in new stunt vehicles and then added in Rockstar created Stun Races, which are fun, but just another way to keep people playing without fixing the problems. Problems like open lobbies.There are so many problems with open lobbies. For starters, if theres a hacker in the lobby youre in, and they drop a ton of money for you. That can get you banned. Even if youre not intentionally picking it up or trying to get it. Then there are the real  hackers, who abuse aimbots, god mode, cheap vehicles, and other cheats to teleport you around the map to die. Even if youre in your apartment they can still get you.Theres a lot more, but I genuinely just dont care.TLDR  If you and a bunch of friends can get the game for dirt cheap, get it. It can be fun. But I wouldnt pay anything over 25 for it, and even still, only if I had a ton of friends that wanted to play it together. 