So this review is not ALL about the recent crap involving Take Two AND Rockstar remember that Rockstar clearly didnt do anything to prevent this, so theyre just as much in the wrong. banning mods. No, this is a bit broader than that.My main fun factor in this game was the amount of stuff you can do, both in singleplayer which is clasically what GTA is all about and multiplayer. The story was pretty mediocre, the characters not too interesting, and the ending pretty boring. Its the game around the main story that was exciting. I liked the heists in both single and multiplayer I liked the single player version much more though. I liked driving dirt bikes up and down the country sides. I like robbing stores, or having shootouts on rooves etc etc.However, once that ran out, you turned to multiplayer. Which you could do missions, and complete objectives with friends. You could make racing tracks, and make fun minigames out of the tools rockstar provided.It all kind of hit the fan after the Hiests were added. Hiests were expensive in game meaning you relied on grinding, buying money via shark cards, or having friends who are loaded. Thankfully Im frugal so the starting 1.5 million went a long way.Then you repeatedly had updates for only multiplayer that required even more money to take part in. The executive offices, the gun runner update, the overly priced new cars and stuff. In order to play with the new toys, you needed money. The only way to earn the money is to become a mule to an executive. Some were good, but many were bad since they mostly consisted of hackers or people who used real money to buy the exxecutive title rather than earn it.It just became an increasingly impossible grind to earn anything anymore. The new care of yesterday that you were just able to buy is far surpassed by the latest and greatest car thats twice as much. Thats why mods were fun. In singleplayer, you were able to drive the older new cars, and build race tracks, and blow up towns... All dressed like a hooker. There were gamemodes albiet singleplayer ones that increased replayability.TLDRThe game stopped being about fun, and started becoming too realistic for my liking. Its a game, not a job. I have real life stuff to do. I dont need to waste my time grinding another version of me in order to buy a virtual Jaguar. Thats why mods were fun.