Dont let the hours played fool you.  I have much more time in GTA 5 than steam knows.  As I have had the PS3 version since release and played through it many times.  So naturally Im going to be comparring the two while I write this.First of all old PS3 version doesnt hold a candle here.  As someone who wasnt sure I could even run this game I was very happy to start this up and it run just fine.  A few graphical issues like shadows being a bit rough and screenshots and taking pictures with phone doesnt work like 95 of the time are minor to the overall quality.PS3 didnt have the first person mode.  Which I really enjoy here.  It feels like a totally different game when playing like that and driving is a new challenge.  Playing mouse and keyboard is much better than controller to.  Aiming and shooting is easier and more accurate.  I cant really fly planes or helicopters with mouse and keyboard though.  WHich is fine cause as long as controller is hooked up you can switch on the fly.Online is much better than the PS3 version as well.  First of all my experience with the PS3 online was bleh at best.  As the only way to hope to get people for a match or mission was to join a big crew.  And even then it was a crapshoot.  Most players were more interested in killing each other in free roam than doing anything else.  Theres a lot more content now so that helps.  But people are constantly playing and they are doing missions and heists and you can start anything and expect people to join rather quickly most of the time.  Online of course has its issues.  Cheating is rampant and griefers galore I swear this one person was screwing up our Lamar mission on purpose just to mess with us and making money for new players is so hard.  But the good outweigh the bad if you ask me.  You dont really need money to have fun here.  Money helps you get better stuff and gives you an edge but.... I was having fun right out of the gate doing missions with just my pistol.  I got just enough money to buy one of the cheap crappier apartments and I couldnt be happier.Other things like singleplayer having more animals is small but I love it.  Dogs and cats walking around!  Bunnies hopping along....  The Ps3 version didnt have nearly as many animals.   I love dogs I was so happy to see them in the game!upgrading to a better PC after being stuck in old generation of console for so long is great as I see the improvements to games Ive played before but this is the best example of that.