I dont want to recommend this game because Rockstar doesnt actually own Rockstar energy drinks and that makes me sad.That being said, this game is a blast. Im not a big fan of the story mode as I feel like its the hardest and most ridiculous one to make money inand that money can be easily lost thanks to the stock market glitch in game that sometimes randomly deletes all your stock market shares. I played about 4045 of the way through the story and only made money off the first heist I did. Not a single one of the other missions Ive done have earned me so much as a dimewhich I found to be incredibly offputting. Its why I eventually stopped playing the story mode without finishing it. The missions were just your standard GTA style go steal something or kill some people and get away from the cops in different vehicles kind of missions that theyve always done and without any sort of payout from it, I didnt see the point in continuing to do them. And the only side mission I unlocked that paid money was with Trevor to make either 5K or 7K smuggling guns by car or planeand I couldnt even repeat them as much as I wanted to quickly make cashthere was a lengthy waiting period before it would refresh and I could do them again. Given that most properties cost more than a million bucks, making 12K every day or so would have been a long, tedious grind to buy some decent properties. I find it so much harder to make money in this GTA than its been in any otherperhaps because its the most restrictive and one of the methods is bugged and can lose all your money if you try it.This brings me to the online aspect of the game. Im not sure why they gave us GTA Online if they were going to structure the system to actively penalize players who want to PLAY GTA. By that I mean, the more crimes you commit stealing cars, shooting people, killing people, causing mahyembasic GTA fun, the higher your mental state gets and when it gets too high, the other online player get incentives to come and kill  you. Yeah, thats rightif youre just looking to goof around online with your own character and just cause some chaotic fun, youd better either bring 15 friends to fill the session or hope you dont get stuck with players who like killing other playersor youre gonna be spending a few hours each session just getting killed again and again every time you get a one star police bounty on you for commiting any crime. And since the game respawns you near where you died, the player who just killed you with their armored, weaponized vehicle is also nearby and will be there in approx. 10 seconds to kill you again and again until one of you gets bored.Did I also mention that you also get incentivised to do nothing a.k.a. having good behavior for a certain period of time? Thats right, you just get cash given to you by the game if you go long enough without breaking the lawthats what we all expect from GTA, right? Rewarding players who dont break the law? Hahaharight.Also, I get that its the online mode, but there doesnt seem to be any solo activities that can be done to earn rep points to rank up and unlock the better guns, armor, etc. I dont want to have to play/compete with the other players in the session to get RP and rank up. I want the option, of courseI just dont like being/feeling forced to. Sometimes I just wanna do a mission or 2 on my ownif they didnt want to allow us to do our own separate things in the same online worldwhat was the point of adding multiplayer? Im not forced to stick around the other players, so I was expecting to also be able to go off and do a stunt series or any activity on my own.So with all these complaints, why do I recommend this game? Simpleit does the main thing I wanted out of another GTAlet me drive around real fast on motorcycles and murder people. Adding first person makes it so much more fun and engaging. Its such a fun challenge to try and drive 60100mph through the city or on the highway and try to shoot tires or people at those speeds without wrecking. And GTA Online adds other real people who might come and try to put a stop to my mayhem and murderous rampage. Trying to outrun real players and/or kill them on the run is much more exciting than running from any NPC or AI copsno matter how many there are. The only downside is that the human players usually dont give up once the heat is cleared and its harder to find motorcycles in GTA Online than in story mode. Not sure WHY that is, I just am sure THAT it is.Anyway, if you too wanna just drive around and shoot people and practice getting better at both or even just cruise around really fast in different environments, I recommend getting this game. I think its still 60, so just wait for a Steam sale and get it at a discount like everyone else who doesnt already own it, then pick it up, jump in and try to put a stop to my mayhem if you think you can. Please dont though.