All of the games content is online and the only way to get it is to grind for the rest of your natural life doing the same missions 10,000 times and even thats not enough to have everything you want. Im not kidding you. To have it all you need well over 100 million dollars but the avrage mission pays out 612k. Do the math on that.10,000 / 100,000,000Whats the total?The only other option is to buy overpriced shark cards. And then when you DO have a lot of money, they sweep your account, ban you for cheating and then you have to start over. The players are rude and constantly attack you. You dont even want to try to make a friend cause there is a 99.9999 chance if he sees you he will shoot at you, or run you over, or blow up your car. Thers no point in even having a nice car because you cant get 3 blocks down the road before its riddled in bullet holes and shattered windows because every player has to shoot at you. The only other option is to go into passive mode which renders your guy useless as he cant do a dam thing but stand there with his thumb up his....This is the worst online experience in existance... I can go on for days with why this game sucks but I wont waste another second of my life on this hunk of crap. I only wrote this reveiw in hopes of saving some new commer from thinking this game will be a fun one time purchase. This is a 60.00 Pay to Win  MMO game that penalizes you for success and hackers and cheaters run rammit though the game. Half the players are cheating. The other half is running from the cheaters who spam lobbys with glitched items to lag everyone out or crash your game or go into god mode and shoot everyone in site with aimbot miniguns.Rockstar made this game undesireable. The players made the game unplayable. Together they create the most hostile, and unfriendly online experience of all time.You can play the single player once, and its fun. But its only fun once. After you beat the game you have 20 million or so and not one single thing to buy... Because as I said in the beguning of post. ALL of the games REAL content is online.Let me give you an idea of what I mean.With the 3 main guys you can buy all the shirts and pants and hats with about 2,000.00 because thers only like 12 options for each guy. But with the online mode. there is literally 100s of clothing items to choose from, and dont even get me started with the cars... Make no mistake, GTA5 is an Online game. 