Its a really fun game ive only played online but...Dont know what anticheat software is? Neither does TakeTwo/Rockstar.There are many facets of cheating in online games which make the creation of a system to stop cheating very difficult however, game developers and third party software developers have created or are developing1011 technologies that attempt to prevent cheating. Such countermeasures are commonly used in video games, with notable anticheat software being GameGuard, PunkBuster, Valve AntiCheat specifically used on games on the Steam platform, and EasyAntiCheat.12Exploits of bugs are usually resolved/removed via a patch to the game however, not all companies force the patches/updates on users, leaving the actual resolution to individual users.They seem to take the leaving the actual resolution to individual users. part way too literally.The only unbearable problem with the game is modders/glitchers in my opinion, but nothing really gets done about it.Most games will do a small patch every few days when theyve found an exploit that can be abused in order to prevent cheating, but with TakeTwo/Rockstar you can expect a patch every... 46 months. After the patch theres usually a ban wave, which will give you a splendid week of modder free playing time. The other 1623 weeks though? lol, good luck.To give an example of how bad the modding is I have played in approximately 30 sessions over the last 4 days. I left 5 of those sessions because I was content and felt it was a reasonable time to get off the game. The other 25? Well, either server crash from modder trying to spawn too much money at once, or the entire lobby was just blowing up repeatedly and getting teleported around and having their weapons taken away. Oh, and vehicles dont save you  theyll just force eject you from them. You can also be frozen so you cant move your character, or modders can spawn 1000 planes on you at once, crashing your game. Switching lobbies doesnt save you, because theres another malicious modder in the one youre loading into already.To reiterate, its a really fun game. One of the best Ive played, actually. But unless youre going to play invite only sessions or instanced missions, its not currently worth the frustration.