Ive had major issues with this game for a while and honestly didnt realize that I hadnt left a review, but now I realize might be the perfect time since theres such an uproar and take two really needs to know they ed up.My main issue with this game is the banning system. These imbeciles had a 3 strike policy on bans I believe its now 2 that, even though I had video proof of a hacker shooting money at me, still got me banned and Im sure that the hacker didnt. By the way they also cant tell you  why you got banned, there is no logging system for this apparently so no way to figure out what might be happening and if their system is having issues, so they assume their system  is infallable. So banned once, 10 days later started playing again because I thought it must be a mistake, unfortunately not as a few hours later I got slapped with a 30 day ban. I was furious, so I contacted Rockstar support to try and figure out what the hell happened and why I kept getting banned.Well let me tell you about the ing amazing crew that Rockstar hired to do support. The first thing you get in response to submitting a ticket is a copy paste response of the email they send you to let you know youve been banned basically saying youre a hacker and bans are non appealable. They then proceed to disallow you from making another ticket for 24hrs. So over the course of a few weeks I finally manage to get ahold of someone who actually listens to me and I show them the video and they wipe the hacked money from my account.Success right? Well no actually.I finish out the rest of the 30 day ban and as had been reading on forums that certain programs running in the background may be detected as hacks. So I turn off evga precision, I turn off Shadow play, I turn off Windows defender, I turn off Logitech gaming software, anything and everything I can think of. As soon as I load in. Boom perma banned. I was so done with this game.Fast forward to a few days ago when I just finished rebuilding my PC and decided I wanted to crank up the settings and replay the story mode. All was going fine but I noticed they stopped adding the dlc to single player, so I looked for mods for the game to add them in and thats when I stumbled across this whole openIV thing and was thoroughly disgusted with Rockstar and Take Two. I cant recommend this game to anybody. I cant believe that one of my favorite games became this monstrosity. I will never buy another Rockstar game until they right their wrongs and something tells me its gonna be a while.P.S. heres the video of the hacker shooting moneyP.P.S. Im sure theres mistakes galore in this since Im writing it on my phone so I apologize in advance.