Wow, a positive review in all this chaos! No one is going to read it now!Story ProsGreat, immersive, decent plot, memorable characters. You can open GTA intending to go to Online but then literally just get lost ing around with anything you want in Story. Its that in depth. Also, mods.Story ConsIt never gets updated anymore because Rockstar knowing that you get aton of money in Story doesnt add new vehicles andbecause that would allow you to test them and actually make an educated purchase. They want you to buy garbage cars and then regret it right after and buy more shark cards. An example is the Coil Cyclone. Expensive and .Really backwards way of storing cars in garages. You buy a garage expecting to get a mechanic contact or just be able to call in your cars. Nope. If you lose your car or dont put it in the garage before you exit the game, say good bye to the 700k you wasted upgrading it because you wont get it back.Online ProsGreat time killer with friends. Its really fun if you have a group of 5 friends and you all get to  around in free roam. And if you have 3 other friends you can do heists and make some serious money.Great character customization. I put that in quotes because Rockstar doesnt want you to have a helmet and a mask on at the same time without breaking the game. Also, helmets just disappear when you enter an apartment, etc for no reason.MOUNTAINS of adversary modes and missions. You will not get bored.I really appreciate the double money and double RP they do on some modes. And also the huge discounts on some things. It really helps out everyone.Online Cons here is what you people have been looking forWhy do you guys ing call it DLCs when they make a new update? and Im talking to the community here, not Rockstar. Your making it seem like shark cards are necessary for this company to keep going. Whenever TF2 updates or Rocket League or CSGO, you dont call it a ing DLC. You call it an update. Because updates should be free from the beginning. When you say DLC it just makes it seem like Rockstar is doing good by making DLCs for free. No. These are just updates. A DLC is something you have the option of getting. You dont have the option to not update your game when Rockstar updates this game. Rockstar doesnt need any more ing money to make these DLCs. They got aton from sales, and got 500 million dollars from SHARK CARDS ALONE IN 2016.Shark cards are ing up everything. If you are someone who belives Rockstar needs the Shark card sales, you have been ing brainwashed. GTA 5 sold over 80 million copies, and none of these updates seem high budget. Seldom voice acting and seldom animations. Just cars and some new property to buy. They dont need the money. Shark cards make the grind so long that its taking me over 3 days to grind for the Oppressor. a 2 million dollar bike is taking me over 3 days. Really?Modders. They never get banned until a new update comes out, then more just come in. Its impossible to stop these guys. And sometimes you, an innocent player, can get banned because some ing modder turned you into a christmas tree.The clothing flaws I stated before.In conclusion I still give this a positive review mainly because there are many ways to make public empty sessions on the spot so you dont have to deal with modders and you can do Import Export and sell your stock from bunkers and such, and because Story is really good. The game is fun with friends and is still fun but not as fun by yourself. 