State of the Game July 2017PerformanceThe game performs well on hardware that was popular at the time of release, its entirely possible to maintain 60fps with very reasonable graphics options if you avoid some of the GPU hogs. The Audio engine contains bugs that cause the GTA to crash on a wide range of hardware due to discrepancies in settings, some Audio hardware allows for high bitrates, GTA runs at 16 Bit 44.1KHz. Higher settings will make the game crash after some arbitrary amount of time.OptionsMany, only notably lacking direct support for extended mouse buttons, which have to be configured by mapping to keys in some instances.Relevance  DLCGTA V has remained semirelevant with help from its online multiplayer updates, some have been excellent, some interim fluff. Notably story mode has been neglected with the exception of adding a few cars here and there.Overall GameplayThe mechanics and physics are excellent when they work, often humorous when they dont. Lag between players can cause a host of physics anomalies especially with traffic, something dedicated servers would help fix.PvPWith the latest update comes in my opinion the death of PvP in GTAO, Explosive rounds have positively affected the ability to get rid of Hydra Trolls, but also transformed how cancerous players now spread around their play style. Theres little to no skill in a normal gun vs thermal scope and explosive rounds battle. An alternative could have been airborne Merryweather strike called in by phone with the precision of the jet that attacks by the airport. GTAO Lacks any credible ranking system, or ability to enter sessions with rules sets such as disabling near blips, if tracking people down meant completing objectives for brief intel on peoples activites vs simply looking at the map  throwing explosives at them during PvP missions, the activites would perhaps be more satisfying for all parties involvedExploits, netcode and controversiesThe Achilles Heel of GTAO. There are few that will tell a truthful story about the modding scene as it relates to GTA. In essence the netcode is essentially born of a lan game further developed from how it was in GTA IV that now routes player actions through a server acting essentially as a router to hide actual IP addresses and coordinate basic session duties. There is still no insession detection of exploits, only RockStars feeble attempts to scan the many stats they collect combined with reports that can be cleared/blocked. And a system that attempts to scan memory for known exploit code. Yet with each update the hacks return in just a few days. Many who blindly support modding, leaving negative reviews on all Rockstars games will state that TakeTwos action against OpenIV was wrong. Supporters of the OpenIV community who have developed software to catalogue game assets and function hooks fail to understand that this knowledge is a large contributing factor in the creation of the mods by less responsible developers subsequently used for creating an unfair advantage in PvP, or generally being abrasive. Thus what we really have is an awkward situation for Rockstar. We have OpenIV who dont make software that affects online play, and we have people who build on that work to be asses. Resulting in people who actually play rarely playing in open sessions with random people, this further amplifies the remaining pool of lavatory waste in the remaining open sessions who actively want to be in open sessions to cause chaos. Having said that, Im not against the modding scene, if GTAO had a place, or specific sessions modders could do what they wanted, Id welcome that. Combined with better team building tools max members 100? team chat when not in session, team events, team session settings, inteam factions/gangs.Lastly, perhaps the worst of the modders are not those who blow people up without engaging and attach eggs to your head, but those who subtly add a small amount of weapon damage, regenerative health, or targeting / bounding box aids to give skillfree advantages.PvEThe standard cash grinding missions while plentiful at launch have been neglected in favor of multiplayer missions, that still offer little cash reward but offer some entertainment value.Recommended? yes definitely play with friends. 