Well, finally I was forced to write this...Let me start off with a simple statement GTA V was and is a great game. I have mixed feelings about GTA Online but Im going to leave that aside for now.This game singleplayer has a great story, amazing freedom and stunning graphics. I played it on PS3 and was satisfied by the PC version. It keeps the traditional GTA setting with the introduction of some fresh ideas. This balance was maintained and was one of the reasons this game is so good. The state of GTA Online upon release was satisfying. The game recieved numerous updates and although it all started with thematic updates with just a few cars and guns it was enough to keep players entertained. Heists released and it was a blast. There is something important about this update though. At that point the game started being more centered on cooperative play so it is strongly recommended that you find a crew to play the game with. Later on weve seen massive additions to GTA Online and recently weve gotten two very controversial DLCs Import/Export and GTA Online Gunrunning. The reason behind this controversy is that the more conservative players longtime fans tend to believe these updates are ruining the realism of GTA and that it only caters griefers and kids and is all about Microtransactions Shark cards. There is a whole article worth of explanation here, but I dont have enough time to write it all down. The other part of GTA community mostly new fans states that GTA Online is all about fun and does not concern realism. While I agree to some of the parties opinions I do have to say that the problem isnt entirely in the players although some of them are the reason I play GTA online in public lobbies less and less. This is where we get to the part where I explain why I dont recommend this game anymore.It is my belief that making GTA V Rockstar games did an excellent job. It is made in a wonderfull manner and the online segment was initially a great thing. HOWEVER the publishers Take Two interactive have done a horrible job of catering the players ruining Rs reputation. Dont get me wrong, T2s mission is to squeeze out the biggest possible amount of money from the game. They are a business, after all. The problem is that Take 2 took it way too seriously. They made GTA online a horrible experience by ruining it with microtransactions. They also do not maintain contact with consumers which isnt what a userfriendly company usually does. They have taken down an alternative Online service because they feared their w33t hark card revenue would be hurt. They have taken down a converted RDR map mod. They are constantly taking down any attempts of users to make the game more fun, fearing that modders make better content than them and constantly trying to make people play GTA Online exclusively. Furthermore, they are constantly trying to make people buy shark cards. The amazing greed this company has has lead its aim to become nothing more than to suck out all of life from the original, true community and turn it into a heaven for the neogaming generation. Their final step was nothing but disgrace to the GTA V PC community They have taken down the biggest modding tool for GTA V. Their actions are completely unacceptable and are harmful to the fanbase. This is the reason Im giving the game a negative review.It used to be a glorious gem, but Take2s greed was too heavy, it crashed into a million pieces.poetic, huh?TLDRGr8 singleplayer, online is a grindfest, T2 are bad guys, dont support them. 