Rockstar truly are rockstars. Ive been playing GTA since the original topdowns, and they just keep getting better. The campaign of this is fun and well varied, but the shining star is the multiplayer.Ive been playing this since release on the 360, the amount and quality of updates and free DLC far surpasses any other modern game Ive played, and they keep on happening! The variety of activities available in online, both in free mode and missions is amazing, there is something for everyone here. The recent Gunrunning DLC has prompted me to write this review.Personally, this is my favorite car game at the moment, it fills the void left by the lack of a true successor to NFS Underground 2 strangely enough. I love collecting the cars, modifying them, goofing around with them, going on cruises, and the racing aint too bad either for arcade style play. I do prefer noncontact racing, people can be ramming jerks but thats a individual player issue not a design issue, very thankful to have options. Speaking of community, I love the random car meets that happen in online, folks are pretty cool around here and yes its fun sometimes to have a few moments of vendetta against griefers. The more recent vehicles have more customization options, which is always a good thing, Im frequently impressed by what they are able to work into such an already complex game. The lowrider hoppers are fantastic, the trophy truck is an actual tube frame racer with body panels and long travel suspension that functions as it should, theres even a donk. A well deserved shoutout to the specialty, water, and air vehicles, theyre all well done.Oh and of course, this is GTA, going on a rampage is fun, though I sometimes wish 5 stars brought out tanks. There still are the lovely antics of a GTA setting, with the absurd radio commercials and inlore media, crazy characters, crime related debauchery, the whole enchilada. Rockstar hasnt lost their way and Im happy that GTA is still GTA.I dont play games as much as some other gamers, but this is easily one of my favorites. I frequently choose to play it instead of many of the hundreds of other games I own. I wouldnt hesitate to recommend this to anyone. 