The police are so poorly designed in GTA 5, it makes the game very frustrating and unplayable at times.You have to play the game for about 5 hours before you finally see a cop, and he is always chasing a car. But break the law, and there are a million police pooling out of the woodwork. GTA IV had this police problem balanced well, so why are they having such a hard time with GTA5?Another annoying thing in the game is how quickly the police are called, and it is always your fault. I am running down the street and bump into a gang member so he starts shooting at me, I pull out my gun and the second I defend myself cops are on me. The magic police you never see are driving around the corner.I was playing as Trevor and I hit the ground a few times in my plane and it was smoking black. It was doing fine while flying around for a little then it started to fail so I parachuted out. My plane flew into some hillside and exploded about 2 miles away from where I landed. And guess what? Dispatch calls and says a vehicle exploded, then the magic police randomly come around the corner and start shooting me. Someone that avoided death by jumping out of the plane that crashed into a hillside. Not to mention how annoying  it is when the magic police are driving on bike trails on a hill to come get you the second you have a wanted level.The police shouldnt have a 6th sense ability of where you are. If you stab someone on the street at night when no one is looking, and you run through back yards and get in your house, the police know exactly where you are and kick down your door and come into your house.You will never win a shootout against the police, because they have a million helicopters that come 3 at a time and will never stop. You can blow up cop cars to the equivalent of cars currently in the world today and yet they still have more to send.But the hands down most annoying thing about the game is when you evade the police detection, and go to your garage and take another car or steal one from a parking lot, even if it is night time, if you are even close to the police they reengage pursuit with you. Even though it would be impossible to ID you driving at 35 MPH, not to mention they wouldnt even be looking for that type of vehicle since another was used during the time the crime was committed.This stuff makes the game a lot less fun compared to GTA IV which I believe had this ratio right.Less than 50 of crimes committed in the USA go reported. And the typical response time in a city like LA would be 8 minutes. Not to mention it takes AT MOST a minute for someone to get their phone get ahold of dispatch so they know where to send officers. So that means not only would the chances of the police being notifies that you just punched someone, you would have at the very least 9 minutes to flee the area and get away undetected.If RockStar made minor adjustments, the game would be so much more enjoyable.Limit the amount of police that come to you, giving you a chance to escape if you hold your ground and shoot all the police and helicopters. Stop this never ending wave of police officers.Remove the polices 6th sense ability. If they didnt see you go into a house, then dont allow then to enter. A police officer is not going to kick down doors on a neighborhood to search for someone that punched a guy in the face.Have only 40 of your actual offences get reported.Have a radius circle when a crime happens. Bigger the crime, bigger the circle, but once you are out of that circle, you wont be caught. Unless you reenter the circle, then the timer before the stars are removed resets, and also if you are respotted in the circle by a police officer, the circle can now be centered on your current location.  If my plane crashes into the ground, the circle should be where the plane crashed, not where the pilot lands.Disable police from IDing you if you steal another car without them seeing.Disable police from driving and searching for you on roads/trains they dont normally drive on unless they are actively in pursuit of you.Maybe add a small view range and hearing range for each person. So if you shoot someone with a silenced weapon and there is no one around to hear or see it, the police are never notified.