Dont buy this game it was fun untill recently however if you want to compete with anyone in this game be prepared to dishout another 150 on shark cards so you can afford to buy the buisness so you can store a special vehicle/plane/etc in addition to that each type of vehicle requires its own storage facility depending on the dlc it was released with.Also they added the ability to blow up players from across the map so now regular players can blow you up along with hackers in the game. Oh yeah, hackers are still a big problem too. the older this game gets the harder it is to get started, due to the massively overpowered equippment being brought out. At this point there is really no reason to buy sports cars anymore because they get obliterated by the orbital cannon along with you.the more time you invest in this game the harder it gets to keep up and have fun because all of the hard work you put in to get that new car is thrown down the pooper as new dlc and major updates to the game are pouring out, while simultaneously depreciating your hard earned rocketcar, tank, fighter jet, helicopter, mobile operations center, ect.thats 4 seperate buisness you have to buy in order to be able to purchase these ingame, each buisness is in excess of 1,250,000 all the way up to 3,000,000 plus the cost in luxuries and upkeep add on another 1,900,00 for luxuries, thats just under 5,000,000 multiply by 4 and you  get 20,000,000 in order to get all of the buisness that can store special vehicles. Thats not including the houses for hiests or the clubhouses that make money on the side.if you want to buy all of these buisnesses not including the vehicles themselves you are in the neighborhood of 300 irl because shark cards only come in 8 Mil at a time.AND ONE MORE THINGyou cannot sell a buisness so eventually you will not be able to afford all of your buisnesses due to the passive flow of money they suck from your in game bank account every in game day. you also cannot make money in the game without direct input to the buisness. getting supplies delivering product, that means you have to spend an exorbant amount of time keeping your buisnesses fed so you dont go broke. and when you do go broke? Good luck! You have to sell one of your hard earned sports cars in order to start your buisness back up again. You have to work really hard in this game to get anywhere and you have to consistantly work in order to keep up with the playerbase and ammunition costs.That good old GTAV feeling is gone.New players beware, this game is not for people with shallow pockets.