Let me just say first that Ive never posted a review of any game as I normally dont induldge in games enough to be able to post a thourough enough review.I purchased this game originally just to get the game. Like a majority of people. Didnt care much for online as I just wanted to get the experience of playing GTA V on PC since it was a different feel and a brand new experience overall. I have not yet completed the single player campaign on PC as I went through it completely on next gen before the PC release. Have tried a time or two but repeating a campaign isnt something I find interest in on any game. With that said I did spend a lot of time exploring the open world and just doing what I wanted to do as I felt. That, too, becomes very old as would be expected when becoming so adjusted to an open world map. When I felt single player wasnt cutting it anymore I attempted to invest time in online. Rockstar does a tremendous job at adding content to this game with all of the game mode additions, vehicle additions, weapons and so on so I am not cutting them short in that respect. Put simply, online also gets boring as time goes on. Heists become very frustrating if you dont have a large group of friends to play them on. Races are a cluster most of the time. Death match game modes are very fun for the first couple of times you play them but become very repetitive as time goes on. Dont even get me started on the open world aspect of online.When you do everything in GTA V it becomes very uninteresting. It is hard to bring yourself to press Play when you know youll be running through the same frustrations the last time you tried. With that said, there was one thing that extended my interest in GTA V. Mods.Mods kept me playing this game when I ran out of interest. Mods take up about 40 of the hrs on record that you see posted. Mods are in large part why there is any real interest in this game this late into its life. The single player campaign is fantastic. The online is.. meh. Both run out on you and mods keep a constant interest.Now thats gone and so is what interest I had left in this game.Going to help clear out some hard drive space I must say. 