Do not get me wrong, its a great game by itself. My beef is with Rockstar support, whose incompetence is unreal.Mid january I lose a  3 mill vehicle 15 hours of grinding because of a bug that shouldnt happen. I had found a good drifting vehicle on the streets a Futo, cheap car, great for drifting and took it to the auto shop to buy insurance and tracker. This makes it my own, and it would then be stored in one of my garages. I play around with it for a little bit before moving on, and later logging off. The next day, I find out that my Oppressor the expensive one is gone, I cant summon it, its not destroyed and not in any of my garages. I had it stored in my facility garage, it being the only vehicle there. That means there were 5 open vehicle slots in that garage. I then realize that the Futo was stored in the facility automatically when I logged off or changed vehicle the previous night. The Futo had somehow replaced the Oppressor without asking me, a 10k car for a 3 mill super bike.Fine, I thought, I will just contact Rockstar support and have them reimburse my loss or restore the bike. Easier said than done. Ive made several tickets, getting several replies on every one, each one saying that they cant do anything. They cannot verify the loss or they can confirm that you replaced the vehicle, and then go on to describe that when a garage is full and I try to put a vehicle there, I will get a prompt to replace a vehicle, and that that vehicle will be lost. Even though I kept saying that I wasnt replacing anything, I didnt put it in a garage and that the garage had MANY open slots. Their inability to help and to comprehend simple English is beyond silly. Its unprofessional. I even got a reply from a supervisor, saying the same thing.This is a link to images of the exchange. I made a few more comments after I took these pictures, one a bit longer than the rest, even mentioning how they would lose money from me and my friends not buying more of their products anymore. Still the same response.