The single player for this game is the best Ive seen/played in the GTA series. The multiplayer on the other hand has some real issues at the moment.GTA Online was a ton of fun at first and where I have spent most of my time playing this game. The SP was a lot of fun but the idea of having my own character and assets like garages full of pimped out customized cars pulled me in and I put in a couple hundred hours before touching the singplayer again and I only did the prologue missions before jumping head first into GTA Online.The heists are top notch and what I prefer to play but there are only 4 heists not counting the boring first heist that can only be played with 2 players. The jobs and heists are fun but after a hundred hours in GTAO you get bored with them because there isnt enough of them you start repeating the same stuff over and over again.The new content they are releasing is all the same thing reskinned. Its all about CEOs now you buy a property for 1 million or so and then you can access the new content so right off the bat you have to either buy a shark card or grind to get access to the latest updates then you will find that they are all the same thing. Be a boss get a crew and then do mission where everyone else on the map in session can intervene and mess up your plans. There are 4 or 5 modes now like this that are just slightly different but pretty much the same thing. I suppose Rockstar is content with dividing the community as long as they are getting enough shark cards bought.When this was released it was my favorite game and me and mine played weakly doing heists and jobs. Looking back the future of GTAO looked so promising its sad to see it in the state it is currently. We vote with our wallets so if you dont like the new content please dont buy shark cards and maybe RS will realize they need to give GTAO some serious attention instead of these repeats of content being added over and over again.We need new heists which RS has stated they will not do and the promise of SP DLC has been completely glossed over due to the success of GTAO. I hope that the game losses population and RS realizes their business model isnt going to last and if GTAO is going to survive or have a profitable sequel they need to do things differently. It seems they put so much into the base game and the new content doesnt mesh well with that base.TL/DRIf you want it for SP then get it right away if you want it for GTAO The only thing RS is actively supporting then I would say you are going to have a lot of fun at first untill you hit that content ceiling and start having to do the same things over and over again and if the trend continues youll be sadly dissapointed by the content updates that are all essentially the same thing.Im not recommending this game only because I want RS to fix some serious issues with the game. 6 months after release I could not have recommended this game more but now I have a hard time recommending it with the current shortcomings of GTAO. 