Ok, so in the light of Take Two essentially banning mods from the game, by sending a ceaseanddesist letter to OpenIV the modding tool used for all mods, im going to write an actual review on this game.Singleplayer Single player is genuine fun and has loads of content to actually play. Not much to hate there. If you want to get this game for it, wait till its on sale, you would just be wasting money.Multiplayer Multiplayer is the reason I bought this game for the third time, once on XB360, second on PS4, now on here. I dont regret my first two purchases for Ive had a load of fun and met some nice and interesting people, but I am starting to regret getting it for the third time. The height of GTA Online was when they released the heists update. People started playing the game due to the availability to get enough cash to buy the new vehicles and toys to play with in a fraction of the time it would take to do actual missions. After that, its been going down hill. Almost every new update comes with ridiculously overpriced vehicles, apartments, and to start some of the new missions they couldve added, comes a nice pricetag that if you were to try and get the money for, would cost you around a minimum of four endgame heists. These updates come with such ridiculously overpriced items so you would be tempted to purchase a shark card wich I admit to doing, and to those who are feeling like they would by one for the new update, DONT. It is genuinely NOT worth it. This marketing scheme feels way too much like a Clash of Clans scheme, where you can get the stuff the hard way and use up alot of time, or pay 100 to take the next step foward. This kind of marketing needs to stop, its an unethicalbuisness practice and its an attempt to get the people susceptible to buying  overpriced sharkcards so they can get just one of the new cars most new vehicles cost from 1mil2.5mil, but the newest ones cost from 1mil5.7mil, and you can just look at the price of the shark cards to give you an idea of how much you could spend. Not to mention the bannings of random accounts from reviews I saw when I bought it on here, and accounts who have received money from hackers, either willingly or unwillingly.Modding As most people browsing the reviews here would know, Take Two, Rockstars parent company, has sent a ceaseanddesist letter to the lead developer of OpenIV to stop the distribution of OpenIV. If you dont already know what OpenIV is, it is the tool used to create mods for many GTA games. Modding is, what I would say as, the backbone to a game and its community. Mods keep games and communities alive for years after the game as come out e.g. Fallout New Vegas, The Frontier mod which is STILL in development even after seven years of the games release. Seeing Take Two take it down is horrible and a real scum bag move.Overall If you want this game for singleplayer, wait till it is on sale. If you plan to play this online, dont buy it, it is a huge cash grab.This is a petition to save OpenIV 