almost 200 hours on record not as much as many byt stull decent. I will be reviewing both the Online and Offline expirience.OnlineMajority of this has been playing GTA Online and I still have hardly progressed. I own a good apartment and thats it. If you are looking into buying this game for its online its too late, you will join as a new player, and either get kicked from the lobby for being too low rank and no one wanting to play, or if its a race you wont win because you dont have a good car, you dont have a good car because you dont have money which you wont get much of if you dont win. Forget about all the Online additions like Bunkers, Airstrips and insurgents etc. you wont ever gain enough money to buy them, and if you do spend all you money you had saved Like i did on a bunker, not only will rockstar release a much better DLC for the online later, but you wont actually be able to do anything in your bunker unless you have an extra million lying around. Not only are the items in game overpriced online but the shark cards also are, so if you plan to say screw this grinding, you cant buy shark cards without cutting off you own arm. So overall, the online is a hectic mess, thats if it even works, in which case you will have to play offline.Offline / single playerSo, most people like me will buy this game for the mess that is the online play. But, you will come across your computer not being able to connect to servers for no reason every now and then, leaving you to play the offline. I have been playing the offline single player for quite some time 2 days over the weekend, literally doing nothing but playing the single player for the fun of it. It must be said, the campaign is amazing, interesting, funny, exiting and overall and enjoyable experience, that is of course until the game start to glitch out for god knows what reason, leaving you no choice but to close the game, of which you cant even go to your house to save the game because of how rampant the glitches are with roads disappearing and of course this game decided to turn autosave off for whatever reason and left me unable to turn it back on making me loose all my progress in the single player game and thus, me finishing the weekend with no progress whatsoever.OverallOverall, GTA V is fun, exiting and enjoyable, but only if you have a beastly computer and a miracle of an internet connection at all times, and god help you if your game just decides to hell with it and just glitches / breaks / crashes for no reason what so ever. Leaving you to wait through the minutes long loading screen as you boot the game up questioning if your progress has been saved or if you have been banned for leaving online during a mission. Only to find that exact thing happening to you note, i have not been banned off online yet, nut right now i am just sick and tired of pouring hours into this game and still have bugger all in online, and only be past the Prologue in single player 