Well theyve ed it. Straight up.Theyve been ing it for a while, with all their shitey microtransactions and not monetizing the end user enough ACTUAL ING THING THEY SAID.Theyve, not asked, but taken legal action against almost all mods. No warning, just t reasons to make their throbbing, money grabbing,  expand even larger. With reasons given like paraphrased slightly it ruins the online experience. Yes, I have to say, personally, that my online experience which I have never actually got to work because the whole thing is a piece of has been greatly interrupted by the single player only modding scene. Specifically the modding backbone OpenIV. This SINGLE ING PLAYER ONLY mod has really ruined the enjoyment Ive had from the multiplayer I dont care about, and the single player? Man, I cant tell you how many hours have been infected with that horrid mod... Id probably estimate 100 hours out of my 100.2 hours on record have been purely spoiled by this mod. I mean, Ive completed the first story mission, and left the game to let the modding scene evolve for a few weeks before actually putting any sort of time and energy into playing this game. Its not as if I played 100 hours of modded GTA for no reason, no, I was obviously just intent with ruining the game for myself. That must be it.Dont get me wrong, the game is fantastic, but I never bought this on Xbox I had one at the time of release or PlayStation. I actually waited TWO ING YEARS for this to come out on PC. Not because I didnt want to play with friends, but because I wanted the game to be how it was meant to be. You program a games code on a ing computer, then port it to console because I got the game how it was meant to be played. Beautiful graphics, 60fps, 4k run on a 1080p screen. Hell, I even tried it across 3 monitors but because its an unoptimised piece of I couldnt get above 15fps. But I had the game, and the game was perfect. It didnt force you to buy shitey digital only products. It didnt have any restrictions on what you could and couldnt do by yourself. It was good.So, in summary, I hope the developers of OpenIV go on their own way, go somewhere really remote and keep updating this, or better yet, target the core code of the game. If malicious intent was what they wanted to do, they would have done it. If they wanted to destroy multiplayer, they wouldnt have to, because its already ED.Get a grip Rockstar. You made this game, stop hiding behind TakeTwo and actually grow a pair. Properly ashamed to even consider you guys a Scottish company. Get yer ing skirt in the bin and put on yer kilt. Yer no gonna do anything with yer baws held in a vice. TakeTwo can have their shitey reign over the lesser consoles. But PCs will last longer than any of that, and if you think about it logically, theyre your most dedicated players. Theyll be with you long after youre dead and rotting in a pit somewhere. Give respect to those who respect you. Console players dont have any respect for anything or anyone. PC gamers understand how difficult it is to do something on this platform, but we also understand how easy some thing should be, such as growing a pair.