Smugglers Run.Total disappointment and the single greatest waste of in game money I have ever spent. Seriously 3 million gone for what?I bought a hanger and added the aircraft workshop, flew in my Cargobob Jetsam as I had been looking forward to customising it for ages. You can only change the primary and secondary colours, I was a little disappointed with the lack of options but at least I could still recolour it. I painted it silver with a bit of blue.I then went to do the first supply mission. This is when I realised this is not a money making DLC, far from it, in fact I think it has the worst money/time ratio per activity in GTA online. Once you factor in all the resupply missions 15 to 20 minutes each and the time it takes you for a successful delivery mission the cash at the end is laughable.Once I was back at the hanger the Cargobob had bugged into a standard military one albeit silver. I called Pegasus for my Jetsam variant again and flew it in to the hanger. At this point I then had two Cargobobs. The silver military one I never bought and the stock Jetsam one. I repainted the Jetsam back to the first silver and blue.I then went back to my office to steal a car and called for my new silver and blue Cargobob at the elevator, the stock one arrived. It turns out you do not change the Peggasus version you simply create a duplicate you can only call for if you request a personal vehicle. Despite standing by my office with a helipad the personal Cargobob was delivered miles away and with it being a personal vehicle now my car disappeared... it was going to be a long walk if you dont steal a lift from an NPC.I toyed with the idea that from now on instead of calling for the stock Cargobob from the comfort of my own office I take a trip to some part of the city to collect my custom version. Massively inconvenient each time I want to sell or steal a car but I gave it a go anyway. Aside from being long winded when I finally delivered the top range car the cut scene of the Cargobob dropping off the vehicle was back to being the stock version, a second later when I was back in the game the custom version.I now have a Hanger that is costing me 700 per day that there is no point using for earning cash, limited point in using for customising aircraft and no way of selling.Total waste of game money. 