Yet another review among a fckton of others for a massively popular game so Ill just rant about my time wasted.You should know about this by now, afterall this game is nearly 4 years old and everybody has played it at least once. Nobody, who has played San Andreas, will deny that this game is just a reboot with more characters, better graphics, and somehow less to do in this painstakingly built virtual environment that loosely resembles the city/county of los angeles. Some things are better but it doesnt makeup for the lack of imagination and the extreme neglect the singleplayer portion of this game has received. So why the change of heart from GTA IV?So basically if youre buying this game this late after rerelease then I can assume its because of the online and its ridiculous number of content updates. First of all, dont waste your time. This game is even worse online than Overwatch because odds are youll never invest enough of the bullh!t amount of time required just to enjoy the content Rockstar has eagerly pushed into this portion of the game. They have neglected singleplayer in favor of this section of the game for good reason, it promotes sales of their online currency aka Shark Cards. Business before customer satisfaction, as always in this growing industry.Why not? Because the simple fact this game will do everything possible to get you to say Fk It and spend even more money to skip the stupid amounts of grinding just to enjoy the new properties and cars avaliable after nearly 3 years of updates to the least enjoyable portion of the game. Like getting shafted by a random loser with no other life outside this game? Then go right ahead you masochist because thats what this game encourages. Simply fk over whoever you can for a very brief moment of satisfaction followed by endless amounts of ignorance and hating just because you did what the game encourages and rewards you for doing.The properties and business ventures they provide are nothing more than a timesink to get you one step closer to throwing in the towel and just buying the online currency. Every business you purchase is vulnerable to a random jerk who singlehandedly can ruin nearly 6 hours of grinding just because the game notifies him/her that they will be rewarded for such effort. Spent 8 hours grinding away resupplying and maxing out inventory for that half a million dollar sale? Too bad cause within 30 seconds of starting the sale mission, everybody in the session knows what youre up to and where exactly you are and are encouraged to do so. Got friends? Good for you but we all know you can never rely on them fully, that half a million is quickly gonna be reduced to 200k if youre lucky.So in a nutshell dont wast your time, Rockstar stumbled across a money grab that is sustainable for years and they will never stop cashingin. There is always mods but Rockstar bans those accounts if they every go near online play. By the way there are plenty of computer cracks that have found numerous glitches and hacks that allow them to hijack any session they join. Rockstar cant possibly keep up with them so theres another way to be screwed over. Save your time, energy and hopefully money and just ignore this game. Theres always Red Dead Redemption 2. 