GTAOnline Portion of this game has been ridden with cheaters since the start. Because the game uses a system called PeertoPeer it isnt really possible to have a good anticheat because of how P2P works. Rockstar went with this system to save themselves money on dedicated servers, and ultimately the integrity of their playerbases online experience.There is quite a lot of fun to be had online, assuming you dont run into griefers or cheaters. However, there is quite a bit of grinding involved to partake in the fun adventures of GTAOnline, for every million you make you need at least 24 hours of grinding for With CEO/VIP/I/E. Some players might be turned off by the grinding in GTA Online others might not, it all depends on you  the player.There have been sort of paywalls or grind walls for nonsharkcard players. Like Yachts for example are 812mil so thats roughly 100150 USD for that yacht. Or 20 hours of grinding. Rockstars latest paywall was the recent update Gunrunners where you must pay 225k per research if you want it fast ot wait 4 hours  per research while resupplying the bunker and not getting any RP or  for doing it. Whereas CEO work would pay you for securing things.If you buy all the research its just shy of 225 USD worth of shark cards. Or if you wait it out roughly 400 hours  of playing GTA Online while babysitting your bunker. Not including the new pegasus military vehicles added which while offering a discount, are still expensive. 35 mil to purchase and upgrade them customization will raise you another 8. So in the end if you want the full experience of this update you need at least 50million or 500600 USD of shark cards, and the time needed to get that money ingame would be 200400 hours. Unless you run into a cheater giving cash, which rockstar has some countermeasures for with varying accuracy. Some people got all their money taken away while only having 5mil others had 300500mil cheated money but never had it touched.SingleplayerThe singleplayer portion of this game isnt bad, but it isnt technically supported. Any of the content made in GTA Online isnt added into singleplayer because they wont get your shark card money that way.With the recent events of them shutting down OpenIV Which is for singleplayer modding NOT online cheating  thats scripthook an entirely different program singleplayer longetivity for this game is basically dead.So ultimately if youre playing with friends and hope to get this at a discount good luck because it took this game 1 1/2 years before it even seen a 25 discount and that was with a sharkcard to force it back over 60!This game is a fun game to play, but it has fallen into a cesspool of gaming because of the lack of caring that Rockstar has towards GTAO since it took them two full years before they even did anything really against modders and they are attacking the wrong party when they finally do make a move. 