I bought this game to play online with my friends. I never touched a public session, and only played on private ones with them. It was fun doing missions, I actually joined during the double money and RP event so we were spamming motorcycle club missions to grind for money to buy the ridiculously expensive vehicles in the shop. Then I log in to find that they took away over 3 million cash from my account. Why the heck? Not to mention the giant and unneeded do not cheat message when I log in. I NEVER touched a single cheat, glitch or exploit in my entire life, and I never joined a session with cheaters because I only played on private ones with friends, so why take away my legitimate money? GTA online is a cash grab. Everything is expensive and missions dont give any worthwhile money, and now they do this. Hours of grinding missions down the dump. Oh wait, I know why they took away my legitimate money. Because  you buy more shark cards. They are punishing legitimate players and by doing that they are only making them want to actually start cheating because who knows what will happen once they grind more missions to recover their money. Oh whats that you grinded 2 more million cash from doing missions? Too bad let us take it away from you. No no, you can trust us, we found that the money was earned by cheating, so we did you a service. What a joke.EDIT Two days after I posted this review Rockstar removed 5 more million cash from my GTA online account, and now Im left with no money whatsoever. They didnt give any message or warning of such unlike the first time they took money from me unfairly. It was just poof gone. Guess what message I got when I logged in after I noticed I didnt have any more money left? Hey, we got a nice special discount on shark cards, just for you! This reached a point where its just plain ridiculous. They are obviously doing this on purpose. Who knows, one of their staff mightve read my review and decided to do this out of spite. Meanwhile the game still has a lot of serious bugs and glitches, like in the Humane Raid heist, which makes the heist itself impossible to complete. They dont have time to fix their game but they sure have time to screw over legit players. To Rockstar What are you trying to prove by doing this? It only serves to justify how horrible youve become. You can try to silence us but itll only draw more negative attention to you.