Ignore the recent reviews. Little kids are just mad they cant run around in single player anymore in their llama customes.Look, its plain and simple. Most users will play single player once or twice through. After that, youre spending most of your time online. It has been made clear by Rockstar they banned mods because even some of those used in single player, can effect multiplayer. This basically falls in the line of hacking when used online.Anyone that has played GTA online knows hacking has been an issue. If this is the first step is getting rid of the hackers and online modders then move power to Rockstar.Rockstar is finally putting the nail in the coffin of the hackers and online modders. It needed to be done.At a later time sure, once they have tweeked and fixed the hacking issue, they should revist the modding community and find a way to weed out the mods that effect mutiplayer and remove them, leaving the remaining mods there for the single player modders. Im completely fine with that. BUT THE HACKERS AND ONLINE MODDERS NEEDS TO BE REMOVED!This is the first step in doing that. All these people cant see the big picture and just focused on what they cant do, how about looking at the larger picture and see WHAT WE WILL BE ABLE TO DO, PLAY ONLINE WITHOUT HACKS ONE DAY?!?!? Yeah, that would be a whole new online experience that Im welcoming to come forward.Open your eyes for one moment and just look at the larger picture.For those that dont think GTA Online community is worth saving. I present to you the stats.The game is still on the top ten list, even after the boycott of the no mods announcement, meaning a lot of those are online users and in the past 30 days the game has had an increase of 24 gains.The game is fun as is and totally worth the asking price, especially since Rockstar has been awesome about releasing free content and DLCs. I have logged over well over 300 hours. have it on console as well. I dont see the point in all this crying over modding. It puts PC users in an even playing field with console users as well, since they are unable to play with Mods.Support the cause to remove the hackers and online modders. This is top priority over users being able to wear their favorite llama custome...ABETTERGTAONLINE4EVERYONE 