Like many, I had high hopes for this game, which were dashed by the delayed PC release. I did not own consoles at the time so just wrote it off as a game I might watch someone play, but not invest in myself. Eventually the game did release on PC, and by this time I had little to no interest in it.Fast forward a couple years, I eventually decide that if I can catch it on a decent enough sale, I would get it. As chance would have it, I was able to pick it up for relatively cheap during the most recent winter sale.The singleplayer for GTA V starts out incredibly strong, establishing well rounded characters that are not just defined by a quirk or two, and is reinforced by fun gameplay and an engaging storyline. Sounds great right? Well this is how the game goes for the majority of the singleplayer, until you get about 2/3 through it. At this point the missions become very repetitive, almost as if Rockstar didnt know where to end it. This is passable, as like I mentioned, the characters and gameplay are great. That being said, for players who enjoy 100ing games, the side missions in this game feel VERY unrewarding, with the plot lines going nowhere, and the side characters being proven as meaningless for the overarching plot. I played through the first 2/3 of the game doing all of the side missions, before eventually ignoring them due to how pointless they felt, and how repetitive the whole story was becoming. Instead wishing to just hurry up and get it over with.If your intentions are to just play the singleplayer, I would say get the game when it is on sale, otherwise perhaps just watch a streamer/youtuber play it and save the money. Despite the strong start, I dont believe the singleplayer is worth the normal 60 price tag.This brings me to the multiplayer. Where to begin. One of the biggest factors that kept me from buying this game for the longest time were the reviews about the multiplayer. First the mass hysteria of hackers running rampant, and innocent players being banned for no apparent reason. These two alone were big enough to put me off. Eventually the reviews shifted from this, painting hope on the desolate scene of GTA Online the hackers are being choked out, and the random banning is a thing of the past. How wonderful to hear. If only it were so. The new negative reviews began pouring in. Seemingly by getting rid of their hackers, Rockstar got rid of a big portion of the populace that made this game profitable for them on PC. This, along with the dark tide of seemingly every video game in this era needing some kind of microtransaction, prompted Rockstar to introduce the dreaded Shark Cards, and significantly bump the prices of everthing in GTA V up. My initial reaction to the reviews was skeptical, assuming the people that were complaining about unfair prices were just too lazy to grind a little, and wanted everything handed to them instantly. Sadly, this is not the case. Items that you can buy in the singleplayer for say 500, can end up costing 10k or more. This is extremely offputting, from a new players perspective, especially considering the leveling system that is require to even have access to most items. There are definitely some serious balancing issues between new players and those that have spent real life money for the shark cards, and just makes for a distasteful experience if you are the former.I highly recommend you take your money elsewhere if Online was the main reason you planned to purchase this game. 