This game sucks.Grand Theft Auto 1 and 3 are great classic Rockstar games, but for Grand Theft Auto V, the game designers obviously were not thinking straight. At first it seems like a pretty decent game, a little different from the first in the series but, thats okay. San Andreas was different from the first, Vice City was different, but they were all good.The first thing thats strikingly different is the fact that you have to go through Los Santos, talk to people and buy stuff. I never really minded that, it makes it a little more like an adventure story and its kinda like SA, so thats okay. But the first problem comes in when it changes from day to night.Cops chase you.Why does this need to happen so often? Like, every five minutes? Why does it take so long? Nobody feels like sitting through this every time. How would you like it if you were playin a game and then every five minutes I came over, made cops chase you, then counted ten tedious seconds, and then let you continue to play the game?Now, I mean, why did they think that that would be a good idea and interrupt the game play, did they think it would be more realistic? I mean, in real life I dont have to stop in my tracks when the sun sets and a in helicopter doesnt pop up in the air. I mean, this is one of the most annoying features in any game ever. Whats the point? Yeah, I mean, the cops are stronger at night and the stores are closed, but whys that necessary and why does the game have to stop? Its in .And why do you have to die when you get arrested? Thats the stupidest thing Ive ever seen. This guy can go all over fightin hordes of evil civilians, but he cant even have his rights read to him?Sometimes I dont feel like goin down the highway just to get down to the Richman, I mean, theres no reason I should have to do that when I can just take a shortcut and pick Franklin. But, oops! I shouldnt do that, there might be cops down there.Another thing thats really annoying about this game is the fact that you have to buy weapons and haircuts. I mean, still, thats not uncommon, you know like I said thats the same thing you have to do in many great games, like SA, but, lemme explain.Here you have to collect dollars, which count as money. I mean, thats kinda odd, because usually dollars count as life or energy, yknow, so thats kinda strange. But, yknow thats not the point. The point is that the haircuts you need to buy are too in expensive, and the dollars dont add up enough. It takes too long to get enough of them to buy something, and it gets boring wandering around killing the same civilians over and over again just so you can buy an afro or somethin.Speaking of afro, thats pretty weird itself, isnt it? I mean, they were really being creative with that one, the afro.Anyway, about the dollars It takes too long to buy stuff, and, to add onto the problem, when you die, you lose all your dollars and you have to start all over again. I mean, doing this doesnt add to any of the games difficulty or challenge, it just makes us have to do more of the same monotonous stuff over again, and its not fun, its boring.Oh, look, I finally got enough dollars to go and buy a car that I need to cross the highway, now let me get to the store.It changes to night ingame.Oh its in night time, now the stores are all closed and I have to wait for it to turn day again. Oh well, I might as well kill some civilians in the meantime and stock up on some more money.The character ingame gets arrested and dies.OH Now I gotta start all over again.One of the worst things in the game are the sidewalks, which are areas where theres, like, pedestrians or people that look like you could walk past them, but instead you just get beat up. Its impossible to tell where these spots are the first time walkin through, so you just have to keep throwin fists all over to see where they are. Its . Why should I have to do that? Again, it doesnt add up to any of the fun, yknow, challenge of the game. Its just unfair and its annoying.In the nightclubs, theres no bosses at the end, which is a big disappointment. Every Rockstar gamester knows that at the end of a level or a nightclub, whatever, theres always supposed to be a big guy who ya fight. But here, they just got lazy and only put a few bosses in the game and left some of the clubs just empty like this one. So, most of the buildings you go through the Dungeon Crawler, to be exact, theres nothing at the end except for a phone call that you cant skip.In the rest of the GTA games the tradition goes like this You fight a boss, you defeat im, then a phone call comes down and you listen to it, there you go, on to the next level. But in GTA V, how would you ever figure out that youre supposed to throw a grenade at that call? I mean, when you first get the grenade you assume its a weapon, and you throw it, only to find that it does absolutely nothing, and that you waste it by throwing it, so you have to get it all over again.There are parts in the game that are definitely not selfexplanatory, and are too hard to figure out. Take this dead end for example Would you guess that youre supposed to pass through this airport? How? You have to kneel down by it for like ten seconds. Now, still, thats not enough to make it so cryptic and hidden that we cant figure it out, oh please, give us more for our buck and make it harder so we can wander around the whole game and exhaust every possibility before we find out. Okay. Guess what? You need to have a SawedOff Shotgun selected, and be kneeling down, and wait a little while before this magic phone call comes and takes you to the next part of the game.Most of the townspeople have things to say which arent important at all, so why do you have to hear em? Here, in the stores, theres books that you may find which actually give you clues about things in the game that you may need to know about. But, when I find these books, half the time its by accident, so I may hit the button and cancel it out which means I dont even get to read it and I dont have a second chance.Why cant I do that when it changes from day to night? That would actually be helpful. So, what the game designers figured is this it isnt absolutely necessary for me to read about how to find strip clubs or what Im supposed to do with a grenade, but what I do need to read, again and again constantly, is You have been signed out of Rockstar Social Club. How about Sign out of this horrible GAME?What a piece of I mean, I feel horrible that I had to play this game in order to make this video, but I did it to demonstrate its dreadfulness and I forced myself to play it just so that you dont have to. So, you should thank me for telling you to stay away from this horrible steaming pile of goat I mean, I know its useless complaining about a game that was made back in mid 2013 or whatever, but it just blows my mind how in horrible it is. I mean, its consistently annoying.Why? Why is it so bad? If all these problems were changed then wed have a great quintilogy of GTA games, but, history is history, and we might as well try to count GTA 4 as, you know, the last in the series, and leave this awful piece of horsealone, as it stands today as one of the biggest ups of all time.Thank you for listening, good night.The ending sucks too. 