Well, well. Here we are again.As much as I want to side Rockstar Games by constantly saying that GTA V is the kinda pinacle of all games, Im afraid that day has come to an end.Ever since I was young, I have been playing the GTA franchise. My very first GTA game was GTA Liberty City Stories, second being GTA Vice City, third is GTA III, GTA Vice City Stories, then came the legendary GTA San Andreas and the soso alright GTA IV.After all that, came GTA V.In my opinion, Rockstar Games has blown up with GTA V, I must say. I cant even have a stable gameplay even by lowering the quality settings, although my PC surpasses the minimum requirements to run and play the game. Thats alright. Ill pass on that. Overall, the story mode was swell. Adds more vibe to the old San Andreas, by removing some of the features from the original San Andreas. What happened to jetpacks? Never mind. For the first time in GTA V gameplay, you can control up to 3 main characters Michael, Franklin and Trevor. Alright. Even though Story Mode has its flaws, the gameplay is a soso 5/10.Then, we have GTA Online.Its terrible. Online is just trash. Forget getting bombed by fighter jet . Were talking about hackers playing on servers in broad daylight ruining the game for other players. Even worse, Rockstar Games does not give any regard to curb the problem. What they would do is just kick everyone out from the server and give players permanent bans. No justification is allowed because once the ban hammer is struck, they will ignore any attempts to have your account reactivated back for gameplay. I havent been playing Story Mode and Online for almost a year so I am not clear about this OpenIV and this modding conflict but now more and more people are aware that Rockstar Games is turning into more and more into a profitdriven game company and does not care about their customers needs and etc. Plus, its been 2 years since GTA V has been released on Steam but the original price is almost as expensive as the recent new retail game out there. Like, really Rockstar?Ive lived my whole life playing the GTA franchise, thinking that the newer the GTA game, the better it is. Indeed, its true, but only up till GTA IV. Im brave enough to admit that even GTA IV, where the aiming of the rocket laucher is awkwardly horrible, the driving is just like driving around town is like having a 100 ton metal block shifting from left to right as you turn and the helicopter steering mechanics are just dreadfully confusing and frustrating, IS better than GTA V. I thought this game would be better than the time I bought it on my birthday but it seems Rockstar has already hit the deep end with this game.Really, I wouldnt recommend GTA V to anyone. Buy GTA San Andreas instead. Its way better, I promise you.