So far, I can say I like it. The storys good, the gameplay is pretty solid, the game world is highly reactive and theres a lot of options for customization. The pace of advancement on GTAO is nice.However, some downsidesGTA requires you to, for.. Whatever reason register a second social club account if you wish to play it at all. So keep in mind that your product is kinda held to ransom behind that. But on a personal note, I really didnt care.The online servers are somewhat unreliable, and ive stopped playing public sessions because I encountered hackers almost the second I was put into the game. The tutorial weirdly seems insistant on forcing you to play online with people, potentially exposing a player whos trying to learn the game to players of greater skill or, as in my personal experience, a hacker. An experience that could prompt some people to demand an immediate refund!That being said, what has irked me most is the aggrivating way that Rockstar has set up the story to online transition. If, for any reason, you get pushed from an invite only session to a public session, you will have to wait for several loading screens because the only way to change to a private/invite session again is to load story mode, and then load GTAO again. You also have to launch the game in story mode initially if you wish to play in a closed/invite only session. The missions are enjoyable, id recommed rockstar consider adding in some basic AI for things like races and 2 player missions, so  that players can choose to race against or do multiman missions with AI for lesser rewards.I understand the point of GTAO online is to play online, but theres really no reason not to accomodate as many people as possible, and id love to team up against AI with my friends in the PVP jobs.Just my two cents. Overall, great game, worth the money.EDIT 10/23/2017 Finding rockstars servers to be incredibly unreliable. Multiple times ive been disconnected midmission and forfeited of all my earnings as a result.I also have at least one friend whos unable to play, and has found it hard to troubleshoot the issue because Rockstar makes no real effort to visibly provide fixes or tips for problems that are experienced by a lot of people. Rockstars general attitude towards customer service seems to be to do as little as humanly possible.