I was very happy when GTA5 was released on PC. Honestly I had lost all my hopes after a year or so for a PC port. In the end we got it after all.Storywisely the game is focused around 3 people and you can play them all and change between them anytime on the fly. This is quite unique for a open world game of that sort. Also each of the characters is very interesting and charming with additional backstory. Franklin is the typical Carl Johnson. Trevor is the fu up crazy hobo redneck kind of guy. And Michael is the lazy and rich family dad. Trever and Michael had a heist backstory where they or more like Michael only stole a lot of money. Michael lived a nice life in luxury. Trevor not so much. If it would have been up to Michael he hoped to never meet Trevor again which is also because Trevor believed Michael is dead. Michael had all the money. Michael runs into money problems one day and decides to make another heist to get more money. He meets Franklin, which is a total stranger to him until this point, and plans with him and another old heist mate a new heist. Well, then suddenly Trevor shows up. The rest is for you to find out. All I can say that all have amazingly entertaining quests and the story is crazy as hell.The gameplay is typical for a GTA game. It probably has the biggest amount of content of all the games. Only San Andreas rivals it. You can do all kinds of stuff from walking your dog even with a smartphone app to going on a date. At least you dont need to go bowling with Roman anymore. Screw you, Roman! One downside is that, like pretty much all games of this sort, the game is absolutely boring once you did the main story and sidequests. There isnt much to do after it unless you want to meet your friends all the time and do always the same things. Also some of the missions are heavily scripted and leave no real freedom on how to solve them. The flight controls on keyboard and mouse are really terrible. Way too complex, couldnt they just take simple controls like in the Just Cause series? With a controller I didnt have many problems. In the end I recommend you to play the game with a controller anyway.The map is pretty much based on San Andreas. Some changes and new places here and there though. Also for the first time you can go fully submerged and explore the depth of the ocean! There is even a quest where you have to collect barels from the ocean. Other environments like the county or forests look absolutely beautiful! The desert is there of course too! Add to this giant lively cities full of citizens. GTA is one of the few games which really manage to create a lively world around you. Most NPCs in such games feel like bots but in GTA they always had the special edge.The graphics and the PC version in general is absolutely top notch! This is the first time where I can really say that Rockstar Games did a good PC version. I was mostly disappointed from the ports of the past. There are even advanced settings to higher the view distance even further. Those settings are only for the absolute highend rigs!GTA5 also comes with a Multiplayer part. I honestly only played it a couple of hours when it came out. What I saw was a MP mostly overrun by trolls, hackers and kids. Guess its not avoidable anymore nowadays, especially with a game series like GTA. What absolutely killed my fun was getting tons of money from random hackers. I even heard that Rockstar bans people for no reason because of this. Get your sh together Rockstar! However, the MP is pretty good and a lot of fun if you have good friends to play with. Especially the heists are an absolute pinnacle of fun. This moment when some mate fu up the heist because he isnt able to press F to exit the motorbike while rushing down a cliff. Sadly the MP also comes with the micro transactions which every dev puts into their games nowadays to make the most of money. It is not that bad with GTA5 though. I can say its pretty acceptable.The game is also moddable but only to some extent, like with all GTA games. Also Rockstar doesnt seem to like this in general and there was and still is a lot of controversy about this topic. For some time a primary modding tool was completely banned from being used. From what I am gathering its fine to mod the SP now but not the MP, which is totally understandable. Rockstars stance is very anti consumer friendly but honestly I wouldnt expect less from them. Its obvious they mostly care about casual console peasants and not PC gamers. I dont even think that the next Red Dead Redemption will come to PC. Well, Rockstars loss but since they only care about money and give a damn about the community. I really dislike them. Not as bad as EA or Activision but still far away from being good.Positive aspects Entertaining story Charming characters Giant world with many interesting places Very good PC port with many graphic settings and good graphics in general Well made weather and day/night system For the first time you can go undersea and explore the ocean floor Entertaining multiplayer with friends No bowling with Roman anymore First person view option! Very good car controls Amazing English localisation Cool radio music Balanced difficultyNeutral aspects Microtransactions which are acceptable and optional but overpriced... I personally think that many of the missions are too heavily scripted, no freedom, feels like CoD oftenNegative aspects The SP can get quite boring after the main story Multiplayer is overrun by hackers, trolls and kids Rockstar has a anti consumer friendly stance and bans people for no reason and has a problem with modding Terrible flight controls with keyboard and mouse, took me WAY too long to land the damn chopper in one mission Third party Rockstar Games clubI think that GTA5 is a good game. Hell, I paid fullprice for it at launch on PC. I still think it was worth the money and this means something. HOWEVER, I think the game is overhyped. Yes, it has tons of positive aspects but for someone like me who is less of an casual and wants to have, for example, more freedom in a game, it can be kind of meh just following the map marker to my mission place, kill all the hostiles followed by a cutscene and some driving back to another place. Because its mostly always like that. At least the game throws in different gameplay mechanics from time to time such as stealth missions. I personally get bored by casualized gameplay mechanics. Guess I am too old. The story and world alone is worth the money in my book. Especially the characters will forever be memorable for the videogame history. Also the PC version is very well executed. If you have good friends the MP can be a lot of fun. At the same time the MP can be a pain in the , especially for loners. I often just think that GTA5 lacks a bit of gameplay fun sometimes. I would even go that far and say that certain aspects about other games such as Just Cause or Sleeping Dogs are better. Especially Sleeping Dogs is definitely better for me then GTA5. Maybe not story or persona wisely but the whole package just seems better to me.I definitely have to replay the game once I have some time for it.Rating 8,5/10 