I was originally planning on writing some long, dragged out story about my experience with GTAV, but lets keep it in a nutshell. Owned the game since the first day it came out on PS3. It was the only game I ever played. New generation consoles came out, jumped on the XB1 bandwagon. Things began to get ridiculously pricey ingame and modders were sprawling everywhere. In posession of a gaming PC, bought it to play with friends. After a combined total of about 2700hrs across 3 platforms, its clear the toll that pumped out content is having on players. Heres a question for you how many people can you count who have worked theiroff grinding out missions and races and bought any of the new content from recent updates who havent glitched, had it dropped for them or paid for shark cards? I guarantee you at most youd be able to count MAYBE on two hands. Rockstar are on some heavyif they expect people to part way with upwards of 20mil on buying vehicles that are meh compared to some of the existing ones, even more so if they expect you to splash out additional cash on upgrading them. The latest example is the Bombushka which was added about a night or two ago. Huge aircraft check. Heaps of defensive weapons check. Excessive price tag for what youre getting check. Can be destroyed in 3 50.cal shots with 100 armor upgrades from a sniper with explosive rounds ...excuse me? Dont believe me? Hop ingame and see for yourself. Take a good long look in any of the vehicles in the GTAV phone and just add up the price tags, I bet my left nut nobody can confidently say that theyve bought them without getting financial assistance through P2P or money drops. Especially if youre paying that much for something, at least make it worth what youre paying for. And to be honest at this point, any person who considers buying this now as a completely new player is gonna have a prettytime trying to continuously save and grind to buy something when even more expensive updates are right around the corner. Just...sigh... 