Fun when its good, extremely frustrating when its not.Ive only played Online mode so i wont review singleplayer.Below are some PROS, CONS and TIPS. Further below are some further thoughts.PROSHeaps of content for your money, loads of activities, missions, races etc.Combat, Driving, Pedestrians all the things that make a GTA game awesome.Character customization including weapons, clothing and accessories they cost a lot of money though.The Heists are fun and interesting the first few times, the cutscenes can get annoying though.Cool and unique game modes.Free DLCCan grown weed and cook methCONSTake two tried to remove singleplayer mod support, not cool they should be able to work how to stop cheaters without trying to do DCMA takedowns or whatever its called.Loading, so much loading its crazy.Some missions and heists send you driving across the entire ing map, its alot of driving to do.Everything is really expensive and making money takes alot of time mainly because of all the loading. Even clothes and jackets etc cost thousands of .Lack of control over the mission and setup lobbies, you cant just do a bunch of setup missions and then do the heist. After EVERY setup you load back into freemode if its got a lot of players this takes a ton of time.Missions work a little differently you can choose from a selected bunch of missions on the lobby voting screen however they took away the ability to replay the last mission so you cant just grind the same mission over to make money.Lack of options when doing missions, you can make playlists for jobs/missions but you cant include the coop standard missions in the playlist? Why the hell not? Because you would make too much money too easily.When youre a new player it can be tough in freemode with all the other higher level players around.Some instances of cheating, personally Ive only seen it a handful of times i just find a new session straight away.TIPSPlay with friends more friends  more money making potential, join a crew as well im yet to do this though lol.Get the Kuruma you need a garage first i think The best purchase you could probably ever make is the Armoured Kuruma 500,000, you can solo missions on hard difficulty, i would say this was the most worthwhile purchase i have ever made.Passive Mode Press M and then press the Up arrow key and press enter to choose to go into passive mode, you cant use weapons or fists but noone can kill you and you can go do things like get armor, change clothes get a haircut without being killed.The micro SMG This is probably the second most worthwhile purchase Ive made, once you get the ability to go off radar unlocks at Level 40  you can call Lester and then roll up on someone and fill them full of bullets and zoom away.Go off radar You can use it to ambush others and to run away when youre outgunned.Get an Apartment/Penthouse that enables you to do the Heists. I spent hours deciding on what apartment to get, i got Richards Majestic 51 you should really do your research before purchasing an apartment. Think about what you want to get out of the location and what other jobs/activites that you regularly do are nearby? Where is the nearest Helipad? Is is near the CEO/Biker office/clubhouse? What garages are nearby? Is it easy to get home if someone is chasing you?Get a place out of town When you can afford it buy a cheap garage or house out in the country, the city is very chaotic, lots of players have their homes there and it can be a pain to always start in the mayhem.Buy a fast aircraft When you have the money buy a fast air transport, the Buzzard is a good choice, any personal vehicle can almost always be called for missions and freemode.Check the warstock website for discounts I got the Savage attack helicopter the Russian HIND gunship for 1.4 million on special.Watch the minimap Press the Z key a bunch of times to zoom out on the minimap, you should always have one eye on the minimap in freemode.Only buy a few guns And clothes etc. If you buy an item of clothing you cannot get rid of it and things can end up clogging your clothes/weapon menu. Guns can be dropped with F9 or F10 but it when you load back into the game you have all your weapons again.Get the homing launcher Aircraft are extremely vulnerable to homing rockets, usually one missile is all it takes and the pilot gets little warning and has a short time to eject especially the savage, its slow and it takes ages to eject out.Macros If you can do it setup macros for putting on armor and changes clothes etc, they are usually several menus deep. I have a logitech keyboard G105 it has 6 macros keys and software to record macros, its so easy to record a macro in game. I have macros for putting on armor, going into passive mode, change masks, calling people Lester,Mechanic,Peagsus. Nothing is more frustrating than trying to run away from someone and struggling with the menu to put on armor.Eat Snacks Press M and go down to where it says action change it to eat snack, then you can press Capslock to eat and regain your health. You can spam it while in cover press Q or in your vehicle.Go into passive mode Before Heisting with randoms go into passive mode, at the end of a setup mission or heist you all load into free mode right next to eachother! Anyone can and WILL shoot you in the back.Save your money Save save save, everything costs, even a  gray jacket in the clothes store costs like 20,000. Sometimes its best to hold off any purchases.The main problem with online is the amount of loading and the lack of control over your lobby and settings. If a player leave your setup/heist mission you get dropped back to freemode and another fking loading screen. If you fail a mission more than four times it drops you back into freemode and another fking loading screen. Sometimes after missions or setup/heists end you end up hanging on the loading screen for ages. The game drops everyone back to freemode after a successful setup mission and you need to load into freemode then load back into the setup lobby, its too much, way too much loading. Sometimes the game drops you and your friends into different freemode lobbies, meaning you all need load into another lobby again. The peer to peer networking means that if one friend is far away from you especially with a poor connection they can possibly drop out of the game and yep back into a loading screen.Recent updates mean you cant replay a mission you just did, you cant choose what mission you want aside from the first time and then only whats displayed, items in the game cost so much money and its difficult to grind out money when you have so many loading screens, it feels almost deliberate. Theyve made money harder to make so you will buy the shark cards. I dont have an issue with shark cards really, they are funding all the free DLC which is great but seriously the balance isnt right.As for the gameplay when its all running smoothly its a ton of fun, some of the missions make you drive a long way but other than that the game is awesome. With this game you really need to be making an effort to always be making money doing missions,setups/heists, bikerCEO jobs etc. Sure you can roam in freemode stuffing about, its great fun but focus on making money and things become much better. 