This is actually one of the worst games I have ever played. The map and graphics are the only things the game has going for it. The rest is either mediocre or just plain bad. It baffles me how people say that this is better than GTA IV or even San Andreas.Lets start off with the story. The story sucks. It can be boiled down to Rob bank, get money, since thats really the only goal that these characters have. Youd think with 3 playable characters that there would be the most amount of missions in the franchise? Nope. There are only 69 main missions and 4 of them are optional, which is less than GTA 4 and San Andreas might I add, and only about half of them are good. The heists are really the only highlight I have for this game. Theyre great, but arent good enough to excuse the other bad apples that this game has.The characters are awful. AWFUL. Franklins likeable but as deep as a puddle, Michael is just the generic rich, drunken father with family issues and Trevor is just a psychopath. Not a badass, an unlikeable psychopath. I get that hes supposed to be like that but Im controlling this guy for a good portion of the game. The side characters are boring, too. Lamars just a generic gangbanger, Ron is just... there and Wades only purpose is for comic relief. Compare these characters to Niko,  Sweet, Big Smoke, or even Roman if you can put the memes aside.The weapon arsenal is okay. There are simply too many guns and they all feel the same as eachother other than minor stat differences. You will be hardpressed to find the difference between the Assault Rifle and Carbine Rifle other than looks. They arent punchy, either. They feel like plastic guns because of the lack of recoil/accuracy hinderance after shooting for a long time, and the gunshots are extremely quiet. Agian, compare that to GTA IV when the gunshots nearly drown out the noise of everything else around you and how the weapons actually got less accurate the longer you shot them for?This game has a lot of content but said side content is just not fun. Want to do a 30 MINUTE triathlon? Want to play Tennis, a minigamethat is only fun the first time you do it? Want to play Golf which, like Tennis, gets boring after the first time you play it? Want to collect 50 letter scraps which makes you go on an hour long wild goose chase around the map? Want to collect 50 spaceship parts that, like the letter scraps, sends you on a wild goose chase around the map? Want to do the Strangers and Freaks missions, that are okay but extremely forgettable? Go right ahead, this game is soindepth!The Online Mode is a P2Wfest. Worse than some MMORPGs I have played. Want to grind for hours, days even WEEKS to afford something, or do you want to spend 20 to get said something immediately? Its a grindfest, but the bad kind. The kind that gets repetitive not even an hour in. Rockstar have clearly put all their heart and moneyinto making as many fans happyfrom this Online Mode.What a pile ofthis game is. Dont buy it, especially in its current state. Who else is ready for GTA VI to be as bad as this game?