1. With the new update out, players are now able to get their hands on a man portable death star 50 cal. explosive sniper rifle that can see through about 10ft of solid objects with a thermal scope tested, essentially giving players the ability to wall hack and oneshot anything up to a hydra fighter jet with amazing hit scan bullets. This will cost you millions of dollars in game and potentially a fair ammount of irl money cause aaayyyy shark cards unless you are willing to sift through afilled slot machine of randomized unlocks and upgrades that you have no control over which can take hours to unlock.2. Gun running manufacturing job itself takes more than 7 hours to completely fill up the bunker with goods, and pays a maximum of just over 1 mil if you decided to grind your supplies instead of flat out buying it. This and the biker business basically function like a mobile app telling you to buy some sort of premium currency or wait for hours.3. Gun running also added a muscle car mounted with a player controled dual minigun turret, missiles, and a mortar launcher. This car costs more than 2.5 million dollars flat out, and the weapon unlocks again require you to sift throug that awesome RNG unlockfest. The car is hilariously overpowered when driving around in a heavily populated public game, so if you are minding your own and see one within 2km driving remotely in your direction, you may as well just give it a hug and embrace death.4. Game has become a flatout grind fest unless you pay up your hard earned money for some shark cards, which give you such a low ammount of money in comparison to the hyper inflated cost of cars, houses, etc.5. Hackers / scripters in nearly every public lobby you join. If there is a ban wave, expect to see them return in a few days.6. Upon the launch of gun running, R decided to combat the rampant issue of people having money dropped on them by leveling out peoples bank acounts in comparison to their spending. This ended up with completely random results of some players having their entire banks with legit money reduced to nothing but thin air, players with hundreads of milions of dollars in cash having  only about 510 mil taken away which hardly puts a dent in anything, and some people actually having their account leveled out.If you are one of the players who had their entire banks wiped out for no good reason, I am truly sorry.7.poor communication between the devs and the community to the point where it seems like the devs dont even care about players at all.8. Take 2 Interactive then essentially stated that modding the game is illegal by sending a takedown notice to the OpenIV devs lest they be taken to court and potentially sued for violating developer rightsTLDR Single player is pretty good. Online is pure distilledwater. Take 2 Interactive and R dont give a singleabout it and also really want your money.