Its great to know that a company values money over the satisfaction of their customers sarcasm. It was a blast to play through the singleplayer mode bacause it offered a cool storyline. What made singleplayer even better was the ability to add mods to the game that basically just continued the game past its storymode, whether it be adding cool new cars that the COMMUNITY has taken the time to make or even just messing around with a menu that can change the gravity, change the playermodel, and do many other things. Recently I have been playing online with my friends and I am just amazed at how each update added to multiplayer includes cars or property that is well over 2 million ingame dollars. When you complete all of the heists, you can get up to around 3 million as long as its your first time. That sounds like a lot of cash until you see the reveal of a new update that introduces trucks with guns and supercars that are priced at over 2 mil. Or you could spend your money on some of the new ways to make money through dlc such as exporting cars or gunrunning. Through many weeks of grinding to make money you can finally purchase just one of the things that allow you to purchase something along the lines of a rocket bike. You could easily feel proud of your progress, or you could also come to the realization that all of those weeks of grinding gave you absolutely no entertainment but rather just stress.What many people have already done inside of Grand Theft Auto V is cheat in cash online just so they can keep up with the numerous updates. It was understandable that Rockstar has tried their best to remove modders and hackers in ONLINE mode, but removing mods in singleplayer? Thats just taking it too far. What I have come to realize about this game is that it is fun only if you have money. Call me poor, but Rockstar seriously needs to come out with a update that improves the game itself by adding abilities and usefulness of the iFruit phone apps that is of no cost to the player, for example the kicking and melee feature in the biker update. We need more updates and less DLC.