There was a time where Id recommend this game to friends. Its fantastic! The singleplayer is great, the online is fun! Theres more than just killing people!Not anymore. Ive bought this game 4 times now. First on the Xbox 360 with the super fancy best edition whatever that was, then on the PS3 normal edition, then on the Xbox One normal edition, and then on the PC normal edition. Thats over 300 to Rockstar and Take 2.I knew PC would have more modders online than the new gen console versions. So I got the PC version purely for mods and to never play online.Ive sunk over 1500 hours in the Xbox 360 Version, and then another 900 or so in the Xbox One version. A good amount in the PS3 version, and a good amount in the Steam Version.I wouldnt recommend this game any longer. Since those first days, the last few major DLCs and the end of DLC coming to singleplayer has turned me off of it.There are no ways to get money fast playing this game. When the game came out, the most expensive property was 400,000, and the most expensive car was 1million. Now, its 4million in the form of a basic office in a skyscraper downtown. Then of course theres the 2million optional garage for the skyscraper, the 6million Yacht a base model Yacht, may I add, these can cost up to 12million, a 2.9million underground nuclear bunker, and multiple small side businesses for up to 900k each, dont forget the warehouse properties for up to 1.6million.Oh and the cars. When the game came out an Obey 9f, which is an Audi R8 a car costing the real life equivalent of about 140,000 was priced in game at about 120,000. Fairly reasonable. Since then, there has been a Jaguar F Type added to the game in the form of the Ocelot Lynx. Its a sports class car, and in reality shouldnt cost too much more than the Obey 9f. In real life, its about 100,000. In the game its 1.7million.Same thing happened longer back, there was a Subaru BRZ lookalike car added to the game. I have never seen someone own one, you know why? Because it costs 700,000. I wouldnt pay that. Not many people would.What you may not know upon reading this review, is that Rockstar and Take 2 also have Shark Cards. In game currency that can be bought with real life money. 100 buys you 8million. 20 buys you 1.25million. You get the idea. These werent initially available at the start of GTA Online, only a month or two afterwards. And the 20 card was the most expensive. Now, there are even more expensive options.The increase in cost of living in Los Santos has no doubt in my mind been because of these Shark Cards. Rockstar and Take 2 have been trying to squeeze money out of this game as much as possible. And online is their way to doing it.Singleplayer DLC news was promised in 2014, however it is 2017 and there hasnt been any word on it at all. Presumably this DLC has been cancelled for online content.When the game was marketed before release, Rockstar also said there would be stock trading in Online, however 4 years down the line this has not come to fruition. Presumably because the concept of free money or stock manipulation has them scared of a loss of potential earnings.This is how games work, right? This is why PC has mods for those who dont want to play online or cant or dont have the time to.Well, its not going to be this way much longer if Rockstars parent company Take 2 has their way.Earlier this month, the creators of OpenIV, a modding tool that blocks the multiplayer aspect of GTA so that the singleplayer aspect can be modified for mods such as vehicle mods turning the Lynx into an actual Jaguar F Type for example, singleplayer functions such as LSPDFR, and more received a Cease and Desist letter from Take 2 during the height of E3.Take 2 believed that the flood of gaming news during this time would stop this story from getting out. It hasnt.In the letter they cite that the creators of OpenIV are violating Rockstars property, and that they need to stop distributing copies of the modding tool or face legal action.The creators of OpenIV have been doing this for 10 years. And their mod does not affect Multiplayer, in fact, it has measures implemented so this cant affect Multiplayer.But precisely, this is the problem that Take 2 sees. If less people play multiplayer, less people will buy Shark Cards and less people will spend money on their online game. So they want to stop a gigantic modding community.PC isnt even the largest platform for this game. In fact, I would suggest it is the smallest. With the largest platforms being PS4 and Xbox One, there is no reason that some people playing singleplayer could pose a threat to Take 2s earnings. Yet it does to them.And thats enough for all of us to stop playing their game, and start fighting back. Im not the first negative review today, and I certainly wont be the last.Take 2, youve gotten 300 of my money in games, and 140 of my money in Shark Cards. Im not buying them again. And my preorder of RDR 2? Thats been cancelled.