After years of playing the single player part of the game on Xbox and PC i recently decided to give the online game a whirl. It was enjoyable at first being able to take part in missions, activities and of course heists with other players, but i quickly found myself suffering the same issues as every other player. Those issues being hackers and the faulty and over zealous anticheat system, perfectly complimented by a turd of a company.Id heard of people being banned for simply having things like afterburner running along side GTA Online. The worst and most common case is people being banned for having hacked money dropped on them. The ban policy states you cant even appeal against them. This really serves as a testament to the arrogance and apathy of Rockstar/Take Two.I had hacked money dropped on me, and i filed a support ticket stating what had happened and the response from support insisted that i would be in the clear regardless and to just carry on playing as normal. How you carry on playing with hacked money that can get you banned i dont know. I waited a while for them to remove it like they said they would, and after weeks of them not bothering i transferred it to a throw away character. This way i couldnt accidentally spend any of it and i presume i could carry on with the game without worry. Then i got hacked money dropped on me again. This time i just stopped playing.I see no reason in getting into a game where all of my achievements are going to be taken away because of hackers, a pathetic anticheat system and the apathy, arrogance and obliviousness of Rockstar/Take Two.So i headed back to single player to enjoy all the great mods....then these idiots took that away as well.If you want this game you should only buy it for the single player. Online is trash and truly highlights Rockstar/Take Twos incompetence, arrogance, greed and peanut brained stupidity. Modding has effectively been outlawed for the single player, and for the sole reason that it makes them look like theyre finally doing something about the hackers that ruin GTA Online but, everyone sees right through it and sees them for the morons that they really are. 