Overall this is my general review on this gameGTA 5 was a masterful game when it came out in 2013. It still is, but now it is not as good as new games that came out more recently or maybe because I have played this game too much, so that affects me.Still, it is one of the best openworld game out there, so I would still recommend buying it.however...is another storyWhat I have always wanted since I was younger back when we used to play GTA SA Multiplayer mod was to have a truely openworld online game, that I can play with my friends, to do whatever we want that we cant in real life, and have fun in it.GTA OnlinethatNow that I have found 3 friends to play with, it kinna is fun. However...apart from the time that I play with my friends, GTA Online is pretty boring, grindy and frustrating., money and level is TOO important in this game. You need to gain levels to unlock weapons, and you need money to buy cars, houses, planes,...And the process to gain money is really slow. I have played 200 hours only Online and I still cannot buy most of the new things that came out in the new DLCs., one of the reason why everything takes so long is because of the LOADING TIME.I feel like out of my 200 hours, 1/3 of that is just for loading...Rockstar does this thing where when you join a game you will be put into Sessions of many players, then when you join a mission it will take the people in the mission into another Session with only them...then when the mission is finished they have to move all of the players back into another Public sessions.All of that moving from one session to another TAKES AGES..., because all of that...comes the hackers and cheaters. And Rockstars anticheating engine is so s h i t that you will constantly see players with 1000 levels and all kind of weapons/vehicles hunt you down.These hackers/cheaters only play this game to destroy the FUN from anyone else.So what did Rockstar do about this? Upgrade their anticheat system? NO. They decided to ban modding altogether.Which of course affected ALL of the modding community, and custom servers,...In conclusionIs GTA 5 worth buying? YES.This game is still one of the best games you can play out there. Despite all of the bad things I listed above, this game still brings me more fun than frustration. And now since it is on sale, its a good time to pick it up.If youre reading this right now, and planning on buying the game...maybe add me on Steam and we can play together D Ill help you out if youre new.