The I Feel Like Reading A Novel VersionA couple years back, I had saved up for the better part of that year on virtually minimum wage to finally upgrade from a barebones laptop to a much higherend computer, and I distinctly remember that this game was finally on its way to PC, and how excited I was to play it as one of my first games on my new rig, along with a free copy of Witcher 3 graciously donated by a friend of mine.I had a blast.  I really did.  We all did.  We used our stimulus package, got ourselves apartments, one highend car, then proceeded to farm missions for cash, shoot each other, talk trash, all that good stuff.  It kept us reasonably well occupied for months.  It was then that I noticed something, something changing in the lives of me and my friends, perhaps by coincidence.  We started getting actual lives....Well, maybe in the beginning it was more they were getting actual lives at first.  We still managed to all hop on, but I found the game wasnt as enjoyable without them, I wasnt fond of online lobbies full of hackers, which had been a problem since day one, but I figured it came with the territory.  Either way, I still managed to have some fun by myself, working towards better guns and more cars on my own, and cherishing the time I had when my friends hopped on.  As time went on though, our time together got shorter and shorter.  They were having relationships, weddings, kids, or even just longer shifts at harder jobs.  As all this was happening, more and more DLC was pushed out at greater and greater prices, and I too stopped having nearly enough time to catch up.  I couldnt just play this one game, struggling at the same missions I had played a year previous due to my inability to find any sort of enjoyment from playing with the public.Thus, I cheated.  I found a way to get money without all the grind, bought a yacht, multiple apartments, all the guns and military hardware I could purchase, and filled those garages with cars.  Before this and ever since, Id never resorted to something like that, and at the time I felt very guilty.Notice that I said, at the time.I was caught, obviously, had my remaining funds removed, and I was banned just like I should have been.  I served my time gracefully, hopped back on weeks later, found I still had my other assets still available, and for a short time felt on top of the world again.  With all of my illgotten gains, I was able to convince my friends to come back for awhile so we could share them together, and was more than happy to let them wreck these fine cars I hadnt earned, but we had a great deal of fun.  Then more DLC was released.  Then more.  All interesting, all with shiny bells and whistles...but all at absurd prices.  I cant even imagine how long it would have taken to legitimately earn all of the stuff on my account previously, but to acquire all these new vehicles, new properties, new weapons...All at once, I no longer felt badly at all for my previous actions.  I only felt disgusted that I felt guilty in the first place.Needless to say, Im here today because of the recent attack on modders and content creators that are doing their best to freely and legally have some enjoyment with this medium, like me and my friends had tried to way back when.  It really got me thinking about the direction gaming in general is taking, a pastime that has kept me above water for the past couple decades.  I have other things now of course, and in fact with my own work and relationship obligations, my own time for such endeavors is dwindling, and I have less time to hop onto this...well, Im not even sure if I could call it a game anymore, at least just from my personal perspective.  It feels so much like a job now, except one that has no true payoff that I could get any real use out of.  I just feel like if I wanted to struggle doing monotonous, overly familiar nonsense to get a nice car, I could do it in real life, and get a real car.  Games are supposed to pull us out of everyday struggles for a short while, not remind us of exactly what were trying to get a little break from.I guess Im just rambling now, and not making a lot of sense, but Im probably not the first person on the internet to do such a thing.The TLDR And I Have Important Stuff To Do VersionThis has become a game geared increasingly towards minors.  The content isnt fit for them, but the time needed to grind the same missions over and over again for twelve hours straight obviously could only be feasibly accomplished by a child or teen with few to no responsibilities.  Of course, there are Shark Cards, but Im not even going to bother speaking on those, nor do I have to.Im just glad I was given Witcher 3 as well, as it retains the same charm it had that very first day, and never became something so...painful.