MAJOR CAVEAT I only truly recommend the singleplayer game. Online is pretty unbalanced in multiple meanings of the word.The singleplayer game is a pretty great experience. While I dont find it as memorable as San Andreas mostly because of SAs allstar voice actors and early 90s setting, it still definately has its moments. The characters are all unique, the setpieces are fun, hours of sidequests, randomized events, and the storyline snowballs them all together perfectly. The ability to switch between multiple main characters at will is one of the most interesting features as it really brings a sense of life to the game. You can switch between the characters and experience different events happening all over the map practically simultaneously. Might want to install your own music if youre older than 24. Its not the game features a bad soundtrack for older players, its just that the good tracks are split up across multiple stations making it annoying to search through the 16 stations while driving for a good one. 9/10GTA Online, on the other hand, is actually a pretty terrible experience unless you have a group of friends to roll with. The gameplay is designed in such a way that the opening grind for a new player to generate enough cash to begin setting up any sort of buisness is purposefully daunting in order to entice those new players to buy a Shark Card to get started. I refuse to buy Shark Cards and so I commited to the grind. After a few hours you realize that the whole experience is mostly just repeating the same bland missions for around 20k a pop, and your going to need MILLIONS to do ANYTHING. And once you finally do become somebody your times only take a turn for the worse as suddenly everyone is interested in killing you for your money and supplies. There are very few missions or events with any sort of story to them which makes it all feel disjointed, and without the random events to flesh out the world. At best I can only give the online game a 7/10. Oh, and be prepared to spend half of your time in the loading screens.Finally, Shark Cards, which deserve their own section. Rockstar is a greedy company. Hands down. The pricing of these cards is absolutely atrocious and there are only two kinds of people that buy them rich people, and people are who are bad at math. The highest card is 100 reallife dollars and all theyre going to give you is 8,000,000 ingame cash. Thats enough to buy a Bunker and furnish the inside, but dont think that youre going to have cash left over for a Motorcycle Club, a Yacht, and a Super Car. And you can forget buying upgrades for that car too. For 100 I would expect paytowin level ingame assets not that I agree with or support paytowin options, but, after all, youd be giving them enough money for an additional 1.6 copies of the game. For any other game I could get 2 Seasons Passes for that price. Rockstar can go  themselves on this aspect of the game.