So, I had previously made a rather negative review of Grand Theft Auto V made in the midst of all of the OpenIV drama. I was not best pleased, so I decided to rewrite it  the review is still negative because any critism I gave Take Two Interactive back then still applies now.Let me explain, I have no issue with Rockstar Games  infact, they seem to be rather supportive of modding their games, and have in the past featured mods on their Newswire site. The issue is with T2, and their ideology of sales over what the consumer desires. In Grand Theft Auto V, this is apparent through the ludicrious Shark Card scheme  which by this point has become a requirement for anyone wanting to have anything nice on GTA Online. It is also apparent with the OpenIV resolution, T2 took a big L and decided that their decision was going to hurt them.See how Ive been able to get by without mentioning that OpenIV didnt even support what T2 suggested allowing for online modifications so far? That really is a shocking indicator of how T2 acts. But to suggest that this was any suprise is utter nonsense  T2 having sent cease and decist letters to the authors of alternate online modifications for GTAV a few years back.As far as the actual game goes, its pretty good  okay story, very nice graphics. Online has become pretty awful has time has gone by, requiring either hundreds of hours game time to get money to have fun  or hundreds of pounds spent to have fun. It certaintly started off nice, I was one playing online as they released the X360 update.Note that I said the story was only okay  I say this as the story is nice, but doesnt really feel like a classic GTA title. For the money, and the story  Grand Theft Auto San Andreas is a much more viable option IMO. Considering the two share the same fictional although different in interpretation worlds, there are things that dont really add up for me  such as how the Ballas took over Grove Street, in the continued existance of The Families  or even how The Families could become a thing, CJ having really turned on every gang in Los Santos at some point for territory. All of these unanswered questions ontop the ier map, I find that San Andreas is a more enjoyable game  try doing a master save if youve got some spare time p.In closing, I will note that I may have some inaccuracies regarding the The Families and Grove Street, as its been a while since I last played through the GTAV story  which is steadily becoming the better half of GTAV. Frankly, T2 have put me off purchasing any of their new games  I wont be getting RDR2  Ill stick to their justasgood or evenbetter older titles, when they actually put the consumer first or atleast not as close to last as they do now. 