Edited The original post, made  during Take Twos fateful decision to fight all GTAV Online mods, remains below.GTAV is a fantastic game and features the incredible story, maps, cars and freedom to  everything up that GTA IV had and more  in droves.Online is wroght with annoying design flaws, but continues to this day to serve millions of players with wild fun, crazy activities and reason upon reason to continue playing GTA V. Well worth the price though dont get wound up if you decide to hate online because of the modders, or because they couldnt put a ing elevator on the upper floors of your ING GARAGE.Enjoy online after youve played the story  but dont get excited. Modders, bans and more await you. I love this game, but holy . Guys.Im not bitter  what are you talking about?Take Two Interactive recently decided to fight GTA V Online mods, a decision which put the developers of the mod looking to bring GTA IVs map right into GTA V for FREE. For this, I added my salt to the cellar. They retracted their call, focussing more on violating mods and solely on Online mods, but the Open IV mod died in the womb regardless. Im changing my review to the less biased one the game as a whole deserves from me, however, I will leave the original below as a reminder of the event, and to respect the votes this review recieved, two helpful votes.May the masses have no mercy on your souls, Take Two Interactive. Its time the pitchforks and torches emerged from the depths and threattened to terminate your only hold on life.As a recently discovered massive fan of GTA IV and immediately after it GTA V, the recent news about CD orders against OpenIV and other modding tools has served as the tipping point between putting up with a good, but uncared for game, and a game, or developer, I dont wish to support. Dont get me wrong I love the GTA series and have surprised myself sinking hour on hour into its games. GTA IV was buggy but not broken the bugs could be shrugged off with a smile and a shake of the head. I could deal with GTA V having incredible map and vehicle depth and quality, accurate and fun gunfights and quality built, story rich campaign play and yet lacking so horrifically in basics like hack combat and having a damn lift on every floor of the garage. But all this along with now knowing the community is being alienated, and all hopes of the fun selfmade and communitymade stories, and especially of exploring GTA IVs Liberty City in GTA V?You can count me out.Your move, TTI. Rockstar had better be shaking after this one.This review will turn positive the day GTA V sees its fans content appreciated once more or the day Rockstar buys every singe positive mod and signs their creators contracts to work on them as official software. We dont want to see the hackers and the griefers. Just the fun freedom Rockstar and GTAs reputations inspire. 