NOTE This review only covers the single player content of Grand Theft Auto V.What can be said about Grand Theft Auto V that you already dont know? This game is an absolute masterpiece that shows why the series is the father and king of the open world genre. For me, its definitely one the best videogames that i ever played. I played it to 100, and except for when i was hunting for collectables, i enjoyed every minute of it. What sets this game apart for the competition is the obsessive attention to detail in everything. You can see the effort put in creating this masterpiece. The story isnt as engaging as past GTA titles, but still manages to be pretty good and well written, with interesting characters, especially the main trio. Playing with 3 different charactes brings some freshness, even if they mostly play the same. The motion capture and voice acting work are great, making the cutscenes cinematic in a good way. Personally, i didnt found the soundtrack to be that good, and lacked some variety. The gameplay, however, is pretty good, from shooting to driving, and during most of the minigames and extra activities. The mission variety is good, even if the game is easier than past titles. The checkpoint and especially the mission replay systems are more than welcome. The map has the right size, but it could be better designed, especially in the country areas. It didnt felt like forests or deserts, but a big mountainous area that lacked variety. And the game is missing casino minigames and the freaking jetpack! That was awesome in San Andreas, and its absence here is disappointing. Its interesting that for me, what i didnt like here wasnt the games flaws, but the lack of some content. The game is big and packed with quality content, so its normal what i wanted even more. Even without Grand Theft Auto Online, this game easily deserves the full price.I also need to point out that the PC version is great. The game is superbly optimized for a lot of systems, and even on low end machines itll look great. The new first player perspective may feel like a bonus, but at 60 FPS and on a keyboard and mouse is a great way perphaps not to play i recommend using the normal camera the first time you play the game but to replay this amazing masterpiece. The PC version is clearly superior.