TakeTwo interactive has made one thing clear to the fans of GTA Online and Rockstar they just want our money.This game has now taken an EA stance it is now a OWOOP overwork or overpay game, meaning that you cant do anything in the game without having to put countless hours of your life into the game, or by paying large amounts of real life money for the items in the game. As of right now, I cannot recommend this game in any way unless you love wasting your time on a singleplayer story that only lasts you 3045 minutes, which is a weird thing to love considering that all of the development has been circulating around GTA Online.There are many reasons as to why people are mad right now, but a lot of people are pointing at OpenIV, a modding tool centered around the Grand Theft Auto universe, and the team behind it getting a cease and desist from TakeTwo Interactive publisher of the GTA 5 game to cease their modding development. This has sparked outrage for two reasons one, it had many more uses than to hack and troll in GTA 5 online, and two, because. This problem has been around for years, and now TakeTwo is taking it up a notch, ruining the experience of the players by allowing a microtransaction system that is flawed, unbalanced, and unfair, along with keeping the gameplay monotonous and tiring. Its truly sad to see a game with such great potential be ruined by the greed of Rockstar and TakeTwo.If you dont understand it clearly enough, Ill tell you my story, and Ill clear some other stuff upI started out playing legitimately. I have over 200 hours on this steam account after buying the game in late 2015 for PC and near the time the game came out for PS3 in 2015 as well. I completed the story 3 times, and then I started playing GTA Online on my PS3. It was fun, but for the 3 months I palyed it, I only got to level 17 and had less than 100,000 dollars, with only a tiny garage to my name 100,000 dollars is a small amount in this game, by the way. I then switched over to PC, and from there, I started grinding extrmely hard for the money. The most I ever had when I was playing legitimately was less than 2 million dollars, but the anticheat at the time was horrible and was banning people for no reason, and it happened to me I got banned because a hacker dropped 40,000 dollars on me, and when I came back, all of my stuff was gone, and when I tried to contact Rockstar Support, they basically gave me the cold shoulder. From then on, I said screw it, and started hacking. Of course I got banned again, but I was never going to be able to get what I got from hacking if I played legitimately, and by the way, I spent about 40 dollars on cash before I got banned on this account permanently. I deserved it, of course, but to be fair, there was no other way to get a lot of money without hacking for it, paying for it, or wasting your time on menotonous work.Yes, hacking is bad, and yes, anybody who hacks on GTA Online deserves to be banned, but trying to play it legitimately is either tiring or costly, and it just plays into the greed of Rockstar and TakeTwo.This is the extent of itYou want to buy a fully maxed out yacht IN A VIDEO GAME that serves very little purpose in the game? Pay over 100 dollars to TakeTwo Interactive for it.You want to fully max out your weaponized Tampa? Great! Just wait for hours for your research to be completed or waste money speeding up the process, much like Clash of Clans or any other fremium mobile games. Oh, and when you run out of supplies, go on super long and repetetive missions just to get supplies back to your bunker, while risking the event of getting your supplies destroyed by other players who have severely progressed in the gameYou want to make money? Okay, then get some business! You have to pay for the businesses though, and a motorcycle club to host those businesses, and supplies unless you want to do some hard dirty work by yourself, and after all of that, you can sell all of the product!...unless, of course, its document forgeries, or if your businesses havent been upgraded with the very expensive upgrades available for purchase.You want to make money some other way? Become a CEO for the low price of an entire building that costs 1 million dollars or more, buy a vehicle garage or cargo hold for lots of money, and then sell the vehicles and cargo you get from extremely repetetive and hard vehicle and cargo missions for prices nowhere near 500,000 dollars, which cant even buy you any of the luxury cars dating back to updates from 2016.Are there other ways to make money? Yes! Play long, repetetive races, and boring adversary modes that can give you anywhere from 10,000 to 40,000 dollars, which might be enough to get you a small Panto, but thats only if you win the game youre playing. Or, you can do heists, but only if youre level 12, have a heist room, or play with other people who may or may not fail your heist over and over again. By the way, only one heist gives you 1 million dollars, the rest give you much less, and you can only get that money if youre leading the heist. If youre not leading the heist, you get very low cuts. Heres another idea do long, boring time trials that give you little RP and a good bit of money, but take forever to do.Or, pay for the money. See, thats what Rockstar and TakeTwo want you to do, but they dont want you to have TOO much. You want 1.25 million, which isnt enough to get you one of the newer luxury cars? Fork over 20 dollars. Want a useless yacht for 8 million? Fork over 100 dollars, which for its young playerbase, is a lot of money. You want a bunker, or a nice house, or a nice apartment, or a CEO office, or anything that comes with them? Better fork over that 50 dollars in your wallet.As you can see, its either overwork yourself for money or spend your life savings on virtual cash. Its menotonous, its scummy, and overall, its indicitive of what this game will become.Shame on your, Rockstar. Shame on you, TakeTwo. This is supposed to be a fun game, not a money laundering scheme. You want to enhance the experience? Stop trying to get money from people and realize that theyre not going to be happy when you make the game impossible to play without putting your heart, soul, and cash into it.You disgust me, and you certainly deserve this review.I rest my case. Comment if I forgot something Ill make sure to add it. I know Im not the only one whos upset by this.