A great single player game. Very interesting missions, detailed and fun storyline without being overly complex and a perfect balance between casual and hardcore, meaning almost everyone can play this game to completion.For the first time in the series, you play as 3 protagonists, and can change between them as will. Not only youll see they doing their own funny things when they arent active, youll be able to appreciate 3 different sets of side missions for each character. In the story missions, however, youll be able to play with all 3, changing them in the middle of the action. Sometimes, this can lead to some amazing cinematographic scenes, where you are controlling a car with one of the characters while the other is sitting on the side of the road with a precision rifle. This means theres some strategy involved in some missions. Nothing very complex, just like most GTAs.And BTW, nothing in this game is deep and complex. But the game doesnt feel shallow either. In fact, R found the perfect balance. This feels like a casual game sometimes, but can feel like a hardcore game if you want. Most missions can be as easy or as hard as you want just by trying different tactics, and you can even SKIP difficulty parts IF YOU SO DESIRE. And just like GTA 3 and Vice City, most missions can be finished in different ways, you are free to find out the best tactics to beat each mission. In this aspect, the game is WAY better than GTA San Andreas.Also, the game is PACKED with side activities. Minigames, side missions, random events that may or may not involve your playable characters, LOTS of stuff to see and do and a huge and detailed map to explore.Great graphics WAY better than the console versions, BTW and a fantastic soundtrack complete the package.GTA 5 is not a perfect game. There are some weird flaws here and there, like cars that appear out of nowhere not as frequent as the older GTAs, at least, some missions that could be a bit more detailed, flying controls are HORRIBLE, etc. But none of the flaws really ruin the game al that much.GTA 5 is fun. No matter what you are doing there, youll have fun. Even when you dont feel like doing missions, you can just kill some NPCs to call the police, hop into a car and run away from the cops until you die or they give up. Theres always something fun to do here, and not only the storyline huge, theres enough content to keep you busy for hours! GTA 5 may not be the best game ever, but may be one of the most fun ones.Highly recommend this game. BTW, the game has an online mode, but I dont care for online, so I cant comment on that. 