First of all let me start with the fact that Grand Theft Auto and Grand Theft Auto Online are both very fun.Grand Theft Auto itself is very nice. It has a cool Story and a bunch of things you can do when not playing story mode missions. The Graphics are nice even when you are playing on a Laptop like I do. The Game mechanics and AI of the NPCs in the Game are quite realistic. Even the fact that there are different car types in different Regions in the map makes GTA V a very realistic game. The missions are nice and you can skip some of them if you failed them for the third time. You can use every vehicle instantly as long as you can find it somewhere across the map.The same things apply for GTA Online. The Gameplay is supprisingly fluid even with bad internet connection. The Heist Mission Thing allows you to make quite a lot of money if you play all of them through. you will have to bring along your own ammunition though. Rockstargames really tries to improve GTA Online with every Update by implementing new Vehicles and Money Making Opportunities. You can buy an Office and be CEO of your own company with warehouses and sell high end cars  or you can be a Motorcycle Club President  I recommend this one for starters as a Clubhouse is much cheaper and sell illegal goods like counterfeit money or drugs. Thanks to the latest Update you can now buy a Bunker If you are CEO or Motorclub Owner and sell illegal arms. A Bunker costs much money but I would recommend you to get one as it is a very good money making opportunity and will be needed to upgrade the new Vehicles that came in with the Gunrunning DLC.There are different types of missions and even if you are in freemode you can take part in so called Events and make some money.All in all a great game with developers who really care for making it better with every Update.FAQQuestion    But wait I keep reading here in the other reviews  Story mode great, Online sucks orbunch of hacker kids, enjoy. Money Grinding Mess. Whats with those comments?Answer      I do not deny the fact that there are a bunch of angry morrons in GTA Online. Thereare hackers, yes, but that is neither rockstargames fault, nor a reason to not buy thegame. The game is great and the result of many many work hours. Rockstargamestries everything to prevent hacking at the moment and I am very confidentthat they will find a sollution in near future. The money hacking thing has allreadybeen made harder for hackers as there are now limits for how much money hackersare able to drop. And in case of emergency  there is still a possibility to report hackersvia an Ingame GUI. The Rockstargames Support Office will read these Reports andReview automatically recorded Video Imagery of the reported Person .Question   Then why is everyone so mad?Answer      Just dont listen to them those are just kids who just got there supplies destroyed bysome guy on an opressor bike or didnt get the hacked money they asked for and arenow letting out there anger here.My conclusion is Buy the Game it is 90 worth it. 