Ive been playing Grand Theft Auto V for nearly 4 years now. Originally on Xbox 360, upgraded to Xbox One, then finally upgraded to PC when it was released. The 484 hours I have currently are just a fraction of the time Ive put into the game between both single player and multiplayer.GTAV has been one of the most interactive and compelling games Ive played ever. Free content drops on a fairly regular basis keep the game alive and keep me and my friends coming back.The single player experience was fantastic but wasnt without its faults. The 3 character story was interesting but I feel like it forced the story to be split up too much. I did come to enjoy Trevor, Michael and Franklin as characters but I never felt as connected to them as I did with Tommy Vercetti, CJ, and definitely not as much as Niko Bellic. I do REALLY wish there was single player DLC but It doesnt bother me too much.GTA Online is fantastic. You may get the occasional hacker or two that can ruin the experience but you can always just find a new session. Over the years R has released huge updates adding new missions adding to the story of Online. New cars, new guns, and new ways to play make this one of consistently fresh games Ive been able to experience. I dont feel like the game is meant for super casual players though. The people who complain about shark cards existing and feel like they dont have enough money for anything either dont play enough or they want too much and arent willing to actually play for it.My one real advice for people to have the most fun is to give yourself a goal in Online. Its easy to make money but you need to decide on what you want. The game is fun enough just messing around with friends but I feel like aiming for a certain apartment or car betters the experience. You can always play one of the hundreds of gamemodes that R has created OR you can play any of the game modes community members have made and posted onto Social Club.The game has gotten a whole lot of flack because of TakeTwos actions but it really speaks for itself. While I do think its still worth 60 because of all the content added over the years, you might now, so Id suggest waiting for sales. 