This review comes from years of gameplay and extensive gameplay from the recent Gunrunning Update. Before reading, I do warn, that my preference to Rockstar removing all mods from GTA V will not hinder the views I present in this review.Overall, the game is an amazing showcase of Rockstars talent of game development. The single player if you havent already is a must! It carries through the heritage and the loveable gameplay from previous GTA games but with new characters, hours of endless gameplay and good, quality graphics.GTA online as a whole is extremely enjoyable. With friends, it has been some of the most enjoyable gameplay I have joined in on easily in the past 5 years. However, I do have to raise my hands against Rockstar for the way in which money is earned in online. If you dont mind grinding missions for stupidly expensive items, youre safe. However, I do object to the inflation of in game prices and the decrease in money earned from missions and jobs. Before the recent updates of late2016 and 2017, the games financial system was very balanced and also featured some expensive items but nothing too stupid. Now though however, the finance has been hijacked by Rockstars lust for people to spend on the ingame currency through Shark Cards. Even so, I wouldnt object to it. However, paying similar amounts to the games retail price for 8 million ingame is pathetic.Lastly, the games aim for players is very scewed. It was in the past very balanced and lowlevel players had access to the tools to prevent the highlevel players from killing them endlessly. However, with the introduction of Gunrunning, it has posed issued with lowlevel players getting destroyed and pushing them away due to the Rocket Bike and other such vehicles which are virtually impossible to destroy if youre new to the game. With these sorts of vehicles, it does promote a lot of GTA players to go around and kill endlessly which is not necessarily a bad thing and is what the game is about. But it does push away a lot of new players which are trying to do what they can to level up and earn money.Overall, I would say it is worth buying the game, but I would also say prepare yourself for the endless grinding, the rocket bikes going around killing you constantly, and the shark cards being forced down your throat.