For whatever reason, Rockstar believes everyone must have a large group of friends or something. For the lonely gamer just getting started is a pain. You barely get to do anything. Each new DLC vehicle gets more and more expensive. The ceo, biker, and gunruning missions are the only best ways to make money and can only be done on a public server. Doesnt sound bad, right? No, youre dead wrong. Each mission can be interupted and screwed up by another random player or npc. I would be fine with only npcs but players bring an unwanted element to missions. Most public servers contain the typical trollthe guy that places a prox mine outside someones garage, the player that targets people specifically doing one of the three missions stated abovethe worst part is if they are succesful in the attempt to disrupt the mission, they get the money that you worked hard for, and finally the worst person of all, HACKERS. These jerks are usually ten year olds that have a god complex and just want to watch the world burn. At will, airstrikes can rain down on every player in game or worse. To make matters worse, multiple people have had the issue with hackers giving them large amounts of cash. Oh good, you may say. Nope. Rockstar is full of idiots who dont know what theyre doing. They have an anticheat system set up that targets the players that get money cheated to them and bans them while reseting the character you have spent long hours working on, as well as possibly some real money on shark cards, down to zero and removing everything you own in some cases. The shark cards are bull crap anyway. Take a look at the prices. Most of the fun, overpowered to the point of being broken vehicles Im looking at you, flying motorcycle are in the millions. Should you decide to spend the money to get it, you will be spending somewhere between 2050. And to have that money lost due to some hacker tricking the system into banning you and erasing all your hard, legit work, its not worth it. Save your money. Dont get this game. At least not untill they pull their heads out of their butts and actually fix the issue. I repeat, DO NOT GET THIS BROKEN GAME!!!!