Its a fun game. Lots of fun to be had. If you can afford it all. Lets start with vehicle prices. They are absolutely absurd. There are very few cars that sell for less than 100k. At least any cars of any value. Everything is exploded in price to where it is extremely time consuming to get even a single vehicle. They even have the laughably expensive and useless Deluxe versions of the Luxor and Volito. 10,000,000 for the Luxor. A jet plane with absolutely no money making worth. Now lets move on to the griefing.Its hell. Absolute hell. People grief in a variety of aerial vehicles, and GTA claims to give you the tools to effectively combat them. They have things like the halftrack, armed with quad 20mm cannons. It can take quite a few explosives before dying out, but it is absolutely worthless as an AA vehicle. The guns cannot aim up whatsoever and planes just have to divebomb you repeatedly to kill you, and there is nothing you can do about it. Want to angle yourself upon an incline to get better view? Nope. The guns are world locked and not vehicle locked. Also, terribly slow, will not catch any aerial vehicle. Then theres the Chernobog. Again, completely and utterly useless. This time, they claim to give you missiles that compensate with range. I call BS. Again, world locked, so you cant use a hill to help. This vehicle has terrible gun elevation, allowing for easy dive bomb attacks. And its so slow that you wont catch even the slowest helicopters. Finally on my list in the AntiAircraft Trailer. What a waste of a good million or so dollars. Completely and utterly useless, as its range is less than 1,000ft and it cannot aim up at all. Again, world locked. You can attach it to faster trucks, but it is still completely and utterly useless. Fly even a foot above sea level and this thing wont be able to hit you. Also blows up in a single explosion, rendering it pretty much useless. Thats my rant. Griefers buy the expensive aircraft and use it against any and all opponents, with complete superiority over anyone with any vehicle they try to use against them. this game. It is terrible. Only play it if you want a hangout with friends, and dont even try to buy anything cool. Find a car off the streets and use that. Good as anything else. 