If I could only play one more game forever, I would without doubt go for GTA V/Online. And I HAVENT SPENT ANY MONEY EXCEPT BUYING THE GAME. Heres why.Yes Rockstar are now making it very expensive for players to get stuff in game, and beginning to twist players arms to buy shark cards a shame, but as of yet, Ive never needed to buy a shark card, you just need to invest time to earn the money in game. The reason I dont mind this, is because the satisfaction when you DO save enough money, and the stuff you buy has a lot more value  representing hours and hours put into the game. The path to making money revolves heavily around the key principle spend money to make money. You need to do CEO/MC missions to make money easily. No shark cards, just earning ingame. Now to the rest of the game.The brilliance of the game is simply how much there is to do... The single player alone is phenomenal, with one of the best game stories Ive ever played, along with brilliant voiceacting, fun gameplay, and a top soundtrack that you can control.... Yeah theres the obvious pasttimes   driving around lobbing sticky bombs everywhere and shooting everything that moves slightly, but theres so much more.You can go mountain biking, play tennis, base jump, try and fill up a swimming pool with cars, pick up an innocent player in their car with a cargobob and carry them away, rob stores, customise cars, start a business, lead a motorcycle crew, get into smuggling and gunrunning, buy a plane, get repeated phone calls from Simeone... Enjoyed Burnout? Well you can basically DO Burnout in GTA, normal races, stunt races, boat races, races in cars that can jump and glide, and that have rocket boosters, race planes etc. Grab a BMX and learn to do freestyle BMX riding yeah, you really can, or find some buildings to do parkour on, become a law enforcer and follow the police around, assisting them in what can onyl be described has the most hazardous police environment known to mankind.And now we get to Doomsday, and there is basically a whole new story mode out, but now you can play with your friends. This game is seriously worth it, and Ive been playing since it came out. 