Alriiiiight, I am writing this. I wanted to write a review on this very long time ago, but I didnt find it necessary only until a few new updates that, as the most likeable review said, are really not kind of good.Most people said that if you want to play singleplayer, this is the perfect sp game with a good story, a lot of missions and side missions. I have no problem with these opinions. I think this also. This game has really good singleplayer where with perfect story, perfect plot twists, perfect scenes, lines, characters. Just perfect everything. I finished the main storyline about 34 times, well not 100, only the main story, because I love the story of this game. But you might know what is the problem of this game and most probably the problem of Rockstar.Its GTA Online and their thirst for money. I think that they do realize how much time it takes to get money. Lets say that you just bought the game and you enter GTA Online. You came through the tutorial and start playing on your own. And thats where the trouble begin if you play alone. You maybe know something from videos that a good source of money are heists. So you go join some heist with random players. They see you are rank 15, and as I started with the game, I got a lot of times kicked from the jobs, so I had to get some ranks through the simple missions and stuff like that, but that didnt give me much money. Well thats not important now. The problem is that when you already are at about rank 50, you want to do something more than just joining other peoples heists and beg them for 20 cut. You want for example bunker. And thats the heart of the problem. With any object you want to buy on Maze Bank Foreclosures, you have to pay a million except mc clubs, but that was problem also because if you want to renovate any of it, it will cost you a lot money aswell, and in the MC club you have to buy some bussiness anyway that will cost you million  another million for customizations. And when you start doing something that you can profit of, for example selling cocaine, how long it takes you to get the amount of money that you spent on it so you could start with it? And the worse thing, how many TIME it takes you to get the amount of money that you spent on it. My problem is the bunker, I spent minimally 2 millions for the bunker, and I dont even have everything in there. Then I spent one hour of going for supplies and selling them, and after one hour i made 10k so that is something thatme off. And this is everything you see there. You have to sit 24/7 to get a lot of money and when you buy it, you have to sit there 2x more time to gather it back. Nothing like getting 200k dollars in 20 minutes doesnt exist. You have to give it time and attention... Then people are amazed when they see a hackers and guess what? I am not amazed, I kinda get it and I know why they are hacking because who wants this? You have to either play about 300 hours as i played to get money, or buy incredibly expensive cards to give you a few millions that you spend in a few minutes and you have to gather all the money again... So thats it, I think that Rockstar needs to fix economy in GTA Online because this is really unplayable.Overall I do not recommend this game, and the reason is simple. It is the GTA Online itself. The year of 2013 is far away so people do not buy this game for the singleplayer so much, they want Online, and if YOU consider buying this for the online and you dont have a friend or two to play it with, I do not recommend you playing this game because you will only be disappointed. I thank you for reading this review. Have a good day and a good holiday. 