tldr If you want to be treated like trash and to be accused of fruadulancy, then definetly get this game. If you value your time and sanity, make sure to skip this gameComing from a last gen console I had legitimatley earned 5million Heists, missions, sharkcards. I moved to PC to play the new content and get new updates, and along with it I got a 1.25million Sharkcard. I spend some money here and there, and ultimatly Im left at 3million and I decided to get back on the grind.One day I join a random lobby after finishing a mission, and the lobby happened to have a hacker who was giving away money, and put 30million into my account. Couldnt do anything about it. I contacted Rockstar Support about this and they basically said whatever, just keep it. I didnt spend much from it, and put it into my second character so I could go back to trying to be legit.A couple of updates later, Rockstar removes all of my money. That includes my Sharkcard and my legitmatly earned money. I contacted Rockstar Support again and they said that they found all the money in my account to be fraudulent and removed it all. I tried pursuing it further to get my 20 sharkcard back at least but I was threatened with being banned for false reports.Okay, so whatever Ill just sell some cars I dont use, and use the businesses I have to make money again. Come around to the new Smugglers Update, and I have 2million legit from my businesses, ready for whatever boatmotorcycleplane they have for this update. Keep in mind that I was grinding this money for a good while now and spent a lot of time working for it having to deal with public lobby bs and griefers.I update the game, and what do you know  Rockstar removed my money again for being illegitimatley earned.Now Im again at 0, with Rockstar Support being Rockstar Bot Support, I have not gotten any responses or any sight of help. In total I spent about 150 on the game from console and PC with Shakrcards just to be treated like scum of the earth. Im done playing the game. Since October of 2013, its been nothing but grind, grind, grind, just to get t like this.Oh, and just to salt the wounds, Rockstar is being generous and offering a whooping 15 discount on Sharkcards to those affected. you Rockstar. 