Theres something about this game that provides a bittersweet taste for me.Ive spent roughly 1500 hours playing, according to my social club, spanning over Xbox 360 and PC.I dont have a lot to say about the singleplayer since not much needs to be said. Its an incredibly complex accumilation of thousands of scripted lines, cinematics, events, characters and story made by a talented team, which cannot be doubted. Opinions of the storyline are a differnet thing, but fact stands that it took a great deal of complex work to make the game possible, for that, I happily approve and encourage people to purchase this game for this experience.Multiplayer is a different prospect entirely.Back in the old days of 360, there was a terrible hacking DNS storm. Money, everywhere, for everyone. Want to kill someone for that sweet 9000 bounty? Go ahead. Oh, what was that? You just gained 500 billion dollars? Money bags spawning out of the sky as a giant alien spaceship flies about wind turbines, crashing the game for all?Why can you buy so many expensive houses, upgrades, cars, bases, drughouses, giant yachts, bunkers, jets and helicopters for monetary amounts that take literally months of playing to aquire? Why are the prices of all things implemented at a much earlier time of this games life so much cheaper than the assets of today?Why does a bike from 2017 cost 2,000,000 as opposed to a 2015 51,000 bike?The money  level hacks of the first generation consoles. The only platforms the game existed on when it was released.Rockstar did a lovely thing, which was putting hard work into free DLC. The problem is, everyone aquired everything, immdiately. There was no feeling of challenge and progression. In time, all hacked money was removed, but the posessions aquired from hacked money were kept. Hackers still dominated many multiplayer lobbies. Missions were inconsistent and boring in comparrison to I will just stay in freemode and wait for a hacker to drop money.You could say that the actions of Rockstar today can be justified for this. They worked hard, they were on the fence about adding a PC port because of past exploitations, but they did it anyway. They put so much in, and got a giant screw you from the community as a whole in return.Bans are alot more brutal, current DLCs encourage sharkcard microtransactions, everything is extremely expensive, theres an elephant in the room feeling to the multiplayer world now. You could even say the addition of all of these extra games within a game modes are generous.However, on the other hand, theres a lot Rockstar has to answer for. Unfair bannings is the main one. The hackers tha do exist not as many, but still quite a few have the ability to remove money from your account, or add it. Kill you constantly in many different ways, prevent movement, prevent most mechanics of your game... the list can go on. This game is very complex, and with that, many deeprooted oppertunities for hackers to manipulate. Rockstar respond terribly to this. When I mentioned the bannings were brutal, they often hit the innocent as opposed to the guilty.So, to conclude. A lot has happened, and a lot has changed for this game. As it stands now, its pretty good. But unfair for someone not involved with the events of above. To join in on the content is to grind for months, or to pay more ingame money. I am unhappy with that state of the game. The reason I stopped playing is because I am scared my account will be banned, modified, or ruined through unfair reasons that Rockstar will be unwilling to help with.But as an overall experience, I dont regret it. I liked my journey here. Many good memories with old friends, mostly all gone now.Find your own opinion on this world. Id say its worth a shot. 