Rockstar themselves seem to treat Grand Theft Auto V and Grand Theft Auto Online as separate games, despite being inextricably linked to each other. As such, Im going to treat them as two separate games for review purposes.Grand Theft Auto V is a very solid game. Its that GTA formula were all familiar with, shoot guys and drive cars and shoot guys while driving cars. The gunplay is engaging and doesnt feel arbitrary, the driving combines a realistic sort of physics with the arcadey driving of a preGTA IV era, a world that stays true to Rockstars attention to detail, missions are fun and interesting with only a couple exceptions, the heists are engaging and encourage multiple playthroughs to experience the alternate routes, characters that are interesting and interact in interesting ways or theyre funny, at least, its got it all, basically. The PC version is essentially the definitive version, especially with a robust modding scene, its an extremely good game that I would personally recommend to just about anyone whos got even a passing interest in video games as a whole.Grand Theft Auto Online... not so much. The same mechanics are there, for the most part, but the core focus shifts towards an interminable grind. The player is going to spend a lot of time grinding for the next vehicle or business that theyre going to practically need in a public session, unless they purchase one of the Shark currency cards. The problem with these currency cards is that they are valued extremely poorly since many things in Online are going to be out of the price range of the 50 cards, with a few even out of range of the 100 card a yacht will run most of the 100 card and leave little room for upgrades. Combine that with a community thats rife with hackers/cheaters/modders whatever you call them, theyre basically just guy with mod menu and a scripthook that runs in Online and Rockstars bizarrely opaque banning practices if someone else runs a mod menu, and drops cheatmoney on you, its possible youll be banned, this rule seeming to change with every update, and youve got a recipe for disaster. Online is evidently more fun if youre in it for the PvP aspect, but I cant attest to this personally.Basically, if you want a solid singleplayer experience, this game cant be beat. If you want an online experience that lets you simulate the dreary grind of a 95 job, GTA Online is the game for you.