I can recommend the singleplayer, if thats your thing.The multiplayer has lots of potential, but is only being abused by the developers and publishers to lure players into spending real money for overpriced ingame stuff that is mostly there to show off or troll other players. Of course, you can earn it all ingame after hours of repetitive grinding. It takes some time until it gets repetitive, but eventually it does.Then there are lots of hackers, who apparently can do anything they want. Sometimes you will just die, other times you will suddenly have insane amounts of ammunition for a weapon unobtainable in multiplayer so you actually look like a hacker, if youre unlucky you will just lose money or RP.There is some freeroam stuff to do, which is not bad, but gets repetitive quickly. Also you need a good amount of money until you are able to start with it. Everything else is locked behind an atrocious lobby system, which will eat up your time. You will spend much time searching for a lobby or have the game search one for you, whereas there are way too few filter options or a just take me to a lobby that is about to start feature. You will spend loads of time waiting in lobbies, watching how two players leave out of boredom right in the second the last player to fill the lobby joins. You will spend motherloads of time looking at a faded out top down view on the city, which acts as the loading screen, because each time you enter a lobby or the game decides to kick you out of one or move you to another or when youre about to enter an actual game session this screen turns up. Sometimes it wont even go away. It will just stay there and after five or ten minutes you need to decide whether to restart the game or keep waiting. Ive seen loading screens disappear as if nothing was wrong after fifteen minutes of waiting and no indication or whatsoever what it was doing. And if you manage to get in a lobby that starts a game after waiting you will in many cases be presented a minigamelike session, whereas the minigames are sometimes fun, but often not well thoughtthrough and as soon as you are starting to have fun, the round ends and you get back to your beloved lobby. And if you decide you want to play another gamemode, you cant just change it, even if all the people in your session want it, because the game will present you only a random subset of available modes. Youll have to go through the loading screen to freeroam, then through another one to a new session.This game also online mode couldve easily become the game of the decade, but the developers and publishers decided to get a high rank in the list of games where you can buy the grind away and the list of games with the worst development decisions after a wellmade and potent base has been established. 