I cannot in good faith recommend this game.The single player is fun, but it feels... incomplete to me. They could have done a lot more with it, and the fact they canceled any future single player expansions/dlc just kinda meh...As for the online? Frustration. After Frustration. After Frustration. Multimillion price tags on just about everything, even just unlocking the ability to do more missions of various types. And this is when most missions and jobs payout just 10,000 per run, and take 530 minutes to complete depending on if youre solo or working with a group means youll be grinding them over and over and over again to get anywhere for hours on end.And then if you give in to the NPC constant spamming you to go buy this or that business, such as a hangar or bunker, and yes it is constant phone calls and text messages from the npc characters, youll find you can only do the special missions for those in Public lobbies, the same public lobbies where griefers and cheaters love to play in, and when doing those special missions youre pinged as a public target for everyone and their mother to gang up on.Oh and by the way those special missions? Even after you buy the buisness associated with them, youve also got to drop a few million more on the storage space to be able to do those missions. And then you actually have to buy the cargo to pack into the storage space. And then go collect the cargo. And if the cargo is stolen or destroyed by other players and npcs? Youre out the money you spent on the cargo. You get nothing. Oh and then when you try to sell the cargo, you also have to deliver it. And guess what? Youre pinged on the map for everyone to target while trying to move the cargo to the drop off. If your cargo is destroyed en route to the dropoff, you get nothing. Youre out all the cargo, the money you spent on the cargo... And yes, both NPCs AND players come after you whenever you try to do any of these, cause for players they get a payday when they steal or destroy your stuff.Heists? Well first you have to buy the ability to play them by getting a high end apartment. Cheapest one is 200k, which is still an annoying pricetag to deal with but at least doable. But then you have to have a leader BUY the heist for 10 of its potential payout. Yep thats right, you have to actually BUY the heist. And the first heist is only 2 player, but the rest are 4 player and if you dont have all 4 players you cant do it at all. Each heist then has a series of setup missions, the setup missions can be very complex and difficult in their own right, but the leader doesnt get any money from the setup missions. His other crew members do get some though. Oh and if any player dies during the setup missions, its a restart everyone fails, which can be frustrating if youve got a group of chucklenuts/randoms for your team. The actual heist is the same way too in that regard. And the actual heist at the end? You dont get to keep all the money from it, you have to divide the final payday to each of the players that run it. Leader gets a bigger cut by default 55 to leader, 15 to each crew member, but many players will moan if they get the default cut that theyre not getting enough out of it.Basically their online is structured so that if you dont drop money on shark cards youll be frustrated to tears. And even if you do, youll run into tons of frustration. Theres a reason people keep clickbaiting with videos on how to glitch extra money out of everything in this game on youtube. Its cause everyone is frustrated with trying to earn money without dropping hundreds of dollars they shouldnt be spending on a stupidly designed videogame.personal opinion Everyone at rockstar and take two needs a wake up backhand across the jaw. 