NOT FOR MULTIPLAYER. IVE HAD MY FILL ON CONSOLE.GTA V is going to be a landmark game for the 2010s, with how many copies its sold, and the game itself. Grand Theft Auto has always had an affinity for films and cinematography note the near useless cinematic mode you can use when you drive and this is the most cinematic entry in the series. The game follows a Crime/drama/liar revealed type story, one that hasnt really been done in the series so far. One of the characters is more or less washed up, an old veteran in the crime scene. Trevor, even after being exiled is still heavily involved with serious crime, even more so than Franklin. Franklin would be the most GTA of the trio, as hes just a gangster trying to work his way to the top. The story really kicks off when the three of them meet.To talk about the gameplay, it has been improved, and feels and looks better than GTA IV. The driving especially has been changed for the better, going from floaty and realistic, to tight and video gamey. The gun play is more or less the same, except now all the guns dont sound like youre hitting a plastic bottle against the floor. The set pieces in the story are especially fun to play through, my favorite being the boat mission, and the shootout through the recycling plant.The music in this game is stellar, icey synths over stuttering percussion on the loading screen, to big band brass when youre playing through missions, to even some other genres that characters will use the radio for the mission where you blow up the Oneil brothers meth house. This game feels very very modern most of the time, but will sometimes dip into the 80s or 90s.One of the most glaring flaws in the GTA franchise is still very prominent in this entry you cant meaningfully interact with the large, beautiful world rockstar has built for you. People will run you over, theyll attack you if you look at them for too long. This open world serves only as a hub area for missions, and collectibles, and any wacky stuff you want to do in your free time. These wacky killing sprees can be written off easily if you play as Trevor, or even micheal, where as in GTA IV it would create a sort of ludo narritive dissonance when put up against Nikos character.Dispite this, I still love GTA V, its characters, its story, its gameplay, and especially its music and visuals. 9/10