This is going to be a long review so please, bear with me...i do not recomend online but i recomend story this is 50/50If you are going to buy this game for just GTA Online...it really isnt worth it for 60 the story alone is what makes this game good. Online went down hill  from Further Adventures in Finance and Felony in my opinion. Then they eventually added the Rocket Car, The Ramp Car etc. But, to get the fun cars you would have to grind for hours on end to get the CEO building 1,000,000 minimum a storage place for the fun cars around 2,000,000 and then the individual cars were like 1,000,000 each! I remember when the Zentorno was reasonably priced at 750,000 and was one of the best cars in the game and looked amazing! But nowdays you pay 2,000,000 for a piece of literal human sht with a gun on the front of it that goes as fast as an autistic grandmother having a seizure.If you have too much money Rockstar will justyour account and take away all your money. This happened to me on the Xbox. I had around 20,000,000 that i had spent about 48hrs of my life getting and Rockstar just went no fck you eat a dck thats our money now! I have about 300hrs played on Xbox and almost all of it is spent in online. Dont get me wrong heist are fun as hell in GTA Online and its really one of the only ways you can get big money without having to pay Rockstar 180 AUD for 8,000,000. If Rockstar would just release a DLC that you didnt need toyour own bank account to get the cheapest item for, i would be happy. If they would give people money more often, i would be happy. If Rockstar would stop skull fcking their consumers, i would be EXTREMELY happy.Now, on to Story Mode...This game is well worth the 60 for Trevor alone. But with Michael and Franklin this is one of the best stories i have ever played in a video game. The characters, the amount of things you can do after finishing the game, the endless modding possibilities, the endless interactions. Trust me, there is always something to entertain you in this game weather its merilessly mowing down civilians or playing golf and then killing the other person if you lose. I personally love director mode since you can play as anyone you have met in the game like that fat guy you saw on the street or the homeless man you just finna clapped. Forget about online and play GTA 5, which is no doubt a classic for years to come.