So, not considering the extremely shady and idiotic behavior of Rockstar and TakeTwo as of late, there are several minor AND major things wrong with this game at least with the multiplayer aspect1 Rockstar does not care about the enormous number of modders who consistently play their game and get away with it. Id say a good 8/10 lobbies at LEAST will include one modder.2 The loading times are atrocious, and they have not bothered to try to improve this one bit. The loading times have been terrible since day one, especially for consoles. I was one of the poor saps who got this game for the Playstation 3, and I felt like I spent way more time loading than I did actually playing the damn game.3 Shark cards. Yes, because you released this game THREE TIMES and apparently that wasnt enough  so you had to include microtransactions in a AAA title made by a wellknown and revered games studio. Not to mention the fact that people will likely just spawn money for themselves as well as an entire lobby at times, so buying these cards is an absolute waste of money. WTF?4 Wanna play a mission? Good luck populating your lobby, since either no one plays them which is actually a real possibility, or the matchmaking system is just flat out nonexistent. The game basically relies on YOU to fill up a lobby via invitations to friends as well as strangers. It doesnt work, though, so... /Legends say that it is possible to participate in 30man activities, although I know it could only be a MYTH since that rarely EVER happens.5 lOL lets censor bad meanie words in a game about killing/having sex with hookers and shooting people in the middle of the street for absolutely no reason. Oh and you cant say Rockstar online because were too ashamed of this game to have our name associated with it. Rockstar6 Ammo will disappear for no reason upon death this is especially true for explosive weapons. This is a mechanic that makes me irrationally angry.7 wwWWWHHAAAT? You blew up a players car in a game about blowing up cars?! Back to the bad sport lobby for you, young man! Well separate you from your friends for an arbitrary amount of time and put a cute little dunce cap on your head because youre so NAUGHTY for acting like an insane drugaddled WARLORD in GRAND THEFT AUTO FIVE.8 Hey, did you stupidly and NAIVELY buy a bunch of weapons thinking that it wouldnt be ing DREADFUL cycling through each and every one of them every time you drive a car, searching for that certain pistol/submachine gun? Well youre a ing idiot because here at Rockstar were OBVIOUSLY going to make you do that since we have absolutely no way to store weapons you dont want or need. And you cant get rid of them, because whenever you spawn in another session well just put them right back into your inventory. Have fun!The only thing that I really like about this game is the singleplayer, and thats partly because it doesnt include the modders and toxic community that the multiplayer has. So if you get this game despite the fact that youll lose all joy for the rest of your days, get it for the singleplayer. The singleplayer is indeed acceptable. 