my review... rockstar dont give aabout any players that dont use mod menus, they protect hackers and modders and ban anyone that isnt a hacker or modder. never waste your money on this game or any game rockstar or take 2 interactive makes. they only want the hackers and modders as proven with gta online. they dont even give you a chance to defend yourself and explaine what a program does, nor do they even do research on the program to make sure they arent being lied to about it. rockstar has fail in every way possible. i hope the hackers and modders bankrupt you. its what you get for allowing hackers and modders in your game. discord needs to go away for good. and so do all the modders. they are all useless. they only want the money and have slaves to give it to them for free. and they are also forcing players to have sex with other players or the hackers and modders and officials ban you for not having sex with other players. this game is broken. its been stolen from rockstar and now discord thinks they own gta online. if discord is the owner its no wonder gta online is going down hill so fast. game is ruined and broken. i was banned for my mouse programs and a hacker getting an official to ban me for it. how many will be banned for using a 7 button mouse now? thats what i was banned for. banned for using my   mouse in a pc game. how pathetic are the hackers and modders going to get before they get stopped? as far as recommending this game or any game made by rockstar or take 2 interactive...  them both, never buy from either of them. they arecompanies. they only care about their hackers and stolen hacker money. go to hell rockstar and take 2 interactive. this review is truth. dont believe me go play gta online as a normal person and see how bad they treat you after 30 days. forced to loose every job, forced to have sex with every hooker and player then banned when you tell them its too much.  you rockstar. fouck you hackers,  you discord,  off modders. all of you go eatand die now.