Okay, Ive played Gta V literally since release. so when I say Ill probably never play it again, its with metric ton of salt. I dont just have 250 hours in game, its more like 500 total with 350 online had the xbox360 version, then transferred my character. In total, 4 copies of the game. Ive never had as much fun as when a hacker was in my game and minge killed me with cows. I try not to think this, and i try to say the grinding is worth it i personally have grinded for everything I have a meger collection of cars with like 2 supers but it never really was. Also I wasnt lucky enough to have seen a hacker friendly enough to give me money. So was waiting for one of two things to happen to gta online before i came back. Either 1 for Rockstar and take two to get bored and stop caring about the hackers and/or give us that promised single player dlc, cough cough or 2 the better option for them to get smart and make a sandbox multiplayer mode, that could actually compete with these hackers. I understand you need money, but jesus christ. Is it entirely inconcievable to have a mode that lets you play a true sandbox, like these hackers were? I had fun sure, but i never got my chance to spawn in 100 cows in the middle of traffic. That seems fun. A mode that lets you have all the cash and see all the apartments and have all the cars with no annoying ing missions, so maybe youll have goals to grind for in the real mode. That would be fun. Then shove the hackers into those unlimited servers, give them someone their size to fight. Hacks vs god mode. That seems fun. Aside from legality and blah blah, games should be fun, and what take two did and what they continue to do, is not fun. If youre not going to compete with multiplayer modding, then atleast stay the  away from single player mods, you cretins. Also it should be said that i never even downloaded the single player mods, but goddamn if I wont defend them because what take two is doing is blatantly anticonsumer.Edit Regardless of what you think of the modding situation, I might add that this game ran terrible for almost two years after i bought it. Then they did an update and now it runs as stable as minesweeper. My computer did not change, rockstar took all that time to actually optimize the game. That blew my mind when I logged in a couple of months ago and had stable 60 fps up from 35fps, for s sake. Dont make me think my computer is trash just because you cant make a stable game rockstar. 