I bought GTA V on PS3 and preordered the PC version. I bought Shark Cards early on. Ive logged roughly 2,000 hours into the game since December 2013 and I have watched the GTA Online experiment spawn a juggernaut. I wouldnt have expected what followed from Rockstar. There arent dedicated servers. Rockstar, instead, and years after launch maintains a peertopeer system in which modding is rampant and unavoidable if youre an avid player or social creature, as most humans are.I had many millions of dollars dropped on me as if it were a gift from the gods. I liquidated it to get rid of it because the guidelines are vague and Rockstar doesnt seem to be prepared for how successful GTAO has become, and TakeTwo, as you probably know by now, is treating the GTA community with outright disdain. Dont make the mistake I made, which was spending the modded money I had no control over receiving aside from changing sessions more quickly than I already had been and maintaining the 19 million GTA I had myself compiled over months in preparation for the release of patch 1.40. The automatic appropriate adjustment to my ingame accountsince I had no modded money left to removetook my cash as some sort of punishment for the game and developer and parent companys flaws and utter lack of involvement in the community. I was left with on patch day, no less, and confident Id grinded enough with a pittance. I would have to grind cash for probably 10 hours of playtime before considering even BEGINNING the new content. Im on my third separate ticket to Rockstar now the replies are short and appear as if the techs dont read your emails. They worship this automatic appropriate adjustment sweep and cant seem to be bothered to look at a situation individually. Maybe Im wrong, but even I know better than to make so much tangible currency to afford improvements other than a loading screen warning and opt for some servers to be rid of the problem once and for all. And whatever wrong one might claim Ive done, it wasnt bad enough to be banned for even a day, I maintained an account in good standing for well over three years and Its about time to move on.