actually  this game. Spent such a long time earing a few million dollars, stayed the hell away from modders, left servers when money started to get dropped and what do i get in return? ?ALL MY MONEY WAS REMOVED. Good bye to the millions I farmed doing thatpacific standard heist over and over again, Instead of giving us decent ways to make money in this game they either force us to play some old heists over and over again or doing boring as hell ceo/vip/president missions they are almost all pretty much the same that have the creativity of assasin creed following missions.Then there are the little thing, for a game praised for attention to detail there are aton of things that will end upyou off like how the mechanic, insurance people, or lester dont pick up their phone when you need them the most. I play games so i dont have to deal with thisin real life why cant it be 2 or 3 set rings or why cant the insurance company have some sort of website i can do my claims from?Oh and then there are the modders. Either its them dropping money to get people screwed over or its them making you into a flamming christmas tree. Instead of adressing modders the game decides to punish the majority of the non modding player base for their actions. They shut down popular singleplayer modding tools with lawsuits and reset peoples accounts if they are unlucky to be hacked to some insane level by a modder. In the meanwhile people flock to modders for free money and use it to buy all the opin the game. They then use this money to grief the hell out of everyone in the server for the laughs.For a game focused on stealing cars the driving mechanics are laughably bad. It is probably not that noticable unless you play a good number of racing games but things like proper drifting and decent driving mechanics are poor. All the cars are automatic and tuning cars to your driving style or customizing them to make them super personal is not even there. Its a rated M game let us upload custom skins and show off some real nice stuff. All the cars in a class are really similar with a very few number of cars with characteristics that stand out. The Zentorno and  Mamba stand out as the most fun to drive personally with many of the other being basically a blur of similarity.Maybe this is expecting too much but everyone who has not played this game should know it uses hitscan for gunplay. This mode worked great in old games and in arena shooters but in openworld or large map high player games the trend is to go to more realistic bullet physics. The balance of gunplay in this game is insanly out of wack especially after the last update. Explosive snipers are essentially all you need since the anti aircraft missles can be outrun by the jets they are supposed to destroy. Gun play at long range takes no time to line up a shot since bullets dont drop, this is fine in games like halo which emphasize twitch gunplay and arena shooter skills but in GTA it essentially means if a person wants you dead from long range they can do it with minimal amount of skill. This becomes really annoying if you happen to be in the sights of a rich griefer with explosive shots who can destroy any car you have with ease from an insane range. This game is a little older but This should be fixed in the GTA 6 which i am not going to buy thanks to how well this wentYeah heist are boring as hell.. but thats because there are only 3 proper ones and everyone has played them 100 times over, instead of giving us over priced garbage every few months with missions locked behind a grind wall why not make a few decent heist mission packs. Its GTA .. doesnt take the creative power of picasso to come up with something, I would rather get a decent scripted mission killing aliens or doing some paydayrather then play a bunch of missions showcasing whatever new million dollar garbage comes out in these new updates.Sure the new sports cars are interesting and fun to collect but im losing my interest in grinding for a few hours to get them.offline/singleplayer is 9/10 if you are interested in that side but I play mostly online. Even if you want to play this game offline please just avoid this game. The developers dont need the support and every purchase I feel is just supporting their t.I could go on and on about what this game does right, especially in the single player but online has been handled so poorly by the developer and all the little things add up to a negative review. I have almost 1000 hours in this game and I was ready to give it a good score. I thought all the people who had their accounts reset were modders crying about nothing and pretending they were innocent but, now I think there is a major issue with false flags in this game. 