 If youre thinking about getting this game, dont. In 2013 when the game first came out this was so much fun to play...now its just a rinse and repeat for cars, planes, boats, etc. The only real way to have fun now is to just do dumb stuff with friends, but even that gets boring after 20  25 minutes. I know it says that I have 0 hours one record, but Ive played GTA since 2013 on console and got to level 401 legit. Just incase anyone says that I havent actually played the game. This is my personal opinion on the game. Overall if you just want to have fun and enjoy the game for its story, then its worth buying. The characters are ones youll find enjoyable and fun to have around instead of annoying and repetitive. Theboost to gameplay is the ability to mod singleplayer. The modding capabilities are endless to choose from. You can add weapons/vehicles/texture overhalls. Things like that will keep you more than busy for hours. Mods such as LSPDFR Im sorry if I got that wrong  adds the ability to play as an office in Los Santos or Blaine county. There are many other type of roleplaying and fun mods to add. Three of these would be playing as Hulk, Spiderman, or Ironman. Im sure some of you have heard of this ingame item card called a, Shark card. Basically theyre microtransactions to buy ingame money for multiplayer. Now I know youre saying, Well you can just get money from doing jobs and hiests. While that statement is true, I have to say that its and absolute fcking nightmare to just even get a car at this point. Items and vehicles have become such a hastle to the point where you cant keep up with all the new updates that keep coming out. The only way to stay uptodate in the game is to either buy shark cards, or sell 3/4 of your cars and what not just to buy a single thing. Now heres where shark cards come in. Note that Im completely against micrtransactions when it comes to games. If you dont have the necessary funds to buy/purchase anything then your only options is to either buy a card or have someone mod you money with bilions uopn bilions of dollars. The whole grind in general is a major pain in the a.These are my personal thoughts and opinions on its current state and dont have any bias to sway your decision to buy this game or not. 