The PC community is where we have developers and publishers supporting modifications, especially where most mod to get aesthetic improvements, use of vehicles that neither the brand or the game owners would license Boeing, BMW, Kawasaki, Bentley, or role playing mods like LSPDFR where you work as a police officer doing all of the procedures and life an actual LEO would undergo.Whether their action to legally attack OpenIV programmers is to shove a modding DLC that will likely be diluted or limited to what exists or to give the middle finger to PC single player gamers is questionable. Their antagonism with PC gamers stretches for many years peaking with the exclusion of Red Dead Redemption from their roster. Their excuse of it being used as a tool for hackers and cheaters is naive at best. These people will use anything to their advantage including the devs own software and are a fringe minority to the thousands that have used OpenIV to have fun in the GTA series. In fact, likely they wouldve used other programs to do so since OpenIV vehemently would not work with Online. This is even more significant with such modding existing since the early 3D GTA games where it kicked off with many silly and great mods with their game, San Andreas.As for the modders, it is a sad week. The devs and publishers showed, despite what they stated to the news media, that they despise a good portion of their customers that dont just shut up, pay up, and play their glitchy Online minigames or pay actual money for their ingame credit card system. Many developers and programmers in this community support modding. Look at those with healthy additions in their Steam Workshop pages or files on mod site like at the nexus, such as but not limited to Kerbal Space Program, anything from Bethesda, ARMA, Company of Heroes, Cities Skylines, etc. Although my concern now is with Kerbal since the developers were recently bought out by the GTA publishers TakeTwo Interactive.Take Two and Rockstars contempt with us gamers shows an attitude that other studios also carry that justifyingly earn a negative reputation Electronic Arts EA, Microsoft, etc.. It is appalling how many would come to the defense of the former developer and publisher. If you are looking into this game, just avoid it to not be stressed or bothered by such hostile people. I recommend many of the newer games that involve similar actions or pick up a cheap copy of GTA San Andreas or Vice City, or even GTA IV if you can get around the crippling account service from the discontinued Microsoft Windows Live. 