Singleplayer is not bad, graphics is nice i guess. Story is average and cant reach even half of qualities of GTA SA.Multiplayer is absolutely terrible high ping almost all the time 5000 ms and higher  terrible servers loading times are about 1530 minutes which is absolutely horrible. Players killing u while being stuck in walls Cheaters, cheaters, cheaters,cheaters..theres not a match without meeting a cheater. Saddest thing is that these cheaters are level 300 meaning developers dont give a f.ck about them. defaultly after joining the game for your very first time u will have PvP enabled in free roam meaning u will getby minigun hundred times before u find out how to disable PvP. Enjoy. U will drop through the floor into the hell like every minute in matches Matches are endless some even 40 minutes and longer even tho they wont tell u.. and if u dare to leave u will be heavily penalized and afterwards put into matches with cheaters, exploiters and other garbage called as bad sports.. If u wont buy Shark Cards for real money u will be stuck with 0 money and cant do anything in game  cant buy even a gun shell every death 2000   meaning its heavily pay to win forcing u to buy ingame currency for real money. Cops are even more aggresive in online meaning u will lose weapons and money even more often forcing u to buy ingame currency for real money. Bugged entirely  unplayable in this stateEDITAfter playing it few days now Its somewhat better as I got used to all of this nonsense and their own logics but most of these problems persists. Missions are still plagued with 500 level players meaning u win 0 missions or jobs yep to this date i won nothing  always on last places in everything as im matched wtih nolifers  there is no balance at all u get matched with 1000 hours played players, still full of exploiters, init loading times still up to 20 minutes loading in 3040 game wont load at all and will say that Problem occured at server side. returning back to GTA 5 please try again . Mission loading times are better but sometimes wont even load at all will stay stuck so u have to restart entire game not my pcs problem as other players complained about this either, even in my lobby, still falling through the ground, ping is still  most of the time and i have good Internet connection, death is still 2000. Making money is still terrible  you make like 2000 per mission lol and weapons are expansive. Passive mode is disabled even tho i keep enabling it every fu.cking time  so u get spawnrapped to death by ultra pay to win players with 5k hours played with miniguns and all stats buffed and items you cant even have.Cant also forget cheaters which are present in almost every match you play including freegame. Theyre EVERYWHERE and theres not a single day where you woulndt meet one. So my experience is still very negative. 