After 1500 hours of playing this game, I think I am able to do a review on it.Firstly I would like to start on the gameplay itself. The game is pretty basic when it comes to gameplay, as it should be for every GTA game out there. It comes down to three different gameplay characteristics Character movement, Driving, and Shooting.The Character movement is not bad, its pretty decent. Using third person gives you that authentic GTA feeling to it, but first person is a new addition to the GTA universe, which at the moment is very broken. The mobility is way faster for a player in first person compared to one in third person, but the first person player has a worse surroundings aware compared to the third person. The difference can be seen during combat, however.The Driving is basic, its for the casual player, not very difficult to control, compared to previous games.The Shooting is very easy, the guns almost have no recoil whatsoever, and theyre not difficult to use. Sadly the main thing about being better is having the gun with the faster fire rate. The weapon selection is pretty big, but in the end it comes down to few weapons, such as the Special Carbine, Heavy Sniper, AP Pistol and Heavy Revolver. The melee system is very broken, and except the Knuckle Duster the melee weapons are just for the giggles, not for efficiency. The shooting becomes more broken when a player is using first person, because it gives him a huge mobility advantage over the other player, if he would be in third person. Due to the easy shooting mechanics the game is having a community of players formed of people killing other players for no reason and resorting to scummy tactics, called Tryhards.Secondly, I would like to have my own opinion on the community playing the game.Its no secret the game is dying at the moment, because of the prices, or the games age, so the players are separated in groups, Tryhards, Modders, Bikers, etcetera. If you want to start playing the game now, you should be prepared to be a target for every player looking to boost their Kill/Death Ratio, because for some people that actually matters.Unless you have a group of friends to play with, or find as quick as possible a community to join, Id say its pretty pointless to start playing now, because of the prices ingame, which is a topic I will get on now.The prices have suddenly increased since the VIP DLC, which was after the Heists DLC. People used to have ingame currency back then due to the Heists being new, and people used to grind them for currency.After that R has used the same strategy for future DLCs, such as the Biker DLC. It feels like R has turned lazy, which it did a long time ago.Throught the months the DLCs content was more focused on militarized vehicles, which are expensive, not fun, and it takes away from the core gameplay GTA used to be about. Long have past the days where you were just a criminal, stealing cars for a living, now R has offered us militarized vehicles and nuclear missiles to fight each other, which in the end benefits them, if you think about it.Thirdly I would like to talk about the storyline. The storyline was very blank compared to the previous games, and its pretty stupid. It was also easy.Since 2013 this storyline never got any updates, as well. The online is infested with DLCs which are adding stuff the game didnt need, and the story was the same for ever, no one is even playing it anymore, unless they use mods to customize their singleplayer experience.To end it, Im not recommanding the game for anyone who wants to start now, because it would turn out in a waste of time, because you would need a lot of grinding for basic needs, such as the Bunker, the Clubhouse, decent vehicles and whatnot, and all of this just so you can add a few bucks in Rs pocket. 