Alright. Im not gonna write a full review about this game cause im to lazy to do it. But besides that, GTA V has a lot of problems. Mainly Online. Story is completely fine, but the OpenIV situation that happened about a month a go was pretty damn stupid. I dont use OpenIV, but There should be no reason at all to punish players who mod single. That just ruins the fun. As for online. Im gonna write it below.Online has multiple problems. Mainly modding. Not Singleplayer Modding, Im talking about Multiplayer modding. The modders who dont ruin online or making online more entertaining and enjoyable, theyre perfectly fine. But Im talking about those modders who give themselves god mode, explosive bullets, teleporting the whole lobby to somewhere stupid, kicking players out of vehicles, randomly killing the whole lobby with the kill feed saying another person did it. Yea. I was with a group of friends trying to sell our shipment. Mostly Gun running. There are so many times that we had to search for a new session to either find a empty lobby, or find a lobby without a single modder. Because 1. They destroy our shipment. 2. They constantly kill us trying to make us mad by saying owned Wtf? who says that anymore every time they kill us. 3. Randomly Teleporting us. We Reported them so many times and even voted to kick them. Of course, nothing worked. So I sent a email to ta I mean rockstar about the modder with video proof. I expected him or her... or it.... to be banned by next week. Got online the week after. Found the same damn modder in my session.I dont think rockstar cares about the reports they give. They just ignore it and try to ban obvious modders themselves. WELL ISNT EXPLOSIVE BULLETS AND GOD MODE WITH TELEPORTATION OBVIOUS ENOUGH? For rockstar, no. The thing is. It looks or seems like rockstar bans people who mod their money and rp.If you want to get GTA 5, get it. Im not saying the game is bad. No, this game is fun as hell. But multiplayer can be a bit of a pay to win. Without money, multiplayer is pretty boring. Just do hiests with friends and dont go out of your house. who knows what the horrible not the good ones who make online enjoyable modders would do.If rockstar would get out of their lazy asses and do something that almost every online corporation did right, then I would give this a positive rating. 