Take note You can recieve bans  including total loss of your multiplayer account from other people using mod kits. Simply recieving money can lose your entire account. My Steam account has been perma banned and Rs TERRIBLE support will never undo this. Five M has come back and allows custom servers with custom mod support! Never play with Rockstars terrible server system again!TLDR For you lazy nonreaders lowering our collective intelligence and therfore I am contributing by making this easy for you. Rockstar/Take Two ruined a wonderful game. Dont care about their community. This is not the first or the last time we will see them take up issues where there are none and money is their only concern. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!ReviewLet me start by saying I was, when the game released a HUGE fan. It WAS one of the funnest games ever. I must now tell you to not purchase from Rockstar or Take Two. In fact stay away from anything Rockstar after GTA IV. This is a developer that does not care about its community or the quality of games it realeases. Rockstar and Take Two are now of the same ideaology as EA.When I first got into the game I was really excited, GTA IV was and is one of the best games of all time and the multiplayer was insanely fun. When the videos and articles came out for GTA V I was so pumped  what an epic looking game! The game came out and I had it the first week on the PS3. The multiplayer was amazing and a ton of fun. I waited for what felt like forever until the Rockstar team got their heads out of their butts and put it on the PC because I knew the adventure would be so much better on hardware that could properly create the world Rockstar envisioned.. I probably had 200  300 PS3 hours, 2030 on PS4, as well as the 232 you can see on my Steam account as well after being banned I have put another 100 hours into a brand new account I had to purchase. Combined with purchasing the game for my wife as well I have put a cpmbined amount of 240 and some tax into this game, I put a lot of time into this game, and for quite some time I was very satisfied with it. I really enjoyed it until Rockstar began their massive attempt to scam players  queue the Shark Card, maybe the worst attempt to rip off players from a AAA dev team in history.I honestly believe that cheating was spawned from Rockstars decision to create Shark Cards and and attempting to scam the living daylights out of players. Having to pay in game insurance, losing money when dying, barely making anything after hundreds of missions, the game just losing your money, and then everything good costs over a mil is a huge waste of time. Rockstars constant updates to the vehicles and buildings with the tiniest of changes costing millions of in game currency and nothing new or exciting yet costing what equals hundreds in real currency for each updates new cars or buildings is complete crap.So after all the crap the community started making the game fun again via exploit kits. Taking advantage of Script Hook initially This allowed players to spawn any manner of in game items, make themselves invincible, and even use the single player animations. Its really a freaking hilarious sight to see an alien running down the street slaughtering the whole server. The irony is this is also out of Rockstars laziness and cheap attempt at bypassing real static servers, by making the game a mesh P2P Rockstar could save money and have half or less infrastructure to support MP. In the end this allowed for players to in real time issue commands that all the other clients would recognize.Rockstar at first didnt seem to care at all about the rampant hacking. All was good in their mind since it didnt initially cut into their shark card profits massively. As time went on though I believe it affected the bottom line because no one gave a crap about buying over priced fake money for a video game after all this isnt clas of clans is it.... is i?. Then Rockstar started to notice that people were no longer having fun and spending money on their game. First they tried to rectify this with small ban waves and little content updates. As it became more noticable Rockstar cared less and less about the players and more about their bottom line free cash cow right? the ban waves affected people not even cheating, I personally lost my account from players gifting me money. This happened to hundreds if not thousands of players. Rockstar knew you had illegitemate money and they were going to punish you for it  no matter how you got it. I know I have attempted to explain this to their staff but their new system makes the second ban a perma ban according to their staff...So now we have a new update every few months and a ban wave. Except back again to Rockstars laziness the game still has rampant cheaters. Now I can tell you that there was a mod that would have likely fixed the rampant cheating called Five M. A mod being worked on allowed players to host private server, which would have allowed admins, passwords, and overall better security in the end. Rockstar like a shark card smelling dollar bills in the water immediatly went into a frenzy sending immediate cease and decist letters  how dare the Shark Cards be threatened. I do honestly believe though this would have resolved a large part of the issues with hacking as people would be drawn to other places and the community would continue to provide multiplayer mods for years to come. The EMS modding community for GTA IV made the games multiplayer into a Law Enforcment and EMS workers dream, as a Firefighter I loved the aspect of roleplaying fires out in GTA and hoped that V would get the same treatment. GTA IV is still going strong with their roleplaying community  something that V simply cannot maintain as you are stuck being a 2 bit mobster who cannot afford his own mechanic Who I might add was removed from delivering your car which now instantly spawns.Now I must make it known that Rockstar not only wants to affect how the multiplayer modding community exists but also remove single player modding entirely. This is the final straw. I must advise anyone to never purchase this or any other Rockstar or Take Two game as they clearly have no concern for their community and it all falls back to their passive income being threatened. Instead of making new and quality content the players would be willing to purchase they create half witted updates and expect players to drop real money on it. The hacking will not end no matter how Rockstar punishes its players.What I am most angry about? perma locking the titan door  the funnest thing in the whole game was loading tons of people in a plane and then bombing the city with them, however, hackers made this 10X better by giving us the cargo plane! These small little bugs or unintented glitches are what made the game so much fun. The GTA IV swingset provided probably 5 hours of entertainment itself seeing how many or of what vehicles you could cause to fly. Rockstars attempt to remove the little things from the game has made it even more boring. I dont want to pretend to make money and I dont want to spend money to pretend to make money. We come to these games for their open worlds which we can make into whatever we want and Rockstars attempt to shelter its players into their concept is boring. GTA is literally the most boring game ever if you play it as Rockstar intends  Seriously why do we have servers full of Bad Sports WTF? The game is about murdering, corruption, and theft but we punish players for doing that. The same line of thinking makes it even more hilarious that Rockstar punishes hackers when the game literally leads one to steal, cheat, and employ hackers within its story arks.My review mostly revolves around the multiplayer scene and modding. To be honest thats all that remains of this game and modding is in the end what made it worth sticking around.