Rockstar themselves have forgotten what this franchise is about.Its a good game, riddled with ridiculous weaponised vehicles and items that never needed to be added, and bugs that have never been fixed, some since release.Nobody ever asked for an orbital cannon, either. Its literally like paid, first party mods for players with actual modded money. It costs 750k to fire once. One time. One target. 48 hours of grinding for me, and thats money wasted on something that can be done with a single sticky bomb and a 4km trip in most cases.750k can buy a top of the range sports car and all of its performance mods. 750k can buy an MC. 750k can buy like 5 high end apartments. It used to take me an entire week to grind to get the Kuruma armored on the Xbox 360 version.The base game was great. Import export was a great dlc. Gunrunning, smugglers run, and Doomsday DLC was some of the worst dlc to ever come to this game. These DLCs make it harder to do NORMAL CEO/MC free mode missions.The amount of bugs sometimes makes this game unplayable, sometimes forcing me to restart the game, and wait about 4 minutes to get back into a good low population lobby where I can be safe from modders theres about 2 per 20 pllayers in a public session on PCI also enjoy this game most of the time, and I enjoy import/export missions, and it really sucks that some idiot in a flying car or motorcycle can lock on to me and destroy 80k worth of car. The risk is too much sometimes. Ive actually been so angry from playing this game sometimes. Its the masochistic sadists at rockstar to blame, not my bad driving or defensive tactics, or the 10 year old on the chrome oppressor, its rockstars greed. Absolute disgust for most of their employees.The thing I really enjoy though is the amount of pure vehicle customization. Theres no licensing of vehicles or vehicle parts, so they can literally put any non weaponised car in that they feel the community would enjoy. The Elegy retro is my favourite car. The manchez is my favourite motorcycle.Its like driving a really nice car covered in feces. Theres something good under all of it.I hope GTA 6 does not include ANY weaponised vehicles, unless they are about as powerful as a normal tank or hydra, with the same Pegasus delivery style. Thats how much I could tolerate. GTA 6 should ONLY be focused on what this game is about. Stealing cars, and driving cars. But they let the greed take over with GTA V, but only after 2 or 3 years.Would not recommend to new players. You have to be a player since release to have a good time.