Though many reviews you may read for this game will tell you that this game or at least its multiplayer is bad, I have a different opinion.Grand Theft Auto Vs Story Mode is honestly one of the best and most indepth campaigns that I have ever played. Not only is the story interesting, the sidemissions will usually leave you eager to play more of them. The ability to play as three completely different people, and make them work together in so many different situations is also something I believe was pulled off very well.It will keep you interested for quite some time.Grand Theft Auto ONLINE is an excellent concept, and has for the most part been fulfilled in my opinion. Though I will admit I can see where some people are coming from when they claim that the prices are outrageous, it just gives you a reason to enjoy even more of the game. Though GTA ONLINE can become rather boring if youre playing alone, getting a few friends to play along with you or making new ones can make the game far more enjoyable to play.From doing street races and lowlevel Contact Missions for your fellow AI criminals, to becoming a CEO/President of your own Organization/Motorcycle Club. I believe GTA ONLINE still has a lot to offer players, whether new or returning. Plus, there are still moreDLCs to come!It should be noted that other reviews will complain about a great quantity of modders/cheaters/hackers within GTA ONLINE or being banned from GTA ONLINE for no apparent reason. I nor any of my friends have not met many hackers, especially within the past few months, bannishments have never been an issue for me or said friends either. Though Im not saying this hasnt happened to others, I dont believe either are likely to happen much anymore as Rockstar has been trying to correct their anticheat and autoban services.Allinall, Grand Theft Auto V is a great purchase in my opinion. Though it may be better to wait for a discount, if youre looking to find an excellent singleplayer and/or multiplayer experience, Grand Theft Auto V could be the game for you! 