Gotta jump on the current bash R and Take 2 bandwagon.....For starters, I will admit that I use mod tools in online play, at least I did before the permaban those a.zzhats gave me. At the time of my ban there were idiots running all over the place blowing up lobbies, spawing crap all over the place, locking people in their garages, etc, etc, etc. The list is FAR too long to list everything I saw.For my part my only offense was givng myself cash, and sharing much more with others. I kept to myself, never killed anyone who didnt try to kill me first, and basically just ran around minding my own business.And who gets banned? Was it me or the jerkwad making life miserable for other players? It was ME.....Now, I understand the company is the business of making money, and part of their income is from those flippin insert a different word that starts with F shark cards. Players like me are actually in the minority and would have never spent a dime on shark cards in the first place. But banning players simply for giving themselves fake cash is a bit stupid, especially considering the things they were allowing to happen in the game.Rant over....I dont give a darn if R unbans my account or not, thats not the point of my review. Its been well over a year since my ban, and to be honest I dont even miss the game. At least not the online portion.R and Take 2 can shove it up their greedy rear ends for all I care. Negative review for you, butt heads, and not because I was banned, its because you constantly ban the wrong players who do nothing more than mind their own business.Heres a common scenario  Player joins game, looks to the sky and sees hacker zoom by at a speed so great you have no idea if its a plane, helicopter, Superman, or whatever. The next second the hacker is standing behind you and your character explodes after being stabbed with a small knife. 10 seconds later player gets kicked from online and receives a ban. Why? A hacker was in the lobby so everyone there MUST be just as guilty. Makes perfect sense. 