I have incredibly mixed feelings about this game. The Single player experience in this game is the most detailed complete open world in gaming, Not the mention this game is absolutely gorgeous. But like if you went to a restaurant and ordered a 80 steak it doesnt matter how absolutely amazing it is you wont enjoy it at all if the chef takes a huge steamingon your plate. Thats what TakeTwo has done they have done everything in their power to alienate as many people as possible for profit. For example they have placed a huge amount of supposedly free content behind a paywall, while some argue that all the content can be purchased with in game currency it is still highly impractical as the amount of time to make that money is asinine. You have to grind and grind and grind to afford anything. It you take months of playing 10 hours a day to unlock all the content and dont mistake that for replayability you will play the same ten or so missions again and again doing the same thing over and over. At this point its no longer fun, its a job. And if you consider you can make 100000 in game an hour and 100000 in game dollars is worth 2.99 CAD you are making less then minimum wage. It would be more efficient to get a job, a job just to pay for GTA currency. If that does not sound absolutely ing ridiculous then you need help. But it doesnt stop there. Why would TakeTwo stop there, there are still pennies left to pinch at our expense. A huge facet of not just GTA5 but also its Predecessors GTA4 and Episodes from Liberty city is its modding community. Modding kept GTA4 and it permutations relevant for half a decade after release. A huge part of this modding scene was the good folks at OpenIV who created the software to mod that game. But these dedicated coders also made modding in GTA5 a possibility. This team has being working on this as a passion project for nearly a decade. But in this last Week Good ole Take Two decided there would be no fun aloud and sent a cease and desist letter to the OpenIV team. While what they were doing was covered under fair use the costs of a court battle would have been astronomical and they decided it was not worth the time and money to fight. Just like that TakeTwo took their first steps toward killing the modding of their game. Their reasoning was that the tool would allow hackers to ruin the experience of other players. What TakeTwo refuses to see though is that hackers will find a way they will always find a way. Modders will give up if the feat is too great but hackers never will. Hackers have plagued this game since launch and instead of fixing it for the good players they take more way from them. A good example would be a school teacher who sees a student kicking sand in another students face, so they just give detention to everyone except the offender also they expel the student who had sand kicked at them. If you were in that school you would bewouldnt you? Take two has done everything they can to alienate their audience. This used to be a masterpiece but even the Mona Lisa would be worthless if youandall over it. Im terrified to see the absolutely horrific monetization they will inevitably role out for RD2. This game is amazing but its not worth it. The enjoyment of playing is not worth knowing youre paying TakeTwo to  the game up worse. TakeTwo Has cemented themselves as the second worse gaming publisher of the last few years. The fact that they are so close on the heels of Konami scares me. Why are these companies racing to the bottom of thepile? What Treasure do they expect to find down there? I dont know whats going through their minds but I know one thing, at the bottom of that..Its just more