Grand Theft Auto V used to be an extraordinary video game. A buddy of mine got it for me so him and I could play it on single player and mod the game to play LSPDFR. LSPDFR stands for, Los Santos Police Department First Response, and is a police modification in the game, where any player can partake in the role of any law enforcement official, ranging from federal, state, and local law enforcement jurisdiction.In GTA V, I used the program, OpenIV to modify the game to my liking. I changed the games police sirens to my local police departments sirens, my vehicle models to my local PDs vehicles and their exact lighting systems, I changed the police, EMS, and fire depts uniforms to match that to my departments. I am a modder myself, and I specialize in vehicle decaling, and texturing of the like.Ive shown my vehicle decals and uniforms to my old police chief of my police department. I walked up to him one day and I showed him my beautiful creations. Needless to say, he loves them, and he wanted me to email him all of the images I have of them, and to keep him updated with anything new. So, with that being said, I did so.He retired as police chief one day, and became chief of police of the states university, and a new police chief stepped in, what used to be the assistant chief. I havent had the time to show him yet, but I guarantee hell LOVE them. The police department loves my vehicle and uniforms Ive replicated of their department because I do one hell of a job.To this day, I continue to play GTA V LSPDFR and continue to patrol as my citys police department and take good screenshots for my department to see. However, just recently, the program that was the basis of my modding, OpenIV, was legally shut down by Take Two.This is a significant loss, as the basis of my modding has been legally shut down, for ridiculous reasons. I still have the program, and do not plan to get rid of it myself, no matter what Take Two says, I have lost all of my utmost respect for the developers of GTA V, thanks to Take Two. I no longer have any respect for them, and will continue to play the game how I want to, modded in single player.A lot of these modifications tell the player not to go online, as they will get banned, and not to go online with any modified file to begin with. Modding in single player has no negative effect on the game in any way, shape, or form, period. It never has, and it never will. There are players who still continue to hack online servers and exploit the system, yet, what are they doing about it? Little to nothing.Legally shutting down OpenIV does not hinder modders from modding, as we will always find a way to continue to mod the game as we please. It will also never stop hacking and exploiters in GTA V. In fact, shutting OpenIV down doesnt stop any hacker, period. You outdid yourselves this time, Take Two and Rockstar Games. This is by far, the WORST mistake you have ever made in your lifetime, and you will regret this, I assure you. Give it time, and youll be regretting what youve done.I know Rockstar is not the one who did the unreasonable action, however, theyre the ones who let some crappy company take them over and buy them. Their fault, and their loss. This is the lesson they will learn. Wait until GTA V stops making the revenue it used to make.Sincerely,A Used to Be dedicated Rockstar Games player.