Grand Theft Auto VThe Grand Theft Auto Gameseries was always rather successful and was always different from most games out there. It had and still has its own place. You cant really compare GTA with other Games, there are many similar Games out there like Saints Row for instance. But none can really win a competition of some kind against this Game.There are fairly great updates which bring many many new features into the Game even though I think some of them are a bit over the top so GTA V expands more and more. The question is When will that end? or When will GTA VI be released? because if GTA V expands further they wont have much space left on their Map theyve created.Rockstar itself has many things to do also and sometimes great problems with their servers, which makes it seem like they dont pay attention to whats going on or that they dont have the staff to handle what they plan to do. Whatever it truely is, I dont want to know.The grafics of the Game are surely amazing, if you have a Pc that can run it on those grafics. Otherwise you will end up with some grafics that look like they were made 2013 which maybe isnt that untrue in this case.All in all you need to like it, Im just a random guy who has over 600 hours of gametime in the Game who criticizes the Game.If you read this far congrats but there is still more which I really hope everyone is going to read.So we talked about the grafics and a bit about the Game and Rockstar Games.Now some Gameplay features. The Game has so so sooooo much you can do even though it sometimes seems like that Rockstar put their detail on the wrong places.The FirstPerson mode in GTA V is absolutely stunning. It looks so real for a game that is that i sometimes get scared about that! It gives you a great experience how it is like to drive around 300 km/h with a bike and then crash and fly around 500m! But lets be honest if a game is too realistic it wouldnt be that fun anymore for most, am I right?Well the shooting is really fun even though a bit hard with controller yes I play with controller because I like it comfySad is that PlayStation and Xbox have no crossgaming with Pc which could be a nice feature in a update. Before that they should get their servers straight cringeThe Police in the Game is probably the most surprising part of GTA V.They are godlike and have a 6th sense. Aaaand they getoff at you very easy. Like most NPCs in the Game.If they are notat you they are scared of you. NPC drivers, yes thats right NPC drivers are probably the worst. If they hear a gunshot they suddenly stand in the middle of the street with their cars. The make a Uturn in front of you. Or they just simply drive into you and run you over. But hey atleast they drive faster when they are scared, almost like players. ScaryIm not done here no no there is more and the biggest problem is yet to come.The history and brands in the Game are brilliant. Yes thats all I can say, its well thought out maybe not everything but hey no game is perfect, especially not the ones who claim to be GTA has a critical humor on many recent events and they also joke about it here and there but it is absolutely great!SelfRadio, easy to configurate and even better ingame. What that is you ask? How silly of me, for those who dont know what that is SelfRadio is a Radio that plays your songs you manually put in there.It is very simple you can find it under This Pc/Documents/Rockstar Games/GTA V/Usermusic you can put all kinds of mp3 or mp4 files in there and it plays you those on your own SelfRadio. And you can add as many songs as you want.Well now the probably worst thing in all games.Yes you probably guessed it, Im talking about Hackers aka. ModdersThe reason why GTA V got downrated so much was because of Modders.They Ruin the Game completly for everyone! Even themselves sad violin playsSo what can you simply do to avoid those people? Annoying but the only way is to switch lobbies. Dont do it when you encounter the Modder but do it already before. If you spot someone who seems fishy or see people in the chat begging for money, just go. It is sad but its true. There are many people who beg for money. Thats almost as sad to buy SharkCards cringe well buying money sounds weird but it saves you time if you dont have much of it.A bit unfair for those who hardly work for their hardly paid stuff but oh well.Again back to the Modders, they have a serial business and they sell their Modmenues for money with a report block which makes you unable to report them. You can still report them but their data wont be sent to RockstarThere is even more I could tell you but most should know by now, so if you want to have a fun Game just avoid those types of people or create a private session.Rockstar can easily hold them off if they would do more updates because most modmenues are not compatible after an update but sad as it is they dont give us many updates sad lifeThat being said, GTA V is a great Game. But the Modders ruin it.My rating itself would be 9/10 but due to the Modders its just 7/10I hope you have fun playing and have a great day.Stay Frosty 