Did I hack Gta V?Yeah. I did.Was I banned, permanently?Yeah.Did I deserve it?Sure!Know whats ed up? My friends who never got a single dollar from me were also banned. Innocent players who did nothing wrong. That my friends, is utterly ed to the core. R is a garbage company, hacking is easy, take it from me. Online is filled with hackers, I hacked so that when another hacker ed with my friends, I could actually fight back.When the character you played on for a full 34 years gets reset, and youre banned, and when you try to appeal the ban, with video proof that you did nothing, and they ignore you along with thousands of others who were wrongly accused, thats just bad business practice. Come on RReviews from friendsEvery multiplayer item is ridiculously overpriced, the only way to buy stuff is through hacks since NOBODY is willing to do the boring missions with low rewards.My GTA V Online Experienceafter a long day at work i feel like playing GTA Onlinetakes car out of garagegets killed by hackerrespawns and gets killed againfinds new servergets car out of garagehacker teleports inside my carchanges the colour from black to yellowdissapears and blows my car upfinds new serverdrives car for 5 minutesgta closes unexpectedlytries to re connect to rockstarrockstar is unavailable at this timetries to connect two days laterplays gta onlinestarts to rob a storehacker teleports to me and kills merespawns and tries to rob another storehacker kills everyone on servergta closes unexpectedlyragequituninstall.Garbage alwaysonline periodic entitlement verification DRM treating actual paying customers like thieves. Cheaters rampant online. Lobbies constantly implode. Theyre also pulling some shady stuff during the summer sale to avoid actually lowering the price.Update for Steam Awards Has somehow managed to become even worse.Oh god, rockstar is so rich, but adding a decent Anticheat? No way, we cannot create something like thatYou download car DLCs for Online but cant use them in Single Player, 0/10 rating for singleplayer.Online is t with hackers 1/10 rating.Wanna hear something positive?Well, there is nothing positive to talk about.1200 Hours in gameGot perma ban for nothing.R