I have been playing GTA V since its original release date for the Xbox 360, then transferred to PS4, then transferred again to PC. This game has taken more hours from my life than any other and I dont regret anything about it. The reason Im writing this review and recommending against this game is purely due to the moneyhungry practices that Rockstar and TakeTwo show regularly.Dont get me wrong, this game is incredibly fun. The single player is some of the best out there, and mods make this game more entertaining than games coming out today Even though there was an attempt to take down the modding community, but Im not gonna go into that. The overflow of negative reviews and public outcry took care of that for me. The part I question is the unavailability of content updates in single player. There have been updates in past games and all have been successful and I guarantee you that if the online content was local, people would be much happier with this game. I personally believe that the reason this has not happened is purely due to the lack of payment for single player content.Online, the multiplayer experience that everyone I knew was excited for. At first, online was a roaring success and I personally played for countless hours attmpting to get as far as I could. Then the first signs of greed occurred... I have seen prices go so high up that the clouds are jealous, and money being made stay the same if not lower. This essentially ruined the ability of being able to buy anything enjoyable in online without shelling out hundreds of dollars on shark cards.Overall and to keep this review from turning into a ranting wall of text, I enjoyed this game. Its worth its price, especially if its on sale... for single player content. If Im speaking exclusively about online, I would not touch this game with a 100 foot pole due to the online community, support system, and blatant greed being shown by this games developer/publisher and I have to recommend my review against this game purely in an attempt to encourage others to vote with thier wallets.