Update 6/19/17Some new ideas have come to my attention, if they end up being confirmed then the game does not deserve a negative review from me just because the companies involved have to keep their plans secret in order to stay a step or two ahead of GTA online hackers. I will update this review again once I am satisfied that I will be able to explain the theory I have been presented with Which justifies the Open IV situation, so far in a clear and understandable way.Original Review 6/16/17There are many games where a large portion of the playerbase enjoys the modded experience. This is one of those games, and thanks to Take Two Interactive, all single player mods based on the Open IV modding tools The most prominent set of modding tools are now considered to be hacking the game. The policy is a sledgehammer being used to get a dent out of a totaled car, it is going about it in all of the wrong ways. I wont iterate what has happened here, as it has been explained in hundereds of reviews already Nerd Cubed explains this situation quite well so I will not be reiterating it here. Take two, Please spend a bit more time thinking about how to fix the online multiplayer hacking before just making a blanket fix that does not target the real issues, and rather just ticks off the majority of the playerbase. Iterate VERY clearly what aspects of modding are allowed and not within GTA V and GTA online, and maybe work with the modders crazy thought right? to start fixing GTA online hacking. Once something has been done to my satisfaction An Apology, clear rules for modding, a plan for dealing with both current and future hacking, no laying blame on any one employee or department and then Ill be more than happy to drop my negative review.Now for an actual reviewSingle player campaign is honestly close to perfection, I cannot be happier about the many hours I sank into following these characters stories all the way through to their completion. Each is unique and prvides a hilarious spin on the sterotypes of people that live in California being from California, I can confirm the accuracy of the map, but not of the sterostypes, which are highly exaggerated There is more than enough ways to earn money, and I personally enjoy the stock market mechanics and being able to buy up buisnesses and homes accross San Andreas, and then fill them with a lot of shiney things. The only annoyances I can think of would be the submarine mission If youve done it you know which one and that a few story missions force you into some very uncomfortable situations. Outside of that, I have almost only praises for the singleplayer aspect of Grand Theft Auto V, I think it is a genius satire of the California lifestyle and of the social structure in place in the represented area of the United States.GTA Online is a different story. . .I have read of many horror stories of players joining public lobbies, and hackers immediatly causing them to be banned, and then these players have to go through a nightmare of customer service in order to NOT regain access to their accounts, all progress being lost forever. I have personally never encountered any of this, so I cannot comment on these issues, and wheter or not they may actually exist. The worst I personally run into are players that immediately shoot you at the end of a mission to mug you for cash, and one occation where I joined a session and apeared to be stuck in a cage. Screenshot of it is on steam I do not have any close friends that I play GTA with consistently, so I play with random players mostly, and the experience working through jobs and heists is certainly fun. The missions can be creative and challenging, and there is something memorable about almost every mission I have completed so far. Im only Level 23, so Im not that far in But, attempting to amass large sums of cash for new vehicles or personal living areas or garages is certainly a grind. Obviously encouraging players to buy shark cards. Fun fact you can get a real minimum wage job, and buy more GTA money than you could earn by actually playing the game Once ive gotten further into the online experience, Ill return and iterate on this portion further. But nothing is standout awful from my experience, and I can confidently say I have enjoyed my online experience overall.