The amount of hours i have on this atrociousheap means you should take my opinion better.2/10 1 point for single player and 1 point for the only good thing about this game all the dumb  that i love killing.This doomsday heist i had fun for the first week because there were no modders at all. beacuse of the ban wavewhich dont do anything because when the modders get back after that week there worse than ever theres some new cancer to the cancer. Thank  that week existed.Why would i spend hours upon hours trying to do criminal mastermind when rockstar will just take the money. My pc and internet has nothing to do with with it i have a 1070 and an i7 6700 16gb of ram and i get 30 to 50 ping on servers its just rockstars terrible servers that are some of the worse ive ever played on in my life.Oh boy that starter pack aswell, its a steaming pile of when it first came out it costed 70 more than the game itself and enough peopleon them so they brought it down to 40 which the thing shouldnt even exist because most of the stuff it gives you sucks and to top off thatfest none of it has a trade value what a in steal. i rather spend a 100 and get 8 mill and get the stuff i want oh wait thats falling into there little trap.My opion on his recomended reviewI read your review and it doesnt make sense back in 2013 there was nothing to buy, everything someone wanted costed at least 4 million and everything in total that you could buy was like 20 million nowadays everything someone wants its up to 100 million and everything today cost about 400 million or more and ive spent an ungodly amount of money and i dont even have everything i want because rockstar takes my money because they want you to buy a shark card thats 100 that cant even get you a yacht. The heist thing makes no sense if i wanted an x80 proto i would need to grind up to 10or more hours for 1 car not upgraded and lets say i wanted a yacht, ruiner ,deluxo, or a plane the time is doubled and if its like a vagner i still have to grind for about 6 or 7 hours and its not even upgraded. so when you finsh grinding for hundred of hours you can say wow im proud of myself i spent 500 hours playing the same garbage over and over again. your only point about the free dlc makes no sense now.Original reviewThis game is pretty bad and good. Its fun for a week after an update comes out because theres no modders but right after that it just gets worse. It took 30 mins for me to get in a lobby with my friend and we played for 10 mins before we were both kicked by a modder. Nvm this game just sucks, oh and everything costs way to much. 