Take my review with a grain of salt, though Ive played GTA in itself as a series from GTA 3on.Ive made my 70 CAD worth to the full extent in my opinion, for this game. Ive played both single player and multiplayer extensively, on release dates both on PC and the Playstation 3.I guess we need to shut down a community that existed since 3D GTA in itself existed, that didnt even remotely lay a finger on the Online community, because OpenIV was only based upon the Single Player sect of Grand Theft Auto 5. Not even doing a single bit of damage to the hackers of the game, since OpenIV was a SINGLE PLAYER tool. Why would Take Two and Rockstar do this?Its clear that they intend to make profit over paying attention to those who make content for free, talented individuals who dedicate years of work.I guess we need to completely disregard the fanbase in which GTA V is based upon, with a disappointing grindy gunrunning DLC, making another good Shark Card cash farm going on upon ages and ages. Where did the common goal of the game go, stealing and theft? This may be an argument to the whole foundation of GTA Online in itself, but certain people tend to enjoy the MOBA elements, so I wont criticize. However, completely GOUGING players of their money, releasing obscure cosmetic items and vehicles as opposed to certainforms of content, only for grinding, well.... That is another story. The missions for Gunrunning, I/E, and MC all were somewhat fun, to an extent when you initially began. By then, youd have to deal with only playing on public lobbies, with that nice warzone you had to go up against. Going explosion after crate explosion, hacker after hacker. But lowering mission pays, and releasing more and more cars and niche vehicles really do have a point, do they? Making multiplayer a warzone, full of nuisance vehicles? Hmmmm..... Again, I wonder why Take Two and Rockstar would do this? Oh right, of course,Removing the probability of Single Player modding, forcing people to stick to the Multiplayer modes, seems to be of Rockstars interest. Even when they have some of the highest sales on Steam to ever be obtained, all the profit they could ever want, yet they still try to bite off of players for Shark Cards and grindy multiplayer.Due to this, I will no longer support Take Two, or even Rockstar for that matter, having these incredibly shoddy business practices. Id suggest you do the same, only until Take Two may halt these business practices and bring back the modding that redefined the entirity of the Grand Theft Auto franchise. If you are looking to enjoy the single player, buy the game when it is on sale, however low you can find it. A solution for Take Two and R would be to maybe actually implement an anticheat, stop dividing the community, and add more content alike to the heists update. Online is somewhat fun, provided you are dedicating your time with friends in a private match, are into races and heists, and some sorts of things. Hackers, toxic KOS players, and all sorts of other characters are to be found otherwise. 