I really enjoyed playing this game. I truly did. I played the hell out of the campaign, and had a lot of fun doing heists and racing with randoms online. Its just a damn shame that Take 2 and Rockstar decide to become greedier than ever before and ban any and all modding of the game. I feel that modding is an essential part of PC gaming in general it lets the more passionate fans of video games take what they love and craft it into something that makes their game more unique, more optimized, and more improved. Mods let the users make the game theirs. It lets users play the game they want to play.Ultra HD Graphics and Optimization? Sure, lets make the game look better and run nicer.Custom maps and campaigns? Yeah, Ill try something new.Turn my character into Sonic the Hedgehog? it, why not.Mods make the game yours, and more importantly, they add to the games longevity. Thanks to the modding community, games like the original DooM and DooM II, released, are still relatively active today thanks to players who dedicate their time to create custom map packs, weapon mods, multiplayer game modes, and fullfledged total conversions. Giving players the creative power to take your game and make something that you would have never thought to make is fundamental in keeping the game fresh and fun to play. Its a goddamn shame that Rockstar and Take Two are destroying the reputation of arguably their bestselling game ever by preventing their most passionate customers and fans from changing the game into something new, possibly better. I feel that Rockstar and Take Two are shooting themselves in the foot with a nuke, and its already starting to show, at least in the overall feedback. At the time of writing, Recent Reviews are Overwhemingly Negative and the Overall Reviews are Mixed. In time, I hope they realize that stripping one of the most appealing aspects of PC gaming isnt the way to go. Unfortunately, Im not holding my breath. Unless the stars align and they reverse their decision, I will make an effort to stop supporting any and all games from either of these companies. Rockstar, and  Take Two. 