Grand Theft Auto V is an incredible game with hours upon hours of entertainment. It has bucketloads of care and attention to detail for just about everything such as an informative yet simple UI, extremely satisfying and consistent hitreg, hyperrealistic ragdoll physics, semidestructible environments, unique handling for different cars, welldesigned missions, easter eggs, and the list goes on. The story is expertly put together with very few if any plotholes, incredibly likeable main characters, and many relateable side characters. The atmosphere is spot on, where every separate area of Los Santos makes you feel like youre really there from meth farms in Blaine County to Superficial cars and people in the hills to graffiti and gangsterridden slums, everything is perfect.GTA Online is not nearly such an instant hit. While the atmosphere is largely intact, and much of the attention to detail is carried over, there are a few massive problems with GTA Online that can make or break it for you. GTA Online awards players money and RP mainly for three things completing jobs, completing heists, and participating in freeroam activities. Even then, people rarely play any jobs besides the job that gives 2x cash and RP at the time, due to how oversaturated the jobs list is. This also makes the createajob feature near worthless, because nobody will ever want to play a street race after they do a rocket voltic stunt race. This narrows your money earning options significantly, as you could imagine.Heists are incredibly fun the first time you play through them, with tons of dialouge not yours obviously and decently entertaining setup missions. However, there comes the problem that missions designed for heavy team coordination do not work well in an environment where youd be lucky to find someone with a mic that isnt screaming epithets.This leaves what is, in my opinion, the best money making method freeroam activities. Owning a motorcycle club/business/corporation/gunrunning is very fun while simultaneously being tense because youre doing it in the company of people who can snatch it right from you. However, this isnt as wellpaying as heists, and getting dominated by a 6 person MC is not fun in the slightest.On the bright side, there are a plethora of things to buy, whether it be to expand your business or just luxury goods. However, this leads to the issue where you cant buy anything because youre not earning enough. But dont worry, shark cards and subliminal messaging come to save the day! With constant annoying calls from side characters telling you to buy things from all the separate expansions, i feel youre being pushed to buy into the shark cards.And then, the most glaring issue of them all is modders. Modders run rampant in GTA Online. In fact, they run so rampant, that the community got fed up of calling them hackers and began to call them modders. Half the servers you get into, there will be a modder, whether theyre openly killing everyone, or just constantly spawning in vehicles for themselves, theyll be there. And on nearly every server, youll see people asking and begging modders to give them money. And the best part is that R has employed a team of chimps to stop this from happening, considering so many people have been banned for having the modded money, levels, and weapons.On a brighter note, the expansions for online are free, even if you probably cant afford to participate in them and playing with friends can be pretty satisfying.If you want to buy GTA 5, and feel like GTA Online is a nice bonus for the pricetag, buy this game immediately. However, if you want to buy GTA Online, and feel like GTA 5 is a nice bonus for the pricetag, go buy san andreas and play with the online mod for that game, because it is, ironically, moderated much more, and has a far less toxic community.