I will never buy another Rockstar game again, I simply cant because they dont give me any other option.Last year I got banned from online play. No, Im not a cheater or hacker, which is why Im writing this negative review.What I assume happened is the followingI hadnt played GTA since launch, but came across the LSPD mod on youtube. Its a mod that allows you to play as police singleplayer. I installed GTA and the mod and had a couple days of fun. Im sure I accidentally pressed Online play with the mod loaded once, but killed the game right away.Then I uninstalled GTA via steam, and didnt play for months. The Christmas holidays came around, I had some spare time and installed GTA again. I played Online for an hour and got a 30day ban.I initially had no idea why, and no idea to find out, as theres zero response from support about bannings other than an automated response saying all bans are final. And to be honest I didnt care too much as I had only played for an hour, and didnt feel invested. I considered GTA5 Online to simply be broken. I uninstalled GTA again via steam and didnt think about it.But a couple weeks later my brother said he had gotten GTA5 during the steam christmas sales. So we waited for my 30day ban to be over, and had a week of fun playing the game. But then exactly 7 days to the dot after the 30 day ban was over, I got a permaban. I assume I got flagged for another ban the second I logged in again and simply had some kind of 7 day cooldown timer. Or perhaps they have/had a weekly unbanwave I was lucky enough to play in between.Again I tried to contact support, again no response but the automated one.I tried asking for help on the forums, but there I got called a lying cheater, and actually harrassed by people, so gave up on that quickly.While googling for answers, I came across the LSPD mod again, which reminded me I had tried it before. I had a eureka moment, searched my computer, and came across some residual LSPD files from MONTHS, and a couple of full game reinstalls ago. I tried to contact support again, but still no human response. I gave up.Forward to now.After getting constantly reminded on Youtube about GTA5 videos of clearly modded ONLINE play, Im stillI got banned for what I can only assume were some residual files from a mod that didnt affect my online game at all.And lets not forget, anyone who has ever played GTA5 Online, knows its FULLLLL of REAL hackers/cheaters constantly messing up everyones game by teleporting them around, killing whole servers, even dropping hacked money ontop of you.So I figured Id see if Rockstar support had gotten any better since last year.To my surprise theres now a I dont want to get banned, support request option. Im pretty sure that wasnt there last year, so I at least got my hopes up on finally figuring out WHY I got banned.Whats a better purpose for the I dont want to get banned support request than someone who doesnt know why he was banned and wants to prevent it from happening again. But no, just another automated message saying all bans are final and cannot be appealed, even though I wasnt asking for an appeal. My second support request, stating my first request wasnt a ban appeal but an inquiry with information about my first ban because I dont want to get banned, again, got the same automated message saying all bans are final.Listen, dont get me wrong. If the anticheat system detected those residual files as malicious, I totally deserved the first ban.BUT. I reinstalled the game several times. Technically I didnt do anything to the new installs, it did that to itself by not cleaning the folders it uses and not protecting itself from outside influences on a fresh install. I had no way of figuring out why I got banned the first time, so no way to prevent it from happening again. Im still only guessing it were those files. The only victims of not letting people know why they are getting banned by an anticheat system, are people who have no idea why the anticheat singled them out because they werent actually cheating. I mean, mister l33th4xx0r can hack as much as he wants till his first ban, and then has a good idea what to do to not let it happen again. Support is nonexistant, not for I want you guys to have a look at my ban, nor Can you at least help me to not get banned again, despite having a specific ticket request option for it. Again, both youtube and the game itself are FULL of real actual hackers/cheaters, and people using non malicious mods online seemingly for long periods of time with no risk, or even sense of wrongdoing, of getting banned during online play.I think its simpleGTA5 has so many players, but also so many real hackers/cheaters, that they ban such an enormous amount of people every week, with thousands of them making false ban appeals, that they cant search, and perhaps dont care, to look for those few who deserve a second opinion because the banning is perhaps the result of an over zealous anticheat program on their side.So I simply cannot buy another Rockstar game again, nor recommend it to anyone else. If I cant get support to at least figure out why I got banned, it may happen again in the future, and it may happen to you.