Grand Theft Auto Online is an absolute tragedy.Back in 2015 when I bought it on Steam, a player would do fun things with people racing, missions, pvp, etc, get funbucks for their time, and blow it on stupid tat to play around with. I personally loved heists. I learned them all inside and out, pointed out the most fun bits and trouble spots to help newbies, built a huge pile of money and a huge friends list of heisters. I bought a speed boat. Why? So I could carry it through town with a helicopter, of course.Then the new content started. A player now had to spend funbucks to play the content. Wanna play the black market? Better have a few million sitting around for offices, warehouses, vehicles, and inventory. What you get return is the chance to provide some Russian tween with freemode pvp content. Wanna race? Better have BEST NEW CAR, or dont bother. Dont get attached either, since the next one will be out next week. Wanna heist?  you, T2 doesnt make money from pve. Who ever heard of creating a content pack and selling it to customers want it? Thats madness! Just buy Shark Cards from the cash shop when you need funbucks!The effect on the community, which was already a semidry spot under a bridge where the world gathered to huff drain cleaner, turned into a demilitarized zone. Everyone not in your crew was the enemy and had to be driven votekicked from the session. Better yet, tweak your firewall settings so only people from your friends list can join. Its not like that sweet, sweet Shark Card money is going to pay for servers, so why the hell not exploit that peertopeer architecture?I finally uninstalled GTA5 when some new gunrunner update came out. It involves armored vehicles and heavy weapons. Its all over my head. I can still make three fools a halfmillion funbucks richer in an hour, but nobody cares about that anymore. And now I hear Take Two is threatening lawsuits against modders trying to bring back some actual fun into their game. Im not a drug kingpin, underworld CEO, or the head of a private army. Im just a bank robber looking at middle age. And if theres one thing that GTA5 in 2017 has NOTHING to do with, its older guys robbing banks.