Do not get me wrong, The game is a good game. But the cheaters and the little kids running around blowing up the world is horrible. I wish the community wasnt so toxic and that players can get along and work together. I cant do a resupply or sale without the entire lobby chasing after me. I dislike how players money was taken away even if it was legit. Rockstar gives us a dlc that looks good in the trailers, then gives us dogfrom the back yard. They have made it near impossible to make money in the game so you need to trust the sharkcards to actualy enjoy the game. IMO the game died after cunning stunts. But yet rockstar still slaps the paint on the game. Personaly I am not a member of the moder community but the new anti cheat is complete t and ruins the game for those players.Now lets talk about gunrunning. I liked the concept when I heard about it. but good god 7 million for just the bunker thats almost 100 of sharkcards. Your telling me that i have to buy the game 1.5 more time just for the bunker. and lets not forget about the veichels that cost enough to put me in dept IRL. Thank god i have a kidney to sell. The new guns are great I do give you that. The amount of time for the bunkers to fill up are painfully long. and then the payout is near nothing for what you pay. 1050000 to be exact.Now for the community. Literally the worst. Its full of a bunch of kids running around killing you for no reason and hackers ruining the game for everyone and geting you banned when its out of your control. I understand that youre a criminal in the game but its upsetting that you cant drive without somehow a ING JET raining down from the sky or a tank going down the street destroying everything in its path. I was expecting the game to be a little more realistic. I personaly try to play the game to relax but with how the community is its just impossible.My final review of the gameGame 7/10Online 4/10community 2/10Rockstar support Negative infinty/10Please listen to your community rockstar. You might learn something. 