TLDR banning singleplayer mods is stupid, shark cards are the root of all evil in GTA Online.It all started great. I bought the game mostly for online, but people say the singleplayer is decent. Back in the beginning, online was pretty great too. More or less balanced weapons, somewhat reasonable prices on cars and weapons. Heists were a lot of fun while they lasted.But as the time went on, it became more and more apparent that TakeTwo, or Rockstar, cares only about their own profit. As more and more Online updates came out, all hope was lost for any quality content. Dont get me wrong, the content of updates looks great, and some of the updates are even fun to play. But, as it would happen, there is one big but. Most of the content in these free updates is gated behind stupidly expensive entry purchases, paid with ingame money. And the only thing you can do is to grind for a few weeks or months for money, or cheat and get caught and banned, most likely, or... Buy Shark Cards for real cash.Now, I didnt mind the shark cards when the game came out. They seemed to be a fine way to let playes with little free time to quickly get enough ingame cash to get to all the content, like highend cars and heists. Unfortunately, the developer or publisher succumbed to greed. The ability to sell shark cards led to the natural result  making updates that require players to buy shark cards to properly enjoy.And this is not all. Modding has always been an important part of gaming scene. Ive had lots of fun modding Skyrim, Fallout, and a bunch of other games. Modding support greatly increases longevity of a game, and GTA V would have been no exception. Until TakeTwo decided that singleplayer mods are illegal. They have been agains Online mods since the very  release of the game, and while I disagree with that stance, I could see where they are coming from as usually, greed, shark cards arent gonna sell themselves. It baffles my mind as to why anyone would be against singleplayer mods in a game that has no singleplayer DLC to speak of.To sum up, TakeTwo has been and still is too greedy about their own game. Questionable sale practices, free multiplayer content essentially gated behind shark cards, stupidest stance on modding, all for very questionable benefit.Do not buy this game. Do not support TakeTwo. They do not deserve it. And if you do, dont expect any truly free updates, and dont expect being able to mod it.