Ok, so even after almost 155 hours into the game I never did a review, which it would had been a positive one. Now it will never be!Take Two and Rockstar decided to try to kill MODS in SINGLEPLAYER!! because of their greediness they wanted to milk even more people and push them to online and the microtransactions crap. Mods couldnt be allowed anymore, eh?I prepurchased this game, yes I know, Ive advocated a mostly donotpreorder games policy, unless they actually be worthy of such thing. I could easily waited and pirated GTA V but I never did. I decided to give them my hard earned money even after they took was it 3? YEARS to bring a decent port to PC.Right from the getgo I knew Id play more the SP and mod the heck of it because thats how we PC users like to play on PC, because we can! I wasnt too interested in online modes but still gave it a shot, and oh boy it was BAD! TERRIBLE!I cant in good conscience recommend or even put a good word now, they ing took MODS of a singleplayer mode!It was certainly OK that mods, scripts or cheats for online mode for obvious reasons, fine, but the true PC potential was in SP mode with mods to OUR LIKING!How about FIXING the damn online part? implementing anticheat stuff? no? so not only there NEVER was new content for singleplayer, but now its further restricted! WELL DONE you greedy s! I hope you realise your mistake before its too late!DO NOT RECOMMEND this grame, this practices, they simply cannot be allowed to do this! its not right and we should never take this actions.Think people, think with your wallets, youre being pushed around and stripped of habilities, choices, options, will you stand still and let GREEDY companies drain you to the bone? will you let them decide for you?Recently, Take2 felt the flame and finally heard the community, took a step back and OpenIV is once again alive and updated!Now, if your only gripe was the serious T2 big Fup mods in SP and would like to turn back the reviews to green thumbs up, feel free to do so. We should let them know this are how things are done, our voices and Changes site petition too worked.I can now think about playing it again, SP only until they go all the way and actually FIX the damn cheaters online! a friend told me yesterday during his playthrough everybody safehouses were exploding. Nicely done eh?