TLDR Online is fun for 30 hours max, after that you need to grind or be rich. Singleplayer is really fun.I will preface with this I enjoy the game, and the singleplayer is excellent. However, the main catalyst for rage on my part and one of the main selling points of this game is the online. My salt will be focused to bolster the claims and cries by other like minded gamers.When I say rage, I do not mean REEEE HACKER! I know I am awful at this and many other games. The online is a grind, and not a very short one. It is a very arduous as well as tedious journey to the top of the food chain. Now, you could either find a community to guide you there and make it somewhat bearable, however in this eventuality you end up grinding the same heist over and over again, close to five times a day to get anywhere. The alternatives include freeroam activities which could be fun, more on that later or doing missions with randoms, which in this game happen to for the most part be awful. I mean straight garbage. Your fourth and quite frankly final option if you hope to have fun after the first 30 hours of online not incluiding singleplayer, you will purchase shark cards. IRL money to buy IG money. People will say this is optional, so it doesnt affect me. Keep in mind other people play this game, and opt to purchase the aforementioned cards.I neglected to divulge to you the content of these freeroam missions, so here goes. You can buy and office or biker clubhosue from which to stage your operation as either a luxury vehicle exporter and wholeseller of all manner of illicit merchandise, or a biker gang pushing drugs and running jobs as guns for hire. Either costs literal millions, close to 2mil to actually start earning anything exporting and around 1.5mil dont take my word for it for biker gangs. This sounds quite fun, and it is. For an hour apiece. Then it becomes boring, repetitive and easily exploitable. Oh, and might I add, you need to be in a public session, leaving yourself vulnerable to the friendly community of GTAV. How lovely. Now, you have established your presence and then begin to recieve numerous unrelenting calls about a new hangar, how this can expand your empire even further. Or, you see that you can purchase a bunker. You opt for either one, and lo and behold, same crap. Grind out boring, repetitive missions while you are being viciously maueld by various aircraft and the like.What you could do, is decide to cut your connection and quickly reconnect it in order to force yourself to be kicked from an open session into a closed solo session that counts as a public session. Simple exploit 1. You are welcome. Whats so bad about this? Well, it gets even more repetitive, though significantly less frustrating.Almost forgot, you could run monotonous jobs and missions that earn you meager cash rewards, and are simply difficult if you do not have the money to purchase good vehicles and missions. That and nobody plays anything. Good luck finding people.Edit just edited for task completion 