GTA V is still a really good game, but its online component is absolutely ruined by and insane grind and microtransactions. This whole review Im only going to talk about GTAO, so take note of that.GTA Online is a really good idea that works pretty well for the most part and gets content constantly, so where does it fall apart? Its a utterly massive grind at this point. When the game was first released there wasnt much to do or buy and with a good amount of play time youd be able to buy anything you wanted. Slowly more content started getting released, and all that content came with new vehicles that had huge price tags. More and more vehicles were over the 1 Million mark which took a decent amount of playing to earn. The problem is that Heists still paid the same, and they dont pay well in the current GTAO economy.In order to make larger sums of money you have to invest in expensive buildings, and their payout is slow and tedious though more than what Heists will give you in the same amount of time. You can also upgrade these buildings to net you more profit, but the prices on the upgrades will cost you several times more than the initial investment on the property. Its absurd.Its great that Rockstar keeps adding content but most of it is entirely inaccessible to new players and the stuff that is missions and new Heists get really boring after a couple times. For instance the newest hottest car is the versatile Deluxo which is modelled after the Delorian from Back to the Future, with the ability to fly and shoot missiles its a really cool piece of kit. The problem is that the pricetag, at over 3 million unless youve been grinding since the beginning or buy Shark Cards and new player wont be enjoying it for a long time. That doesnt even include its ridiculously priced upgrades.Now we move to the Shark Cards, Rockstars bread and butter. The reason everything is so overpriced is because they want you to buy their Shark Cards to skip most of the grind and get ingame money via microtransactions. Its a disgusting business practice but here we are. The Shark Cards also arent even worth the money, 20 will net you 1.250 Million in game, so if you want that Deluxo and you dont have much? Ill cost you over 40. 40 realworld dollars for a SINGLE vehicle without any upgrades. The sad part is that its working as Rockstars revenue is mostly powered by these Shark Card purchases.My complaints also extend into normal gameplay, XP it trickle fed and a lot of clothes, upgrades and items are barred behind your player level and you wont get to access everything in the game until you hit 120. At 145 hours of gameplay all in multiplayer mind you Im in the mid 60s because gaining XP is a slow process.There you have it, the base game is really fun, but Rockstar ruined what this game had going for it. Earning money is a super tedious process because they want you to just buy it. I wouldnt mind if earning money was faster and more enjoyable seriously, doing the same Heists and missions over and over is incredibly boring or that if you just got money from messing around with your friends and blowing stuff up in the freeroam which is the only reason I keep playing but thatll net you absolutely nothing. If you just want to mess around with friends its a blast, but just dont look at the cool weapons and vehicles that you could be enjoying unless you like blowing a lot of money. 