To explainPrior to Smugglers Run, there was over 450,000,000 of things to buy in GTA. Smugglers Run easily took that past 500,000,000. In terms of money you can earn in GTA, if you run all the heists, the missions, play a little bit in freeroam, race each track once or twice, replay the heists a few times because hey, theyre pretty good. Lets even say you do Criminal Mastermind. Lets say you buy a business and run it for a month. In total, youll earn probably 20mil30mil before you start feeling that youve done it all and youre sick of doing the same thing over. Or, maybe you have autism.Smugglers Run added a Hunter, a Rogue, a required Hangar and a bunch of fluff which was inferior to the Hunter/Rogue/ExtantContent. It didnt add anything to DO. Gunrunning added a bunker/MOC paywall, a MK2 M249 which dominated all MGs and ARs and an explosive sniper rifle. Lots of paywall, again though, no real content aside from the Insurgent Custom and a couple of cars.Sure, theyre not as polished. Sure, theres issues with them, theres silly freemode sections tacked onto them where you have to somehow defend yourself against other players and their orbital strikes or modders blowing up the whole server while you play. But hey, theres the equivalent gameplay of three heists, with cooperative setups / finales and theyre... just... so... much... FUN.Furthermore, Doomsday brings someThe twohorse race of the MK2 MG and heavy sniper has been really, really shaken up. The revolver, MK2 Marksman, MK2 Bullpup as a headshreddy type thing MK2 heavy sniper, MK2 MG, MK2 pump shotgun with exp. rounds, all totally viable options in competitive combat now. Moreso infact, with the buffs to ammo types.Additionally, Doomsday bringsThe Barrage, with superior guns and twice as many of them than the Insurgent, but with the players far more exposed. The stealth heli, in its own tasteful niche unique to itself, not overpowered but UNIQUE. A flying MoC which is just phenomenal.Lastly, sensible balancing changes were provided for things such as thermal optics which could be toggled with macros when using an Insurgent which has been disabled, as have their range and ability to see through buildings / land. Sure, Ill miss the 100 player killstreaks, but this is a definitive change for the better.To conclude, Im astounded. Im cautious that a broken clock is right twice a day, but if this DLC reflects the direction Rockstar chooses to pursue over the coming year Ill be willing to support them monetarily where previously I have been resolutely unwilling. 