I will divide this into 2 parts. The single player and the multiplayer called online. The bulk of the review will be on the online since that is where the length of the game is.The story mode is I would say alright. I wouldnt say strongly about it either way which in this case I would say is fine. The characters however feel lacking. We have 3 main characters and they could even make 1 a woman. This was the golden time to make a female character for single player and they just threw it away. At a glance I cant really say I like any of the characters that much, I would say Michael since he is more generic compared to the others. I started by hating Trevor but at least I could like he stuck to his morals even if he was an awful character. So for the single player which I did on console but thats not going to change I would say is ok, not really worth buying for unless you are getting a pretty heavy discount but is alright.Online however this place is a mess. The balance isnt around how to make the game balanced but how to make players spend huge amounts of money. Each update is likely priced at about 5 times the price of the game or higher if you just went and bought the shark cards microtransaction for in game money. The cards give pretty pathetic amounts of the price. It would cost 75 of the price of the game to get a fully upgraded motorbike club business assuming you are going for a useful location and that you already have the motorbike clubhouse. This means you need to basically grind like made or spend vast amounts of money to really get to do a lot of things. The other problem this has is how it expands into new content. At launch on last gen console the tank was the be all and end all of power. If you were against a tank on foot you fled most of the time because it had powerful armour and a powerful attack. Now the tank is a joke, it can be 1 shot even by some of the new vehicles and such. This is a serious problem of power creep. We have gone from having the power house of vehicles becoming something not even worth buying because it is junk.We have jets that have rapid fire explosive shots and lock on missiles, snipers with explosive bullets and even bikes with rockets on them giving them semi flight and enough speed to dodge missiles jet also can dodge missiles due to speed. It has become a game of madness on this front and each update generally brings something more powerful to get more people spending.The online has devolved into a case where people dont generally want to play in full games unless they have all the powerful weapons since it can often be a slaughter. Money making on free roam is pretty bad when you have to drive slow and questionable armoured vehicles compared to all the things flying around. They encourage toxic behavour with all these updates. To make money you generally have to spam missions for a small amount or invest in businesses and side businesses where you have to often buy upgrades and even pay for missions to get supplies to sell in bulk for profit. That wouldnt be a problem but whenever you try and sell it alerts everyone in the game that you are trying and where you are. They even throw a minimal reward to hope to encourage people which is something like 5 thousand. This could be someone gain 5 thousand at the cost of 18 hours of work and 5 hundred thousand spent on stock trying to get a 2 million pay out losing all that work and money in seconds. This is all because the game is balanced to make people spend more money.You might be thinking well they need all this money to host the servers, have good anti cheat and updates well lets look at this closely. Servers? nope, it is peer to peer. Anti cheat? well it is peer to peer so most anti cheat doesnt really work for that and modders can go crazy without much fear they basically have to be reported loads to have action against them so not really a real anti cheat. Further more the anti cheat they do have actually often hits the standard player. For example they have one where if too many transactions happen you get an error message and it doesnt go through, well if you play for a few hours of grinding expect to see that, maybe you just did that big sale of goods, getting through it by the skin of your teeth and even see the number in the top corner saying money. Well it turns out the error comes up and the mission was counted as not even being done, you get to keep the stock and dont get the money, well there goes the last 20 minutes or so and now you have to risk doing it again and you might have beaten the odds the first time if you havent managed to trick the game into being in a very low player count game but rolling the dice again isnt generally going to be a nice feeling.Finally lets move onto updates. Yes you get them and each one might as well be priced at 5 to 10 times the price of the game if you are not massively grinding or built up enough to be able to farm money easier. So generally speaking these are more about cash grabs and the only bugs you can expect to be fixed are ones that help get more money. Bugs are only building up generally and they are not getting any better, you WILL start noticing them more and more generally with each update.So generally this game isnt overly worth getting. I generally just play it socially with friends and keep up the never ending grind. If not for having friends on this game I would have no real reason to play and wouldnt be constantly grinding on it to get minimal rewards. I spent WEEKS grinding to set up a bit and still was making very slow progress to have the basics. I have done some content so much that it has become very dull and will actively work to fail some missions because they are random on which you get and some are not worth the effort and you cant just cancel them.Avoid this game unless you have money to burn, no common sense, friends on it and likely can be blind to all problems that will occur again and again...