Join real sadists and psychopaths from around the world in GTA Online! Feeling disenfranchised in the real world? Unable to cope with your lack of any real friends? Burned every bridge imaginable with anyone whos ever shared more than a greeting with you? Well then, GTA Online is for you! Join others who take immense pleasure in thwarting players abilities to complete missions! Supplement the already large numbers of overpowered AI enemies to ensure that a player fails to earn ingame money the oldfashioned nonhacking way.I like fking with players as a way to relieve stress, one griefer told me actual quote.Its sic always fun messing with players to see how much they can take before theyr sic triggered and rage quit LOL, said another again, actual ingame quote.If youre thinking to yourself, Man, this good mood Ive been in for, like, all afternoon is too much. I gotta take it down a notch, then log onto GTA Online. Give it 1015 minutes. I guarantee your good mood will wither like a caffeine buzz during an afterlunch ninetyminute conference call.Well then. Youll show that troll with your acerbic wit and subject him to a thorough dressingdown of his unpleasantness. this guy, youll say to yourself. Ill transcribe his injustices as a reflection of his unsavory and unpolite activies using ingame chat.Show him, will you? Why, the more cognizant and educated trollers and griefers will simply tell you, Its just a game and you know...theyre right!So what if youve spent twenty minutes attempting to earn 200,000 from the supplies you spent over an hour gathering before a griefer destroys the vehicle carrying your supplies. Youre out 200K of fake money! Big deal, right? Its just a game. The money aint real, son!You and your friends spent twenty minutes rounding up the cars necessary to initiate a segment of the latest heist, only for a griefer to dampen his existential ennui by destroying your crew with the new Orbital Cannon. Why would a troll invest so much money to cause you pain, when each shot costs 500,000? Because its not real money! And remember griefers do not grind through repetitive supply missions to earn money. They can simply make more money through widelyavailable hacking tools.Its just a game.After a heavy sigh, you explain that your time after work a job that pays real money allows for only a couple hours if that to game, and youd like to spend that time building up enough ingame cash to purchase that DeLorean or Stealth Attack Helicopter. Twenty minutes in, you find yourself trying to hide or evade a player hellbent on your destruction for reasons that will erode your faith in humanity. Remember Its just a game.Rockstar encourages players to destroy others supply missions, or to steal vehicles youve sourced for initiating heists. So why blame a player who takes an exorbitant amount of time and pleasure in doing this?And why bemoan the fact that trolls and griefers have tools to evade the one law of Los Santos physics? Griefers can teleportdirectly into your copilots seat. You may find yourself racing against time to get supplies back to your bunker, only to have a metal cage materialize around you. Nice. Youre stuck watching the timer run out. Another twenty minutes gone. But isnt that funny? Isnt it all in goodnatured fun? Toying with virtual players? Cmon!Its just a game.What? Youre telling me that everyone should be made to play by the same rules? Where does this happen in the real world?Its not only the graphics in Los Santos that are true to life!GTA ONLINE The preferred playground of Sadists and Psychopaths everywhere. 