Ill continue to play this game off and on, but I cant recommend it to new players because their free DLC is about as free as CheezIts are made of real cheese.Ill explain the microtransaction problem using their Gunrunners DLC...To participate in gunrunners, you need to buy a bunker starts at 1.16mil. This will let you sell guns and unlock parts for the other DLC in the set. However, theyve come up with a new discount mechanic where, if you do the gunrunning missions, you get a 500k  1mil price break on the vehicles which seems nice until you realize the new vehidles are 500k1mil more expensive than previous dlc. Except to do those missions, youll need a moblie operations center, which is another 1.25mil. Oh, and if you want to actually use any of the extra unlocks youve been researching, expect to pay another 995k for the weaponvehicle workshop you could pay just 245k for the weapon workshop, but then youd lose out on half the unlocks.All told its a minimum 3.41mil to get up and running with the DLC, and thats before youve bought any of the new weapons or vehicles. Now, while you could grind for ingame cash, that usually averages around 200k/hr, so youre looking at 17hrs of grinding this assumes youre stuck in public lobbies. the only way to get those numbers up without cheating is to find a gang that only does missions. Orrr, you could get a whale shark card for USD49.99 that conveniently gets you 3.5mil. Is that worth it? Well, even if you make minimum wage, 7.25 in the US, youd still gross 123.25 in 17hrs, so technically yes. Then again, the game itself is 59.99, so youre also practially buying the game all over again.At any rate, now that youve gotten it all setup, heres where the realkicking begins. Even after doing the missions and getting the discounts, youre still looking at 800k to 2.6mil EACH to buy the new vehicles, and that doesnt include any of their upgrades. Not only that, but you only get the discount if you started the mission. Did the mission as an associate? Too bad. Youve got to pony up the bunker money and run the mission again yourself. Oh, any dont expect a heiststyle payout either. These missions pay the same 1020k as as any other mission. and one more little poke in the eye is that the bunkers daily maintenance fee is over 9k.Unfortunately, their newest Smugglers Run dlc is shaping up to be the exact same thing, and I dont expect them to move away from this model going forward. The finance and felony dlc started the trend with adding ceos, then the import/export and biker dlcs each expanded on it with the need for buying new, separate bases to access new dlc features, and now with discount vehicle prices, the push for microtransactions is getting worse and worse.When you add this to the fact that hacking is still rampant and the public lobbies are like walking facefirst into a hornets nest, the time you have to invest just isnt worth it. Its a shame because the game is a hell of a lot of fun to play when its not comlpletely ing you over.