I have a great deal of admiration for this game and have enjoyed many of the hundreds of hours that I have spent playing it. I wish that I could recommend it but I cant, and for anyone who might be interested here is my experience. There is much to enjoy about the game. I like the fact that it involves interaction with others. The range of activities in game is excellent. The vehicles are great and if like me you enjoy guns and fast cars then you too will love this game. That is the good. What is not good is the ongoing problem of hackers interfering with normal gameplay. They go off radar, blow you up remotely and can use godmode so that they take no damage among other abilities. I have put up with this and still managed to enjoy the game but ultimately hackers and Rockstars abysmal lack of support are the reason for this negative review. Hackers gave me, and many others, ridiculous tens of millions of dollars amounts of in game currency earlier this year. Rockstar dealt with this in my case by zeroing my accounts. I was a bit upset. I had dealt with the extra income for the most part by buying things like Pegasus vehicles and fully upgraded office garages which I would not otherwise have wanted or been able to afford and carried on playing the game and earning money. So of the millions which Rockstar took away many of them were legitimately earned. However, I had no real complaints at this time since I was able to sell some of the things I had bought and carry on without too much disruption. Just before the last DLC Rockstar removed money again. I had grinded cash importing and exporting cars for several days and just hit 4 million in savings but when I logged on they had corrected my bank balance by 3,600,000. Which is a lot of money. All of which was legitimately earned. I dont recommend it rather boring! but all of this is documented in the screenshots which I upload to Stream. So this time I complained. I got a standard reply which was no help at all and just said they were correcting my balance. So I put in another support ticket and heard nothing back for weeks. When I checked it had been closed. No response at all. So I put in a third support ticket  polite but indignant that a legitimate complaint should be ignored in this way. A few hours after I checked back  closed again  with no response at all. So I would like to warn any potential buyers of this game that Rockstar support is no support at all and that they will take money that you have earned legitimately and then ignore you. As a previously very happy customer who bought two copies of the game and a shark card I am really sad that this situation should occur. I read forum posts Reddit  mostly about GTA and know that many players had legitimate money removed recently. I read of one and only one player who had it returned. I have never modded and never asked for money. While initially items in the game seem expensive there are many different ways to earn money effectively after the initial struggle and investment pays off. So, I hope some of you find this informative  if you decide to buy this game you will find a lot to enjoy. But....you have been warned! 