TLDR If youve got stockholm syndrom and like being cucked by rock star, or need to stroke your ego by taking an open world lobby as serious pvp, then this game is for you. I highly suggest you play with friends, because alone this game is terrible.Had it since release on PS3 and trasnferred over directly to PC. They used to care about their userbase and try hard on their content. Now its just more broken or unballanced DLC after DLC. Yea its free stuff, but the abysmall grind to get this is pretty much open world warframe. I wouldnt call it P2W, since theres no competitive factor unless youve got something lacking in your life and your validation comes from killing players who arent trying to fight back. However if you truly wish to enjoy the game, theres a lot of expensive stuff like vehicles and the sort that even IF you bend over a table, spread your cheeks and buy a shark card, its grievously irrelevant to the cost of a single item for the price you pay.Theyve got unbalanced content coming out the rectal sphincter, they only bugfix and bother with the adversary PVP modes, 90 of which are just rips of those early access money grab games that never finish development. DayZ clones and PUBG knockoffsThe one thing this game does right is the driving. Its better than the rail assisted style driving of the arcade version of Forza. not to be confused with the hardcore simulation forzaCommunity is cancerous as a reddit thread trying to bash 4chans political views on tumblrs expectations of reality.Modders are still a problem in late 2017 and I dont think that problem will go away until they shut down GTA V online support. Some modders are chill, but most of the time theyre just annoying and harass sessions.Also, its Peer to peer, not online server hosting. So latency is a big problem with their garbage matchmaking system for public lobbies as you can be playing at 3PM EST and still get grouped with Eastern Russians.Customer support is hit and miss, it honestly depends on which compton ghetto  you get and what time shes planning to go to the club. I speak from experience. Some of the customer support honest to the Holy PC gaming Divines, couldnt give a rats hairy ball sack about your problem and would rather and i quote from my last phone call get their hur did by tree o clock cuz incomprehensible baby daddy I wish I was joking. 