Never felt that 5 was a great game in the first place, grew up with 2,3, vice city, san andreas, 4 and Gay Tony. Story in 5 was lacking, was expecting a much better singleplayer experience, especially since I knew the multiplayer was going to be plagued with modders, hackers, and overall unpleasant random players who massively outgun you unless you eitherexchange real money for fake money microtransactions are the cancer of the gaming industry or grind hours upon hours every day, which can lead to being banned for no reason. Many, many examples can be found on youtube of this happening for no reason, with no recourse or help from R staff. Banned is banned in this game, legit or not.Vehicle controls are laughably arcadey, in my opinion being a huge step down from 4, and even San Andreas feels better with vehicle controls.  While the environment is extremely detailed and pleasing to the eye, the AI of pedestrians and police feels lifeless, robotic. The stealth system doesnt work anywhere near as well as it should, crouching has been removed, peds will call the police on you for no reason, cops always know your exact location, and the escape system is inconsistent at best. The wide selection of weaponry is nice, ill admit. Easy to use and predictable/precise aiming is always a welcome feature in games. The downfalls mentioned above could ALL be fixed with modifications and tweaks, the best part of Pc gaming. HOWEVER, TakeTwo interactive has issued a ceaseanddesist order against the developers of OpenIV, the most common application for running and managing mods. Basically changing your game in this manner has become illegal and will get you a game ban, even if you do not use them in multiplayer.I Preordered the Limited edition for the Xbox360 the day it was announced, and bought on steam again the day of Pc release. 140 invested and not worth even the 60 they ask for. R has always neglected the PC community IMO with poor ports, late releases, and now with the OpenIV Ceaseanddesist order, it feels like a huge kick in the balls to a legendary game franchise, especially known for exceptional modding potential. Even if they retract the cease and desist order, I would not reccomend this game at the current asking point of 60. Single player updates and improvements have yet to come, basically abandoned. Hackers still run rampant in every single multiplayer server, 2 years after PC release. You cannot have a good time on a public server in this game, you will be kicked out of your vehicle, you expensive vehicles will explode out of the blue, forcing you to pay for the insurance claims, you will die randomly, be killed by every single random you encounter, the team objectives are garbage and not fun at all imo, races are probably the only fun thing to do in multiplayer, and that can get boring after a while. Heists are frustratingly difficult unless youre playing with a coordinated team/friends. I was expecting a lot more from R and they failed to deliver.