Let me not only talk about OpenIV as a online player. And I am sure it is a big bomb to all the GTA5 youtubers who maintain their lives with OpenIV mods also who enjoyed single player with mods after finishing the story. I dont think GTA6 will be another business boom without mods. So I assume that Take2 actually discarded their money destroyed one of the main features of the GTA series  modding and having fun until death in real life. And the new DLC is an actual piece of crap. Now all the mindless elementary kids who think they are somewhat bosses are now able to mess up the whole session with those retreded vehicles and stupid armoured clothes with burning bullets. After about 600 hours of playing, I learned how to deal with randomly killing noobs with a sniper gun and some other weapons. Of course I know how to make my own public session but it is now always possible to avoid people joining in my private session. And the set of new DLC contents costs more than the game actually costed me. This is just a crap. I miss the day the people did not have these cheatlike vehicles. And the game could be much better but there are only 5 heists, actually 4 because the fleeca job is just a joke. But seriously? I am 100 sure that there could be much more heists missions in this big map with various contents. Heists get so boring at some point. Please if you want to get more players, just make missions more interesting and various that people can enjoy doing missions almost forever. But the reality is  DLCs with bunch of stupid contents that cost 2M12 per item. tsk. seriously? And the shark cards cost too much. Back in the day, you could do a lot of things with 2M therefore a 12 shark card could be considered worth the price but now, Just a small stupid flying bike costs 3M. And little garage thingy costs 2M,3M Did you already forget that we bought this game atleast for 25 and up to about 60? Please take managing game serious. And those of you who used mods to mess up people online should jump off the local bridges. GTA 5       . ? . 