Let me preface this review by saying that I have been a GTA fan for as long as I could remember, even before I owned a system that could play any of the games.This game was highly anticipated by me, despite the year long waiting period between release and me getting to play this game. This review will be in two parts, firstly regarding the story and general gameplay mechanics, and the second dealing with my experience playing GTA Online.Part I From what Ive percieved, it seemed like the splitstyle gameplay of GTA compared to previous releases was recieved with mixed opinions. Personally, I was a fan of getting the feeling of a deeper game experience by having the story presented from three different perspectives. Transitions were much smoother than I previously anticipated before playing, and overall I do feel like the game benefitted from this.In regards to the story, I cant say there was too much that stood out to me, so Id say that the story is the weakest link in this game. Characters were written extremely well, however their eventual purpose ended up being rather generic. Former criminals getting back together for one last heist, not much else you can do with that. Theres the element of choice that we saw in GTA IV making a return, which to me made the plot feel a tad bit derivative, but this is really just a minor nitpick.Otherwise, its a GTA game, plain and simple, and its really good at being a GTA game. The world is bigger and better than ever, and there are more aircraft, boats, and cars to choose from when you want to get around.Part II GTA Online, where do I begin?Before I started playing Online, which now contributes the most to the amount of hours I have accrued, I actually had to be coaxed into starting off in it. I never really saw the appeal before I set out, but now I realize what I was missing out on. Its all the fun of single player poststory with more clothing, vehicles, and more importantly, friends to hang out with. Within a week of playing online for the first time I was absolutely hooked, and despite the presence of many modders at the time I began, gameplay was largely unaffected.Since I began playing, there have been major overhauls to the connection system, anticheat system, as well as the addition of several new game modes and methods of making money. This means that the experience of playing Online has only become increasingly refined, and despite most of the activities being a money grind, theres enough variety to break the monotomy.In conclusion, I highly recommend GTA V both for its single player and Online gameplay. 