Grand Theft Auto 5, sigh... Where to begin?It was great, yea... was, back in 2013 and 2014, when it first started... The game was fun, you could play on the Xbox 360 or PS3 and play around with your friends, noone was really against eachother, everyone was friendly and the game was actually fun to play and grind. When the nextgen versions of GTA 5 for the Xbox One and PS4 came out, and overall the Heist DLC, it started to get somewhere, there was more of a reason to play Online since the game was still early on, only a year or two old, Some things where expensive but overall you just needed a cheap HighEnd apartment to play the Heists, along with cheap setup costs. The vehicles were worth the price and shark cards werent actually needed. A while later when the Offices started to appear, it was too much, too expensive but because any level could actually buy an office, it was not right... It should have been set to a certain level with a cheaper cost, The Offices were alright, you could make a lovely looking place and fill all your warehouses with junk to sell later on, even though your friends wouldnt get anything except RP if they helped you.The thing was, cars got even more expensive, Rockstar heavily depended on you to buy Shark Cards to actually buy the items since they thought that everyone was only now just buying the game, After this they decided to release more Officelike stuff, Even more expensive junk, which people had to buy Even More Shark Cards to feed up with the cash amounts, This was around the time it released on PC too, so modders started to become more common on the game. Then afterwards they released the final few DLCs for 2017, the Doomsday Heists, Gunrunning, etc... They are too expensive, the stuff they expect you to buy money with real money to just get these items, these large facilities which you really never use half the space, and the vehicles that are really useless but sell for 23 million dollars, even more...Now GTA Online has more modders and hackers, they have a reason to appear though, Rockstar are cheapskates and want to make as much revenue on the game as possible before RDR2 comes out, And I have been banned recently for taking money from modders, even though I have no choice, its either buy more cards or cheat to get the money.Buy the game if you want, its a great game with a good storymode, but just remember how Online has gotten worst over the years.