Enough, maybe even too much time spent on the game.Besides CS and some story based games, GTA pretty much made my 2015. And the game was great. Free content for online, as well as more complex missions and objectives for it. Playing with your friends really took the time off from you, and eventually it was night.... or the next morning.Money in online always was a problem for me and my mates. Replaying a heist costs money, purchasing an office for the cool jobs costs enough already and the new cars andclothing had to come short.And oh boy, you dont want to miss out on cars or suits. You really dont.Anyways, it was always possible to afford all these items, without having to buy the ingame currency with your real cash. And that was a good thing. I pretty much spent enough on skins for CS anyways, so SharkCards came short.With the recent updates however, items became so incredibly expensive, that buying these cards almost became necessary, or well, it pretty much became necessary.Purchase this bunker to play the new heist. Purchase this. Purchase that.Its not even the fact of new items that are required to play the new content, Im all for it. You needed a high end appartment to start the heists in 2014, but with the increase in pricing, you are not able to afford a hangar, or a bunker or whatever. It pretty much becomes impossible to achieve all of this, without spending real money. Sure, you could play the game for thousands of hours, and you may be stacked with money. But when I left the game in spring of 2016 and came back a year later, I was not able to do a lot with the million I had left.And purchasing some house, or bunker is not just enough, no, being able to enjoy the full experience, granted by Rockstar, means, that you may want to invest 1 or 2 million dollars additionally, or more.Dont get me wrong here, I absolutely loved the story. Action packed, hilarious moments, you know. Just some GTA, and for Online... Well lets just say, I would not have played 320 hours of it, if it was not good. But with these DLCs and the pricing of the new items, you either have to grind youroff for lots of hours, just to be able to afford a bunker i.e. and then need to start the grind again, just to finish the missions, or a new heist, whatever.All this leads to me not recommending this game. As much as I used to love it, it just became and to be fair, boring. I may should have written such a review a few months or maybe even a year ago, but anyways.