Theres alot I can say about GTA V. Somewhere beneath all theis something that resembles a good game, but they did their very best to completely foul it up. Its way less fun then Saints Row. Its not as cathartic as Just Cause. Its not as good a shooter as Mercenaries. its not nearly as good a versus game as Battleborn. Its not as good a driving game as Mad Max. Its not as good a motorcycle game as Road Redemption. Its not as good a helicopter game as Thunder Wolves. Its not as good a flight game as, like, Ace Combat Assault Horizon even. Its not as well written as Sleeping Dogs. Its not as good a heist game as Payday. Its not as good a coop game as almost any of them, Killing Floor 2 for example. Its not even as good a custom gametype vehicle as like, Doom 2016. Or even Garrys Mod.In short, its not good. Especially if youre stuck playing it solo like me because people who dont hate themselvse as much have moved on.In general, its wildly inconsistent quality and unhealthy focus on the dark side, that is to say, the only side of capitalism at multiple levels the plot of the single player, the structure of the multiplayer, and of course its business model make it a game I cannot recommend to most people. There arebackwards design decisions from the ground up and it was the first game I gifted a particular friend of mine that he refunded, which was something of a milestone. A lot of the gameplay that GTA Online offers can be found elsewhere in a better form, but the complete experience is actually fairly unique and thats unfortunate, because its built on such a shoddy foundation and forces you to endure hours of long load times, lackluster vanilla content and being blown up by twelve year olds with C4 before you can get to any of the good stuff, as its all locked behind ingame paywalls in the neighborhood of millions. Ive seen this happen before, with City of Heroes, Matrix Online and APB, which, granted, had all different sets of problems. But I am convinced it is possible to make a good urban MMO and Ive yet to see it done.My big beef is the awful control scheme and damage model, both of which have been endemic to the series since GTA III, indicating that they had no intention of ever improving either. Having played it on Xbox 360, I was accostomed to, for example, walking in a drunken halfcircle when I wanted to turn around, instead of turning in place like virtually ANY other game. So it came as a surprise when the first was eventually somewhat rectified by the addition of a firstperson option, but there are still major issues, like how some AI enemies can somehow take MORE shots then you. How do you  up PvE that badly? Firing from cover is awkward, holding sprint locks your movement in your cameras direction, switching weapons is a hassle especially in a vehicle, where you can only scroll the weapon wheel one way... Its a mess. It also manages to somehow have armor even more useless then CounterStrike an ignoble achievement indeed. Your character is incredibly sluggish by the standards of either third or first person action games, and some functions seem to just happen when they want to, like trying to get into a car when youre under fire, or trying NOT to walk off a ing cliff while turning around. The driving controls I thought were much improved from GTA IV, but its no Mad Max, and it definate errs on the side of frustration over fun. My friend thought they were crap too, so I guess Ive adjusted to the crap factor of it.The story mode has a few interesting missions but is otherwise bloated with minigames and annoying fetch activities that amount to a lot of padding. When I first played it, I thought it was an incisive dig at the failure of modern American society to properly give aabout anyone or anything except money, and in a way it still is. But the other side of that is that its too South Park in its morality no one is safe from ridicule, few characters have any redeeming qualities, and its messages are so murky that its impossible to determine what youre supposed to take away from it, if anything at all, save perhaps the importance of loyalty but even thats marred by the fact that the character most focused on it is also a methaddled, indiscriminately murderous, psychopathic loony. Theres a few fun bits The special abilities, the character switching, Trevors rampage stages, and rare moments of the sort of craziness that I thought made The Ballad of Gay Tony the best entry in the series, like the bit with a certain cropduster and cargo plane, and the heists are cool, but its just not enough.The netcode of Online has seemingly never been improved, with long load and connection times, frequent drops and service interuptions, and even weird situations where when first connecting to a lobby or leaving it after a mission to return to public, the screen just goes black with a loading wheel and never finishes, essentially forcing a restart or to jerryrig your connection using the task manager. Ive never had to do that in any other game. Its embarrassing.The structure of online progression seems to have actually gotten worse. The CEO and Motorcycle Club, Import/Export and Gunrunning activities seem like they could be fun, but for some completely asinine reason they force you to play in a public lobby, at the mercy of one of the worst playerbases Ive seen outside of Xbox Live. Even the setup missions for the vaunted Doomsday Heist do this, it boggles the mind. Hackers abound, as well as trolls, griefers, s, idiots and screaming little kids. Even worse, the game now actually encourages other players to engage in the alternately boring, depressing or rageinducing pastime of blowing your or your objective, up with crazy powerful military vehicles that you cant afford. Or just C4 or homing missiles, because skill is a thing, right? Right? Guys?Regarding said vehicles the issue of ingame money. In the story, its almost impossible to get real cash outside of the onetimeonly heists or the ingame stock market stocks? are you ing kidding me?. In Online on the other hand, theres tons of ways to get money. But as time has gone on, the prices for vehicles, weapons and properties have skyrocketed to insane levels, locking most players out of the most interesting content unless you grind for cash, buy the stupid microtransaction Shark Cards, piggyback on a player with more hours and good luck finding real friends to play this and not the kind of people who genuinely like Trevor, think trolling is a legitimate behavior, or actually believe that the later Saints Row games are bad for being crazier or of course, hack. Hacks, hacks everywhere. Its rampant, its persistent, its annoying, and unlike most games, its also incredibly obvious when its happening. I had some guy kick me out of my own apartment and seemingly delete all my cars. Thankfully this condition was only temporary and thats about the only time the games done me a favor. Even worse, the hacking has only increased with time. Its as if Rockstar has done absolutely nothing to try and stop it.As the years go buy I find myself more and more disappointed by socalled Triple A releases. If you want a game to play, try any I mentioned above. If you want the real GTA V experience, go watch the Achivement Hunter gang or the TheIvaneh on youtube. 