Spending hours on heists and messing around with races, stockpile etc i can say it is FUN but dont be a SUCKER or should i say dont get too sucked in. Rockstar have a great formula to make you spend real money on fake money! Being constantly reminded that i should buy property and vehicles on Warstock Cache  Carry that cost  millions which equals a lot of time online on heist and other jobs or you could just pay real money to get fake money.Loading screens and repeating dialogue during heist seem questionable how much can you tolerate them when you fail a heist and have to redo them over and over again waiting for the dialogue to pass before you can replay it again? Or you can spend real money to get fake money instead of wasting time on heists etc.,  are we suckers are Rockstar insulting us even the dialogue during heist suggest thisTo be able to develope an online game of this magnitude they failed when it came to saving time for the user or succeded in delibrately wasting time to make money on fake money shark cards. When in an online session accpeting an invitation to Heist will take you away from that session to load the heist. But what really is either stupid or genius depending on where you stand on this is there is no guarantee you will be part of the heist since the it could be full or the heist is no longer available which means you will be rejected then sent back to an online session which means more tedious loading times. Why waste time with all this BS when you can buy shark cards, SUCKERS? Any good programmer would know that this is deliberate. It would be logical and sensible to inform a user in a current online session a heist is full or no longer available BEFORE loading a heist which takes time a lot of time.To sum up GTA 5 ONLINE It kind reminds of the time i went to the yearly fair where there was that one game where you had to knock down the three stacked bottles by pitching a ball at them to win a prize.. It looked so easy but for some reason one bottle would always remain standing. You would end up playing and paying more just to win that made in china cheap teddy bear. 