Look, you wake up one day and RockStar, they just give, and you just cant play anymore.GTA V, is supposed to be a masterpiece, IT IS, but sorry, RockStar itself ruined the game.Story mode is just amazing as Half Life series, good story telling, characters personalities, everything, details, and so on.... are all superb and done very well from its successor GTA IV. Not to mention this time they added First Person View, which brings players a brand new experience for GTA Universe.Trust me, story mode will take you around a week to finish, excluding Side missions and easter eggs. However, after you finished it, its like Thats it, well done, you finished the story mode. The emptiness of GTA V is unaccpetable! Its very DONE after you finished everything, nothing else to do other than spending your endgame cash to screw around the city.Alright, thats enough for a Story mode, what about Online mode?Well, in short, GTA Online is a mess and trash that RockStar tries so hard to wipe off the poop stains and smelly odors of it.Bad servers, and modders that ruin game experience, thats how and why GTA Online sucks.Also, Social Club constantly has issues, from troubleshooting to Online character data corruption. GUESS WHO CAN FIX THIS? Players themselves. Thats right, RockStar doesnt care about you if you have problem, BEST JUST BUY ANOTHER GAME, PROBLEM SOLVED, EVERYONES HAPPY. YAY.Yea, I know you can play with your friends, messing around just like how Vanoss did with his friends in a closed friend session. But again, if you want to mess around, you still have to grind money to get toys that you want to play with.Everything youre doing in Online is Grinding money. Everything youre doing, every DLC youre playing, those are going to cost you weeks or months just to buy 1 property that can make money. But sorry, if you want to do business, youll have to go to pub sessions, which most of time you would just get blown up out of nowhere even inside your safe houses.Rockstar is now officially a rich company that still cannot provide a stable server and a working Anticheat systems like VAC, or banning cheaters like Blizzard did to OverWatch cheaters.Ill be honest now, DONT EVEN BUY THIS TRASH, AND NEVER EVER BUY ANY GTATHEMED GAMES FROM NOW ON. Friends are the reason why I play this game, otherwise, I would just leave this forgotton in my steam library just like other trashy games like Tom Clancys The Division.Another reason why you shouldnt play GTAthemed games, because new games in the future will get bounded to stupid and useless garbage platform calls, Social Club. So, yea.