Grand Theft Auto V review for online and story mode!First off, Story Mode is personally my most favorite part about this game. even though they canceled the DLC for story mode for some GTA Online t. The reason I love story mode the most because of how they reintroduced you to the fantasized version of california, San Andreas. Also, with the characters. Micheal De Santa is an excrook who retired and moved to the richer part of Los Santos from North Yankton to get away from his problems. But then he got even more problems when he moved away. Then comes Franklin Clinton who is hands down my favorite character just because of how much he develops through the game. He lives in the southern part of San Andreas around where Grove Street was in GTASA. He went from doing grunt work by repoing cars, to living in Vinewood hills in an awesome house givein to him by one of his friends. Then there is Trevor Phillips. He is a VERY interesting man. Trevor worked with Micheal back before he retired. When he thought Micheal was a dead man after he escaped the cops in the first scene in the game, he moved to the hillbilly/redneck part of San Andreas. When he got settled in, he still persued criminal actions and cooked meth. So, I reccommend this game for Story Mode. I played it about 13 times because it never gets boring.Now for Online. I loved online when I had this game on the xbox. It was just so straight forward and not a grind fest. Do missions, get money, buy cars, and  around and have fun with friends. then the game got really cool with the vehicle updates, and heists. Thats when the game was still really fun and not a grind fest. But then these new updates came around where vehicles, bunkers, hangars, and etc. would cost over 1 mil. And by the time you got that and got the money u needed, the new update would come out with cooler items and it was repetitive, grindy and became p2w. Now for my final answer, I like GTA online because of what you can do on it. But it sometimes get really annoying when you have to buy a sharkcard for something to be used, or for something to be done.But overall, I love this game and I reccommend it to alot of people. But dont let CEO/Bunker/MC/Air Freight work get to you, cuz then thats when you get annoyed and would want to stop playing it. 