Grand Theft Auto V is an open world action adventure game developed by Rockstar North. This game is the fifteenth in the series. The game was originally released on Xbox 360 and PS3 in mid2013, and then got a remastered version on Xbox One and PS4 in late 2014, before finally being released on the PC in April 2015. The game quite rightly is a record setter, selling over 11 million copies and grossing over 800 million on the release day, before breaking the 1 billion marker three days afterwards.GTA V continues in tradition with the type of game play on offer. You play in third person over the shoulder view of the characters. The game has three main protagonists, who each have their own story and plot to go with them  somehow all three of these characterss path cross throughout the game and they soon become key to each others story. The driving in the game has been improved over the previous versions of the game, cars feel even more realistic to drive and the games physics engine is almost perfect with figuring out how objects will react should you hit them or they hit you!. The gun play in this game is significantly better than the previous versions also, I did have issues with aiming and general fight scenes before, but GTA V sets out the controls and feel of the gameplay perfectly allowing you to not run into any stumbling blocks in terms of the controls or mechanics. I did find the flying missions to be quite annoying at times, since I was playing the game on mouse and keyboard, I found the controls to be a bit fumbly when manning a helicopter or plane, but the flying parts of the game are few and far between. The main core of the game revolves around completing story missions for each of the three main characters these can range from stealing cars for a billionaires collection, right the way to robbing banks. There is plenty of variety in the missions you can do, and you will find it very difficult to find a moment in this game where you are bored.The game has gorgeous graphics, no they arent photo realistic, but thats because the games style isnt aiming for that. The PC version of this game is most certainly the pinnacle of gaming it just puts the consoles version to shame when you compare the two. My rig which is a monster, couldnt handle putting the game out at 60 fps at 4k resolutions, but was quite happy to run every setting at maximum on 1080p, and it just looks fantastic. Normally open world games try to reduce the graphics slightly just because how much is being loaded at any one time, but GTA V does none of that each of the textures are all high res, animation is absolutely perfect, and the lighting effects are some of the best I have seen in any video game.As with all GTA games, you are going to get a blockbuster style story line, this is one of the best, if not THE best plot to any video game and one which I will remember. All three of the characters story are so well written, and perfectly intertwining with each other. The game does have a large amount of cut scenes at the beginning of each level, some people may find this to be annoying as they would rather be playing the story rather than watching it but personally I found the cut scenes to be just as interesting to watch as it is to play the game. They fully immerse you into the world of Los Santos. Not only is there a captivating main story to the game, there are also plenty of side missions whilst they are all quite basic tasks for you to complete, they all have some sort of story behind them for each character, which are all well worth your time in completing.The sound effects and voice acting goes above and beyond here as well. Every single one of the characters is so perfectly voice acted that you sometimes forget that these arent real people in front of. The ambiance sounds of the city are all amazing too, there is never a moment where there is just silence, whether it is people in the street chatting to each other, or someone getting road rage, there is always something going on. Not to mention the game has 162 songs on the radio station, so you will always find something you are in the mood for when you are traveling across the map.The game isnt exactly hard, there are missions which you will probably have to do over again because of silly reasons, such as crashing your plane from not being able to land it I have had to do one of the missions way too many times to remember because of this!!, but I dont think I actually died in a gun fight or a heist of any kind, since most of the time you are with one of the other characters you always have some kind of backup should things turn nasty.Los Santos is one of the biggest game worlds to ever be made, it is bigger than GTA IV, GTA SA and Red Dead Redemption combined. Whilst a good portion of the map is mountain ranges and open fields of emptiness in the northern regions, the actual city is a bustling hive of entertainment and action. Round every corner there is something for you to do, whether it be a side missions that involves you getting your mother the drugs she needs, helping a young lady get her purse back after being robbed or not? or just earning an honest days work by towing cars that are parked illegally. The world is your oyster in Los Santos.The main story with a good portion of side missions and extras in GTA V took me just about forty six hours to complete. Whilst the main story is complete, I still have plenty of heists, extra missions, stunts, racesso much more to finish! The single player alone in this game can probably hit the heights of eighty hours if you want to complete everything, and it is something I am going to be aiming to do over the course of the next few months. Never have I played a game that has made me want to do that more! Having only played the game through once, I cannot be 100 sure on this, but I feel there is a slight portion of the game which can change depending on what actions you take towards the latter stages of the story so if you do want to replay the game again, there is going to be a bit of a different story at the end of it depending on what you choose.