GTA V Story Mode is amazing, the three main characters are complex and relatable, side quests are interesting and fun, and 100 worth the money..Its an amazing game, heavily overshadowed by a terrible oneRockstar is investing all their time into GTA Online these past years, before GTA V, they had yearly releases with their many franchises and IPs, after GTA V, and the introduction of GTA Online, there hasnt been a new Rockstar game for over 4 to 5GTA Online is not worth it, with friends it can be fun.. but the new updates are useless for people like me, and many others. This game is burried under microtransactions. Smugglers Run, and the most recent Doomsday Heist make no difference for people who havent poured a crap ton of real world money into shark cards or modded the game to give themselves an absurd amount of money, not even the orbital cannon has a change for me personally because, so far, I have never been affected by it, most likely because to get access to it, is to have 10 million dollars, an option not even reachable by buying the highest Shark Card option, which is worthin return for 8 million. The grind to get someout of GTA Online, is absurd.. hours and hours of playing minigames and others activites for a fraction, of a million.. its not fun.Good.. LORD.. this is the most TOXIC community I have ever seen, people abusing the hell out of their military guns, tanks, planes, they got by pouring so much money into getting Shark Cards or they modded money, I have not gone one session without having to turn on passive mode, kinda just ruining the point of GTA. They always say toand in that sense throwing money at this game is something worth of skill? I have met one good person, and that experience lasted for about 5 minutes until I never saw them again.If you do literally nothing for a living you can grind until you get to that level, but for the rest of the world who have school, jobs, other higher prioritized objectives in life, it will take FOREVER, to even scrape the level of the people who threw money at this game to get some enjoyment and a taste of the new updates.GTA Online is a Pay to ENJOY game, if you are getting this to play strictly GTA Online, you are doing yourself a disfavor, I would buy this for just the single player. This is probably going to be the last single player GTA since its been said numeral times by Rockstar the shift to focusing strictly on GTA Online has been paying off exponentially. If this is the future of Rockstar, it will be another EA or 2K, gaming companies highly criticised of their money grabbing ways in their games, but with Rockstar they get away mostly scott free. Steam reviews say otherwise, but they never reach the same level as the backlash as EA with BFII, or 2K with 2K18.Dont play online unless youre planning to, screw around with friends, pour your hard earned money just to enjoy the game, or have a friend who knows how to mod the game to get you big bank. Play story mode.