I received this as a present two Christmass ago, and finally got around to playing it a bit more in depth this year. I know I am late to the GTA band wagon but, I am sure for most people it is the Online experience they are curious about. I cant say what it is like on console but this is a review of PC.As far as the main game and story its decent. I cant say its the best, because its honestly a lot of old movie references and cliches running down the mill. If youve seen said movies or even heard the summary of them, then you will probably see where the plot of a lot of this story is going, regardless. RockStar tries real hard to shock with certain characters, but all things considered, it isnt so much shocking as just coming off as mean spirited at times.Now, for the Online part and why this gets a thumbs down Its a mess. The PC version is full of cheaters on a regular basis that abuse programs to access menus they arent suppose to. They try to make it sound innocent by sayng they are modding but its cheating/hacking. Some will try to be benign and just play in their own little area leaving others alone and wont bother you, but most of the time, you will be encountering the ones whose sole purpose to ruin everyone elses day. They will be doing things from being immortal, speed hacking aka running faster than cars even, teleporting around to people directly, to just randomly teleporting you to locations, or plain blowing you up. And Rockstar seems to care little about this as nothing has really been done to stop these rampant cheaters as they are still plaguing the game.Finding a lobby that wont be overrun with multiple cheaters is hard to do, to the point you actually have to use little tricks to force solo public sessions if you actually want to enjoy the full experience that GTA Online offers, since RockStar in their infinite stupidity decided to make certain features the important ones only accessible to public lobbies only. Suspending your game to force the servers to think your connection is bad becomes a common thing for legit players who want a cheater free experience, and if you are willing to go to extremes, blocking RockStars ports to try and keep out as many cheaters and griefers as possible. And thats just bad practice. Its so bad on PC that this is even something Rockstar recommends people do.And that is only the tip of the proverbial iceberg. The main online game is just a chaotic mess. Never mind the insane load times and getting online wait times can be a crap shoot let alone the cosntant need to enter and exit buildings. We are talking about a game where the PvP has no goals or objectives. Its just kill or be killed. And because of people able to pay to win their way to the top, thanks to shark cards, you will encounter a lot of people that are only there to ruin the days of others which can make it quite frustrating for new players. Your lowly level 20 character doing their VIP mission can only hope and pray some level 300 character doesnt come swooping in on their Avenger or Oppressor or some other flying vehicle launching rockets at you to ruin your day over and over. There is no proper match making that would pair equally geared and experienced players up. Their only fix is a poor sport system that hardly works and only goes to people that just dont care as it can easily be circumnavigated through smart play.Trying to actually enjoy the business portions of the game to make money is an exercise in futility. Again, in Rockstars infinite stupidity, the moment you have an objective ready your location is instantly pinged on the map and what you will be moving. Everyone in the lobby will know where you are regardless and that you are doing something important. And its a crap shoot that people will actually let you finish or just ruin your day. And you will always be horribly outgunned in all but one scenario when these players decide to come after you, especially on delivery runs, because the vehicles you are given are rarely a match for homing rockets, let alone jet fighters, armored tanks or even the Avenger.And then there are the tryhard griefers. You will instantly be able to recognize them not only by crew name, but just visible appearance and actions. These people just randomly kill people, just for the giggles, and when they might be in danger of being killed, will off themselves regularly to try and preserve a precious K/D ratio in the game. Most of them have very inflated K/D ratios thanks to the game not counting NPC deaths or suicides as deaths. And you will see these people a lot, they will get a few kills, then die or take the easy way out then start a new rampage after theyve refreshed a powerful vehicle or they will go into passive mode to run away and wait or hop to a new lobby.The game play seems forced to make people want to buy shark cards to be able to play with the high end toys in this game, and thats just pathetic business practices. New players joining the game are going to get railed quickly without friends, and remaining veterans are so bored the only thing they bother doing is just trying to kill people.Ive seen some commentary videos trying to claim that Rockstar lobby matches are dead, but only because there is so much content. I cant agree to any of that. Ive played many of the matches, and they are all boring as hell. The main game is running the businesses in the online lobby, regardless of what people think. Thats where the bulk of the money you will earn is at. But you cant enjoy the experience, on PC at least, because of rampant cheaters and a system that doesnt encourage fair and balanced PvP scenarios, but forces players into situations they cant win. So many PC players force their solo public lobbies or even do drastic measures to block Rockstars ports to keep the game private for them and their friends so they can actually enjoy the game experience.In the end I cant recomend this game to someone that wants to be a solo player, and even if you bring friends it would probably be better on console. The experience is absolute crap, and you need to be bound and determined to go on to slough through the rivers of crap to be able to reach that golden gem. Pitiful PvP reasons and players so bored that they just want to grief others even if the pay out for doing so is not even 1 of the total cargo value in the end, with rampant and blatant cheating and Rockstar uncaring attitude towards it because they make bank off stupid people buying shark cards on a game that can likely be shut down any time. Its just a very poor experience for anyone who isnt willing to jump through the hoops to make the experience some what tolerable.This game is the true definition of a Ponzi Scheme. 