GTA is in itself, especially storywise, a great game with loads of features and tons of stuff to do.Multiplayer is an extension of that and what I will be focusing on here.It brings a bunch of new vehicles, features, missions, characters into the game and allows you to play, with friends or alone, in the city of Los Santos and do as you wish. Fly a bomber plane, get a tank, buy an office and start stealing cars, buy a yacht.Multiplayer does however also include outragiously priced items such as a 50000 hat or a 100000 Suit. And that is just the clothing  which is optional. Vehicle prices skyrocket from acceptable, but high to insane very, very quickly. Some normal super cars cost upwards of 2 million dollars, with more added rather frequently. Others, so called special vehicles cost upwards of 3 million  the APC for example.There are a bunch of buisnesses for the player to run, you can craft weapons and sell them, smuggle narcotics and other illegal stuff, become a CEO and steal cars/supply crates or get yourself a motorcycle club and produce drugs which you then sell.Those are some amazing things to do, admittedly. The issue, with all of them consnsitently, is the pricing. 4 million dollars for an office, between 1 and 3 million for a bunker, another 2 to 3 for a hangar  the motorcycle club actually comes in rather cheap at 200000 dollars. Oh, I nearly forgot, to actually make money you again have to invest into your buisness, sometimes going over one million dollars.Now lets get into the cool stuff, I will just list a few prices hereWith the, at the writing of this review, most recent DLC airplanes were added into the game. Most of these are really rather cool to fly and kill people with  but at the same time the cool ones start 45 000 000 .With the update before that the developers added a sniper rifle that shoots explosive rounds. It takes just a few of those shots to, without exception, destroy all airplanes. Heck you dont even need to reload to get multiple of them.Now the prices wouldnt be that bad if it werent for the fact that you have to grind for ages to get anything done. Hours to get to 500k, and guess what, you need 10 times that. Easily.Rockstar has also decided to dripfeed content to the users over weeks, even months, which makes it even worse. New content would be great if it would be affordable.At this stage GTA Online has become such a grind that any attempt at getting into it now, without cheating, is futile and a waste of money.