TLDr Microtransaction Paywalls prohibit any reasonable access to the game. Some items in the game are priced higher than the game it self if you look at Shark Card prices for reference. seems to be the only thing Rockstar enforces aside from spammed reports from players on griefers is Permabanning anyone that attempts to get around their ridiculous pay walls to Free UpdatesHeres the deal, this game is fun, its funny, well made, the reason I DO NOT RECOMMEND is because of the detestable microtransactions. For example, this game was on sale for 29.99 at the time I write this. The new update that adds The Ultimate Heist adds a Delorean that flies and shoots rockets and what not. In the scale of shark cards. that single vehicle is worth 50 sitting at 4mil GTA while an 8mil shark card costs 100 usually. throw in the fact you have to buy a Facility before you can even buy the car, add 1.64.5mil on top of the value depending on what you choose in the way of Facilities. Congratulations, that SINGLE vehicle in the game now costs about 70. MORE THAN THE PRICE OF THIS GAME WHEN IT WAS BRAND NEW! lets add to that fact with the Gunrunners update going as cheaply as we can just to get started. spend about 1.2 mil on the bunker, no upgrades. spend another 1.2mil on the Mobile Operations Center which is what actually makes the cool features of the bunker functional. OH BUT WAIT! to even buy one of these bunkers or facilities, you need an Office, a Motorcycle club, etc. Something that lets you actually own any of the money making businesses. so the Delorean actually costs closer to 8090 bucks, I digress, To get even the first bit of the cool stuff in any of these Free Updates you have to A. Grind for days. Ive made about 1.5Mil in the past week, with three businesses and a basic bunker, supplemented with a ton of the 2x Rp 2x  Motor Wars game mode or B. Spend easily 450 dollars to get the rest of the content in the game supplemented by weeks of grinding for the smaller stuff. OR C. Find a hacker to give you money, which brings me to my last pointRockstar doesnt ban anyone for anything, even hackers, UNLESS THEY BYPASS THEIR MICROTRANSACTIONS! I know a lot of those old reviews say Hurr Durr I got banned for this thats probably because they were being ato every one in the game and got reported a dozen times a day for griefing, OR they didnt mention a hacker just gave them like 25 mil and they started spending it really quickly. that triggers a autoban system from what I can tell.Im done with rockstar until they make it reasonable or enjoyable to play their game. I like a challenge and earning items in a game, but my 103 hours in GTA Online has yielded 11.4mil about 135 worth of in game currency. Tonight I met a hacker. and in the span of 10 minutes bumped my balance to 126 mil1350ish in shark cards. I didnt even do anything with it. Got signed out of my account and now I cant log in. you Rockstar. I didnt even ask for the damn money. 