Uhmm this game is missing like 90 of its content. Could you perhaps make servers without the military base? Would be nice to not be forced to play with your children. Definitely staying away from any game that has people restricting themselves to joysticks in the future. They quite literally add a rocket launcher to the middle of the map in every single game to make it competitive because Timmy spams sensitivity to 14 then spins in circles praying to clip someone.. LOL. Inbefore 6 of them cant even break a garbage angle on a staircase...Gtao literally devolved into minecraft hahahaha. Knocking over worthless sand castles when people arent around lolol.While running around, doing nothing for hours is their forte. Id rather have some immersion lol. Its boring having the whole game centre around spawn killing each other in the 1 spawn point in the military base. Who the  even thinks thisup lol. This has to be the worst trainwreck of a game design Ive ever seen. Inbetween the cheating modders outright ruining the map. Now they just spawn anyone inside a protected military base with free jets? I guess thats a good end game? We pretty much just spawn kill each other now with explosive snipers until one gives up. Theres no consequence or cost to it. Waste of time, even.Is rockstar alive still? It would make sense if they were owned by the Chinese. The Chinese happen to think its normal to cheat and shoot each other in the back as if its supposed to resemble cunning. Its possible to attack entrenched positions and win. I dont know whats so scary about knowledge. Half their content is completely out of place with North Korea camping the middle of the map. Wheres my Bofors and phalanx to complement? Or can they not manage any sort of resistance? Would explain A LOT.I would get my money back but the devs would end up losing ALL their money again hahaha. Id much rather take my money back and spend it on a game that isnt a money grab but we all know how North Korea operates hah. 