Great game all round single player and multi player. Game devs are constantly adding new modes, or lots more of different types of racing content. New cars / some armored some not, weaponzing of some cars, etc.Single player storyline you switch from character to character for different parts of the missions, some being the characters special abilities, weather your playing as one of the three main charters stories lines. Michal has the ability to slow down time.  great for out side shooting, weather it be running or riding a bike, helpful for the earlier on running of the marathons with the bikes. Franklin which you start out playing after the main game intro play has the ability in cars, to slow down time.  Great for the car racing missions. The first race mission might be a little tricky, with his special skill being lower, but after you develop it by using it more.  it dose regenerate over time, so use it as much as you can starting out to help you much faster along with game play since you switch from time to time and missions to missions. Trevor the third character you run into for playing, has the ability to take damage, when in this mode getting head shoots, or more killing damage helps to regenerate the bar much faster.Multiplayer the game has lots of great things to offer, with its share of plenty of not so fun times or bad experiences, some can be a mix, all depends on the community your playing with weather it be a solo session, friends only, clan, invite only, and open world. Everyone will or can have difference experiences in any of the different online open world multiplayer world. All maps are pretty much the same, but you can find some differences in the single player and multiplayer modes. Weather it be cars / locations of some. or some buildings you can get into, and some single player you can / cant , same for the multi player version of the world map. Easter eggs can be found some in single player and multiplayers, some it can only de done, one or the other, same for pc vs consoles some work on one but not the other and some work on both. YouTube can be great finding some, if they have glitches or exploits, chances are they have been patched hopefully by now. so most of them shouldnt work.Modding I personally never tried any on this game, only gave that i have where legal mods for left 4 dead 2. Game devs eliminated modding in the game. I seen some awesome game mods / modes for the game via YouTube, livestreams etc. Game never ran correctly for me or high enough fps frames per second for me to even bother. Yet you still see even though, devs have said to eliminated all modding, you still see players on multiplayer seasons dropping in game money, modded cars etc. players that should of been banded a long time ago, yet for some reason, Rockstar still seams to let theses people play on their game servers, wrecking it for others, some modders in games arent always bad people so dont take that the wrong way, but more of the time than not they end up wrecking a game mode event world or race, by adding things that werent meant to be on the map, and they stay there till you restart the game, after closing it out completely, some of the mods, even carried over to your single player world unintended if you didnt notice till you try to play it, on the same night / day, with out restarting your game. still happens even after said they eliminated of all game mods/ modders....lies. Sure they can fix or patch some thing, but also a lop hole some where in coding flaws.Take 2 interactive, which is part of the Rockstar. CEO plans to add to every new game they plan to release from this point forward in time to add, micro transactions into every game. The companies way of saying your paying 60 for a game, but where going to add lets say as easement for each game 0.99 to 150.00 extra real life money you have to spend in the game after you actually bought it at full price or sale of most new game average of 60.00 per new game, maybe 1/2 of that on sale, for a new full game, lease / license. To the companies Their like yes we can  even more people, once they have bought our game, They dont seam to care their all about just profits. Yes some of the in game transactions can be helpfully to players that dont want to waite or grind levels, etc. so some can be beneficial to people, from that stand point of view. However, any thing like that you can buy with real money should be released as some thing you can or should be able to get with the same in game currency, with little or no effort, however that doesnt seem to be the case for most companies. If you treat your costumers correctly, weather it being by making a great game, you dont have to worry as much, but if its a half  game, with micro transactions, then its even worse. Without happy people or costumers, game makes and companies eventually will go under or sink. For the developed game makes publishers devs etc, most not all but more than it should be dont care as much after you buy their games, so still do luckly.  For RS Rockstar and 2k take 2 interactive I would say are more on the developed side of the spectrum. Yes they add more content to most of their games, credit for that, however the micro transactions not so much. Personally they could careless about their actually costumers after they buy the game. First hand experience with the company.Enjoy the new content updates for multiplayer open world and 2x rp adversity modes. Luckly they rotate some of them from shooting to driving modes etc. Might not always like every new update they offer, but many like the verity to the game from time to time, and sales on different random items or vehicles, or mod upgrades weather it be built proof vest, or car turbo upgrades, or paint resprays for cars or ammunitions for your weapons or charges, etc. upgrades for your apartments, or upgrades for the biker club or other in game organizations. Little simple things that can help make the game a little easier or more fun some times, or to help you out after struggling to get that next big upgrade of your dream lives your running in the game, or organizations.For the main reason for the not recommending this game is as follows.Great game Yes single player, and multiplayer, yes and noLast time I voted two awards for this game in The Steam Awards, and once for it in the current Steam awards. it is a good game However, from my experiences with the company and someone who bought the game / licenses for pc, and on console. Even gifted games from this company 2k and RS multi copys some for pc, and console, and many other games from the game devs and their makers. Had a problem with the game since i got it on pc for over two years. I had recently contacted the RS by phone to help trouble shoot to fix the problems.