Good Game, Terrible CompanyGTA V is a truly mixed bag of a game, with genera defining open world design, amazing visuals and decent size of content mixed with an awkward UI, terrible session management, miserable load times and a company who does not care about its customers.The Campaign/Single Player features an excellent story with 3 main characters each with a distinct mindset. Several other sidecharacters make the game an interesting, lovable world that is a bit surreal in its own but it is fun to play. In terms of depth, for an action game it is well equipped with content with numerous side missions, challenges, weapons, businesses stock market and more.However most players will purchase this title for the Multiplayer experience. This is where the game lacks most of its charm, as multiplayer is heavily handicapped with numerous issuesWith the above in mind we have arrived. In the past several months they have shown their commitment to continue not giving a shit about their customers. First their inability to do anything about the massive number of cheaters and their banning wave of legitimate nonhackers, their nonexistent support, trying to ban Open IV the modding platform/community for GTAV and most recently, blatantly stealing money from legitimate users who paid with real moneyIt is absolutely infuriating to see a game go to hell by the developer like this instead with a little care and fix it would be an excellent game of the decade contester.I genuinely had fun times with my friends and I could recommend this game mainly for the Campaign, and some private play with your friends in Multiplayer. However, I cannot recommend a game with all my heart where a company gives zero faks, robs you and refuse to communicate. This type of mentality and the presence of pay to win Shark Cards raises a great concern about Rockstars future titles.GTA V is not a bad game, it is a badly managed game. That could have been the best game ever, but it is left to rot in a cesspool without any bright future ahead. I cannot recommend it at this state.