GTAV Single Player is still a worthy addition to the Grand Theft Auto series after all those years, even though it never got any expansions besides the next gen launch. GTA Online is the single worst online experience I ever had in my life, on top of a shiny AAA polish. By all means buy it if you want to play the story mode, community mods, or modded online dedicated private servers, but I urge you to stay far away from GTA Online. Dont get addicted to it. Its not worth it.Let me show a rundown of what your GTA Online experience will be. Ill assume that you saw the Deluxo flying Delorean on the trailer, and you really want to play just to get it and have fun with it.The first thing youll notice after making your character is how long the game takes to load online, even after loading all map assets. Thats because it uses a peer to peer architecture, instead of having any dedicated servers like they dont make enough money to host them.... It has to connect to every single person in a session before dumping you in, and it takes very long to make everyone stays in sync. And you are constantly jumping sessions, between doing different jobs and modes, getting out of them, to connecting to your friends, to getting randomly disconnected all the time and having to do it all again. Expect 10 to 20 of your time in game being wasted on load screens, depending on the quality of your internet. Loading screens between interior areas and exterior areas are also unusually long for whatever reason.Next thing youll notice is that most of the stuff shoved in your face is extremely expensive, and how little content caters to new players. It urges you to buy the expensive Criminal Enterprise Starter Pack, or else you are going to be grinding missions for days in order to get an expensive enough apartment to do heists, a car, and one of the criminal enterprises, in order to start making money for your Deluxo. While you do that, you will have to deal with people in public sessions that already play the game for a long time, and are going to grief you with military cars, jets, explosives and powerful weapons, spawn camping you for hours without end, since you cant do VIP and enterprise missions on a private session. Public sessions in 2017 are a warzone. To top it off, until you get to level 100, you will have much less HP than other players, which is a stupid game design decision.The heists not doomsday are the life blood of GTA Online. They were the most anticipated DLC, are the most fun piece of content, and gives a lot of money in missions that are done in private sessions. But even then, you are going to have to deal with some t game design. First, you need four people to do then, and they cant be completed if even one person doesnt know what hes doing, harming everyone else in the process. Then theres the long unskipable cutscenes after some really difficult checkpoints that are going to demotivate you even more. Then theres the fact theres little variety to the stuff youll be doing, and you will see yourself relentlessly grinding the same, most rewarding one if you dont want to deal with public sessions. Did I mention that the loading between tries is extremely long? !Then you will realize that in order to make enough money to rival the microtransaction option, you will have to own one or more of the criminal enterprises. You will then come across the t public session mandatory missions, with its ridiculous AI that can headshot you all day while you run, and civillians that ram into you on purpose when you come across then, and the fact that everyone else in the session gets a huge blip on the map showing where you are and are rewarded for destroying you and disrupting your missions. You can spend a whole month grinding 2,000,000 in crates, just to have this one guy in a jet or with an orbital cannon destroying everything you worked for. Your stolen import/export cars can even expontaneously explode in your face if everyone else disconnects from your session and it happens a lot, the online is unstable. Its blatant frustration being induced to make you buy money through microtransactions.Now, you did one of two things you caved to the microtransaction option, or you painfully got through everything to get there. Its time to buy your Deluxo and customize it! Not so fast though. You will then come through some of the content paywalls. While you can store your Deluxo in any cheap garage some of the cars cant, they need one of the expensive enterprise options, you will need a MOC 1,165,000 cheapest bunker  1,225,000 MOC or an Avenger 1,250,000 cheapest facility  3,450,000 on top of the Deluxo 3,550,000 trade price, and some more sometimes 500,000 to customize it. Considering how an 8,000,000 shark card costs USD 100.00, and the Deluxo is not even that good, you can see that this is NOT worth it at all. And theres a lot of money dripping that is going to make you lose a lot of money in the long run, like insurance costs and daily expenses for every single property and enterprise you own. Leave your game running overnight to let your product be ready to sell by the time you wake up, and you can lose up to 200,000 when you were not expecting.And thats only some of pieces of content in the game, there is a lot more to buy. A random boring piece of clothing can cost up to 100,000. Every couple of months comes out a car that blows other cars out of the water so you need to buy and customize it in order to stay competitive in races, and there are a lot of different types of races and car categories. Couple this with the fact that Rockstar loves to put cars in categories that are obviously not meant for them. Its a how.When you are at the top, you will come to realize that no one around you actually plays fair and square. There are money glitches coming out every new DLC, and on PC there are a lot of people using mods online. Rockstar has proven to be very bad at banning those people, and when they try to, they end up getting people that had nothing to do with it. So they just dont bother. Dont be surprised if all your expensive weapons are wiped out, or if you start to explode inside your own house.Thats everything I have for now. This is what you are signing into when entering the world of GTA Online. And thats the kind of stuff that you should expect from future Rockstar games, so always wait for it to come out before buying. 