While GTA V does have a very enjoyable singleplayer campaign with some great characters and memorable moments, it stuffers from many issues that plague both SP and especially MP that Rockstar doesnt seem to care to fix, instead of putting out free DLC the free part is nice, and some of them are cool DLCs but they are just designed to be increasingly expensive and to drive sales of overpriced and scummy Shark Cards.This is in addition to Take Twos crack down on singleplayer modding, even though it does not harm MP at all and they have never done anything to actually stop cheaters anyway.First of all, singleplayers problems. Theres absolutely nothing to do that makes it worth to keep playing singleplayer after you beat the story. There is no insurance for cars so once you lose them you have to rebuy and remod them, wtf!? I am not sure if there is any way to keep making more money either.Plus there is no sign of any SP DLC or expansions, it seems that, despite earlier confirmation from voice actors and suggestions in game of SP DLC, they ahve ditched it just to focus on selling shark cards in MP.Multiplayer... where do I even begin? Menus are laggy, like unreliable when clicked and slow. I have never experienced this in any other game. P2P servers and how you can easily switch straight to MP from SP mean they dont have any real way of stopping people from just using mods in multiplayer which is utterly bizarre for an MP game from such a big company. Also does nothing to stop hackers, there are hackers everywhere. Driving is still just hold down W to go faster and faster! Kind of hard to maintain a reasonable speed. Plus the AI likes to randomly swerve into the wrong lane. Can only start a private MP session with friends FROM SINGLEPLAYER. If youre already in MP you have to leave and start SP and then switch back... this makes zero sense and is frustrating. Especially due to the long load screens. Many other smaller issues I dont recall because I stopped playing like a year. No support for steering wheel peripherals.