Coming from someone who genuinely loved GTA4, this review is a little biased and alcohol infused.The story itself of the main game is very...sporadic. We start with a whinging session from a guy we dont know, only to be thrust into the life of someone different who happened to be walking by. The idea of havingprotagonists is not something that sits well with me at all. Its hard to keep track of whats going on, and its even harder to relate to this characters. The missions very quickly descend into chaos, constantly introducing new characters and concepts before actually cementing the concept of the game universe. Overall, the worst story to date from Rockstar.The characters themselves are unlikable and incredibly shallow. People say each character represents a typical GTA player, but why would you model game characters based on the players? Shouldnt it be the other way around? In keeping with the theme of characters in the game, a few faces make a return. Even though theyre not supposed to be part of the same GTA universe. 2D, 3D, HD although Lazlow seems to be multidimensional. Other characters are new, building upon the Strangers introduced in GTAIV. Whilst some are intersting, others seem just seem like a chore and are just padding for an already lacklustre story.Technically, the game is a marvel. Just be sure to turn of Ambient Occlusion. Occasional frame drops on a more than capable machine is still frequent. The GTAO part is much, much worse. Server disconnects, session disconnects, not being able to select certain menus in game, in first person view, and other such interface designs that dont make sense for a multiplayer game.As you can see, Ive spent a LOT of hours in this game, mostly on GTA Online, because I couldnt care less for the Singleplayer. After spending my time enjoying heists with strangers and friends, the game has become stale and is just repeating the same content. Playing this game both offline and online is now no longer enjoyable due to the repeated content, which is locked away by a faux grind/pay wall, the people you play with which always seem to be in completely different countries, or underage, or just complete bumholes.I would only recommend this game now if you had other friends to play with. This game isnt good to play alone for a relaxed session, nor is it good to gang up with strangers as most of them will instantly kill on sight.Personally I would not recommend it at all. Im not holding my breath for the next instalment. 