Ive been a fan of Grand Theft Auto ever since it started.This is why it is a great shame to me that this game ruined its ultimate potiental of fun.What ruined the game? you might ask.It isnt the excellently tailored singleplayer experience that stunned players at launch. It isnt the gameplay mechanics that offer everything you could have wished for in an insanely cool sandboxgame. Neither is it the condensed but crazily accurate representation of L.A.It is the microtransaction system.Want to play with your friends? Sure.Want to drive a car with your friends? 50Want to save your car for further use? 10And still, if you accidentally ruin your car, whether you scratch it or drive it off the wrong cliff Rockstar Games sure hope you saved some of that money you added to the game, or else you have 24 ingame hours to acquire it.Next caseWant to take part in the new update where you can plan missions/host a yacht party/organize a biker club/etc...?50 for the worst clubhouse/biker joint etc...50 for the upgrade making it profitableAnd still Rockstar Games sure hope you play with a nontoxic community, or else theyre going to doing everything in their way to make you lose the mission and burn your 100 investment.There was a time in GTAIV multiplayer when everyone on the PC platform modded. These people could through simple trainers and applications improve the multiplayer beyond the creators planned vision for the multiplayer. Now theyre punished, removed from the game they love for making it fun in their sense of way,I would be happy to pay for a seasonal expansion pack with everything in it once a year. But when you almost have to pay real money everytime when you, just e.g. want fly a faster plane, have a new tshirt in game or get the car you cant afford in reallife, youve succesfully made fun a chore.Hate the Greed of microtransactions that removes the fun into something you once loved.EDIT Rockstar has recently added a collection bundle for GTAOnline where you get a neat package of vehicles, access to activities etc.. Great moves! Only a few years late though. 