GTA 5 is an entertaing singleplayer game and with friends the only has lots of fun moments. The core of GTA, the fun of the airport in GTA4, the mayhem of spawing attack helicopters in San Andreas and the cool enviroments and music of Vice City are all there. But GTA 5 is another unfortunate victim to the ization of gaming in general. Instead of embracing their fans, who made them one of the most successful media launches of all time, they turn away and strip away at the core of the very fun game. The singleplayer was a great time, and I enjoyed all three characters. A few of the things I dislike in singleplayer is leaving online content out, forcing you to unlock these things in the multiplayer, which I will get to.  Singleplayer DLC has also never come, which dosent make any sense seeing as the DLC for GTA4 were just as, if not better, than the base game. But, making a storyline would actually require some effort on the Rockstars part. Rockstar would rather sell their microtransactions in a 60 AAA game, then add more to the singleplayer. The online on PS3 was always a fun experience, because with just a little hard work you could keep buying better cars and guns, and making money wasnt as boring of a grind because the payouts were fairly decent and you could replay a mission as much as you wanted. But, Rockstar realized that making everything ludicrously expensive and then making the money hard to get would allow them to make much more money from Shark Cards. Shark Cards have ruined the online. Before DLC items were too expensive to actually purchase, I looked forward to getting the new weapons and playing with them. But now, a ing SMG will cost you 30,000 dollars and the extended magazine attachment will set you back another 15,000. Dosent sound like a lot, but when you have to spend about a longtime making that money, it just makes you not want to play anymore. GTA Online is just not fun anymore. And if you were lucky enough for a modder to give you some money so that you could buy the fun stuff, the game opened up a lot more. Flying around in a sports car with a turbo jet on the back is insanely fun, but 95 of the people who play will never get to that point. GTA Online is just an overall bad experience in the end. There are glimpses of something that could be so amazing, but Rockstar balkanized the playerbase so that 10 percent of people get to have the cool stuff that lets them have fun, then this ten percent just flies around in a jet and blows anyone else up. If the Online was a complete sandbox and anything you wanted was allowed to you, then you could have fun moments of chasing someone in a tank while you are dodging cannon shots in an Apache. When you can actually have fun, it really is fun. But since that fun is so hard to attain, it is not worth it.I was spurred on to write a review because of Rockstar and TakeTwos anticonsumer policies regarding the game. Instead of banning modding for no reason, why not work on porting over RDR and RDR2 to PC?