Its about time I left a review here, having quit the game as of probably over a year ago.Rockstar and Take Two dont give a singleabout you as a customer. I know from firsthand experience. This latest thing about them not wanting people to mod the game with OpenIV is just icing on the cake. Their game and practices have been invalidating users purchases since it was released on PC, and they arent doing a thing to fix that.My original issue was with their builtin anticheat. Instead of using a tried and true anticheat mechanism like VAC or PunkBuster or EAC, they decided theyd do better, and added something of their own to the game. Somehow, they screwed it up way, way worse than any of the other solutions out there. Surprising, huh?Their anticheat not only doesnt ban uses who are quite obviously using cheats, but it also bans users who arent doing anything wrong at all! Thats what I paid 60 for! They took a bruteforce consolestyle approach to anticheat. Anything thats running on your system that might even LOOK at the games memory while running will get you flagged, and that includes streaming software, chat overlays, FPS counters, virus scanners, hell even steams own FPS counter was doing it at one point. The real kicker is they wont admit that their system makes any mistakes, let alone tell you what on your system is setting the anticheat off.That point is hammered home when you try to contact support about the issue. Any and all tickets even mentioning the word ban in them are automatically closed with an automated response, and calling their support line and saying the same thing results in an aggressive scriptreading and disconnected call. If you think Im joking, just try it for yourself. This review will still be here for you to read, Ill wait.Back already? Good, because theres just a bit more left. See, a large portion of the community is so blindly entranced by the game series that they assume Rockstar can do no wrong, and swear that anyone that has a problem is either a liar, an idiot, or both. Ive been falsely banned TWICE from the game, and just about every response Ive gotten when mentioning it has been you cheated, you got what you deserved. Productive bunch, eh?So let me just say that this latest anticonsumer move from the GTA giant comes as not even the slightest inkling of a surprise for me, someone who LOVED this game, someone who was waiting for its release, someone who doesnt have a ton of money and saved up for it, who feels completely cheated and betrayed. I wont be buying another Rockstar product again. I hope the company hits such dire times that they get dismantled and the property is sold off to someone who can do the customers justice. Lastly, I hope the people who are making these actively harmful decisions step on a lego, have it fly into their mouth and then choke on it.By the way, you should all go into the tags for this product and report the one that says Moddable. It doesnt apply anymore. Thanks for reading.