When it comes to the campaign you are gonna enjoy it because it is really good, but the main reason for people coming to play this game is GTA Online for sure and I can tell you that its current state is terrible ! Why ? I have 400 hours on PC, plus another 400 on ps3 when it came out, so Im gonna try to be as clear as possible.GTA Online is about making money by playing missions, heists, doing jobs like stealing cars and selling them, sell cocain from Cocain lab, selling weapons from bunker where they are made etc., and you can spend that money on cool cars, luxury appartements, weapons, private jets, helicopters, war vehicles etc. Sounds cool right ? Well there is a problem.At beggining when the game came out the prices for these things were reasonable, but now in the last couple of new updates and with Import/Export things, the prices are just awful. They keep getting higher and higher and it has become so much harder to buy cool things that you want and in that way, they are trying to make you buy their Shark Cards which is really not worth, even the 75 card that gives you 8.000.000  is not enough, you are gonna need more than that to buy things here, because when you buy something, you still have to costumize it if you want it to look and be better which also really costs. If you wanna get the money normally, you can either repeat the heists or do the Import/Export jobs since those ways are best for making money, but they still dont give you the money that you really deserve nowadays and for Import/Export jobs, it really takes a lot of time to get the money that you need, even friends that help you cant get the deserving money. For example, I still didnt even manage to sell the weapons from the bunker cause it really takes a lot of time for them to be ready for sale and btw, the only way to get the stock ready for sale, for either weapons, drogs, weed, whatever, is to be active in session, ONLY ! The stocks cant get full while you are for example playing heists or some missions or car races with your friends. And when I want to sell a product, for example two cars with my friend, I will get 200.000 while my friend is only gonna get 20.000 t ! Thats how Rockstar is trying to keep their players playing here, by spending thousands of hours repeating the same things that are really NOT worth and they try to make you buy their ing Shark Cards and even that is still not worth your money at all ! Please for the love of GOD, dont fall in to a trap thinking that buying shark cards is gonna help you. This really shows how Rockstar became greedy. You think  Yes ! There is new content coming and like every, its FREE ! , but when you see how expensive the content is, you just get really disappointed. Here is the best example of it, when the first heists came out, you only had to buy an appartement which had a specific room for that and the cheapest one was about 250.000  which was not that hard to get and now you can play 5 heists, but with these new ones that just came out, you have to buy a facility to play the heists and the facilities cost from 1.500.000  ???? THAT ! Its faster to get bankrupt here, then to be rich, SO WHATS THE POINT !If you wanna play this game because of the campaign, go for it and I suggest you to get it on sale, but if you wanna enjoy GTA Online, you will maybe like it at beggining like I did when it came out, but that was when prices were reasonable and when you figure out how expensive new content has become, not to mention hackers and unfair bans, you will see how horrible GTA Online really is. Yes, you can also  around with your friends and race, but its really not worth your time if you are gonna be doing only that, even for that you need money, especially if you wanna have fun with cool things. 