The game starts very strongly and especially shines when we do our first heist and are then introduced to Trevor, because Trevor is a such a strong character.However, after Trevor learns the spoiler, the game just disintergrates. The team constantly bickers and the plot becomes aimless. The ending of the game couldve happened right at that point, without having the characters go through all the trouble of catering to those who try to control them and considering just how easy the ending was, the player is left wondering why the heck it wasnt done right away in the first place. It feels like the writers came up with this idea of ridiculously twisted plot and they sacrificed everything just to have those twists. The game ends with a foul aftertaste. Youre happy that you dont have to endure the characters fighting with each other anymore, not that the characters defeat their enemies.A lot of the missions in the game are poorly thought through and simply make you move from one map marker to another, without letting you stray from the course. You do a lot of the things that dont make any sense just because the game forces you to do them.The games controls are clunky and constantly get in the way, especially when youre flying or swimming. The gun choice is inconsequential. I played the entire game with the same weapons. At the end, I bought all my characters a minigun, but the game actually disables it in many missions because... youre not allowed to play the game the way you want to.Another annoying thing is cars your characters are forced to drive the same beaters they were driving at the start of the game. Any new car you get you lose during missions because... youre not allowed to play the game the way you want to. After the mission, you have to drive to the cop station to retrieve your last nice car, but you lose it again the next mission you start. Its bloody annoying.Theres great voice acting and the world is pleasantly varied. However, the game seems to constantly strive to interfere with your enjoyment of those things.I wish Steam had a meh button, as this is what this game is, but lacking that choice, Im going with a No for recommendation. 