GTA V singleplayer was amazing. Its only logical that when they update the game, it updates both the SP and Online but hell no. They specificly dont update SP so that people would go play online. Oh and did i mention that Online is a microtransaction hell hole? Well yes. They just keep releasing expensive stuff that you would need to grind for ages to get btw and basically the only real way to get all the new stuff is to buy shark cards spend real money to get ingame money. How bad can it be? one might ask. An average SUPERCAR COSTS 15 EURO!!!! And thats not even the top end supercars....There was a way to experience all the new updates by using mods in singleplayer. All the new files were already in the game so you just needed to activate them in singleplayer using a few harmless mods. Ofcourse because its singleplayer and it doesnt affect other peoples experience you could mod in all kinds of stuff from real life cars to being ironman. GTA Online is full of hackers that ruin the whole gaming experience so i spent most of my time on the game playing singleplayer. Oh and Rockstar has no clue how to fix all the hacking problems. Why? Maybe because they are swimming in money because of all the shark cards or maybe they are innept at maintaining theyre game.It might be both but who knows. Because of these hacking problems people even created alternative multiplayer platforms.All of that is now sadly gone. Gone because they specificly targeted OpenIV mod team that created a mod tool which is the only reason around 7080 of SINGLEPLAYER MODS EVEN WORK. So they basicly butchered the whole modding scene. And they did it because apparently the tool allowed people to hack online.The tool itself does not allow to go online if you have any mods installed. And guess what. ALL THE HACHERS ARE STILL ING THERE!!! !At this point in time GTA V is a huge cash grab thats totaly not worth it because hackers constantly ruin all that you spent your real life money on. Modding which was the only saving grace for people that already bought the game is now destroyed. AND THEY HAVE NO INTENTIONS TO FIX IT!So please be sensible and DONT BUY THIS GAME PLEASE 