So, April 2015 was the hottest month by playing the hits and the hit of the hits is of course the release of GTA 5. Yes, the highly anticipated game delayed for two years, finally appeared on the PC. Such joy I wanted in the beginning to skip and not play. Whats good, I thought, but the intrigue, the universal passion and desire to please subscribers on YouTube won up and I still downloaded this game. It downloaded, because the money the developers is complete and add not want, and besides the price it is not low. With your permission, about marketing the game with the buyers in 2013 I will not tell, and will go to the game.The developers tried to protect the game from piracy, but piracy on the Chinese coast took over and from China came to us tablet for GTA V, which many have used. Tablets minus one onlineBeck is not available, but we, lovers of the storyeven criminal for online fun not fighting. Little tough to launch, then save the gameplay, I started this game. Well, what I saw will talk about later.And I think many people ask this question why did I write that the game is just awful Is that bad? you will ask. But honestly great and no horror. From what the developers have done a terribly great job and made an awfully beautiful game. All beauties I saw, as my graphics card was not ready for such loads, but still I liked the huge world of Los Santos, a new and unrecognizable prototype of Los Angeles. Now really this can be called the prototype of Los Angeles. It was also interesting to go back to grove Street and see how everything has changed, but everything has changed and it was like a real street in Los AngelesAnd who developed this game and published it? Yes all the same Rockstar with its many studios, but there are changes that really in my opinion a good influence on the game as a whole. President Rockstar Norththe game developers was Leslie Benzis, formerly known as the writer of the game GTA. Well, the publishers of the game Rockstar Games is headed by the same Sam Houser. In General, well done Rockstar and Leslie Benzis separately. Now lets deal with the plot/advantages/disadvantages.The plotTo tell where someone went and what I found will not. It all starts in the style of Rockstar robbery, violence, shooting, but he turned out OK thats a nasty fact. There are three that up to a certain time each other did not know, but then he met and events have forced one of them to come out of retirement, that is, to Rob and to draw there the other two. Well I will say the names, but it turns out not the complete story of the Street Kent Franklin, a former thief, and now resting in Beverly hillsanalogue of course Michael and the other a former thief, a crazed psychopath Trevor. All three in the photoThink of persons you understand who is crazy and who a street kid.Stupidity and too enthusiastic can lead to serious... very serious debt and your choices you are very screwed up and cool boss requires a couple of million dollarsseveral tens of millions rubles. Where you will take? Borrow from everyone you know too little, and the loan is so big can not give. It only remains armed RAID on a Bank or something where the money is. Dangerous? Yes, but fate was framed, and has been forced and I had to go so slippery slope on steep ice. You may be surprised, but I realized these twoYes the first time there was only two and even supported them. And the whole Rockstar managed to make a good story with wellfounded actions of the main characters.For a while we are forced to leave the great city after the first robbery and is introduced to a third character named Trevor. To say that Mike believes Trevors dead, and especially Trevor believes Michael to be dead since the beginning of the game, it is as if to kill. In General, many events in the story remains to be seen and Rob willyour reasons and make friends again Trevor and Michael. Not without killing it all will be, but whatever it was, I still think this game is better than GTA 4 in terms of plot, Mara and graphics.Well more about two friends Trevor and Michael will tell Michael doesnt get along with his wife and children than is even possible to sympathise with him, because its really scary not find a common language with children. But later it will be like. Trevor pet Rockstara cruel, lonely, psycho, lives near the city and is afraid of clownsat some points like me. In General, Trevor has invested love and care Rockstar and did a complete scumbag that I cant tell you how many years. The endings in games a few and tell them I will not. Oh, also, we meet several people from GTA 4 and vaguely hear about Niko Belick.Okay more about the plot the plot Oh the plot, I havent seen anything better than this story... Yes, lying of course, the usual story, but there are a couple of interesting points. After the first robbery Michael cling to the old familiar, the FBIFBI and strain of work, but unusual, namely a series of daring robberies and murders in the course. Have three help the feds and do them not always pure intentions. Then... then youll know when you play.Features1 huge world of Los Santos and the surrounding area.2 the Graphics on the wonderful high, but I and what happened to me on medium settings too much. Can evaluate.2 I like the real almost one to one.3 our robberies has detailed instructions and beautiful execution pathsmethods tempting I tell you4 a bunchbunchbunch of little things filling the game apart from the story, which nicely complement it.5 life is now dependent on the ability to do a shootout and a car, and if a strong collision and you can die from, though its hard to pass the game6 you can disable a person, not only to killa big plus for Rockstar7 There is a cool wall where it says Welcome back is pleased, as the wall is adjacent to the Groove, and as they say knife me in the liver, grove street eternal8 Also, the developers have solved the mystery of the disclosure many crimes special servicesrecognition struggling a wrench or current. Now you know how beat readings. And it is also just a horror that under the guise of the security services turned a very serious business!9 Another such invisible plus any part of GTAtrip to AmericaIn General a lot of pluses, and in General almost everything that was not modified in GTA 4 is here modified in part.Consare there any?Yes of course there is! our crazy Trevor Chur too toughunpleasant to watch depravity in GTA was always full, but this part has slipped to the forbidden word. some tasks and actions are immoral of course, but compared to GTA 4 immorality is not enough. very good methods of a robbery, but it should be said that such beauty requires a careful approach and intelligent mind of a man who plans the robbery.in the PC version introduced a firstperson view, but with regard to the machines inside, they are poorly drawn of course In the game there are aliens Sometimes text is just silly. example one of the characters name is Lester cross, but ours have translated it as Lester Cross. I certainly understand that cross is translated as cross, but names that need not be translated.Interesting points1 In  92 during guttowski showdown Carl Johnson rescued a beautiful girl Denise Robinson, and in 2013Yes, the events of GTA 5 occur in 2013, our street guy Franklins aunt Denise, which in my opinion is the same Denise Robinson.2 Carl Johnson in GTA San Andreas voiced by Christopher Bellard, and Franklin Clintona very sonorous namelast name was voiced by his cousin Sean Fontenot. voices of course they are very similar.3 In the game all the characters are copied from the people who voiced them.4 the Mission now takes place on a stars of skill, but its my opinion it was nothing to do.5 of Course the game is not translated in terms of voice, but okay so is 