After spending the Xmas holidays playing the heck out of this game, I give the online experience a solid 8/10. It could be higher if it werent for hackers there is literally been at least one if you are in a server with around 20 people. 2 notable incidents have been a guy putting a ufo skin on my character which impaired my vision and another worse incident where 3 of my top end cars I was about to sell exploded out of nowhere which made me miss out on earning more than 200k. If they had exploded from an orbital cannon then fine, some guy was smart enough to set up The location in time and pay money for it. I would bebut its the game mechanics and its all about risk. Thats the fun of the game. If a modder comes and does his thing it really ruins the experience. Whats worse is that people ask for money ALL the time too if they catch a modder. People like that should just stop playing. The servers themselves through Xmas have been crappy at best however they seem to be more stable now and less laggy. The new doomsday update is honestly incredible, getting a facility took some time but it was really worth it. There are so many cool new vehicles and the new heist are insane and a joy to play. Another issue I would point out is that there are so many noobs who want to do the new heists People who are levelled less than 30. Im telling you, every guy Ive played in a mission who is less than level 30 ALWAYS screws up.Ive met only one guy in the weeks of playing this game who screwed up but actually later just sat in the vehicle and let us kill the bad guys cause we thought it was for the best. Never had a noob who did that. They should of level capped the new heists in my opinion. Noobs are absolutely shocking in this game and are extremely dumb and spoiled. Its not even a stereotype they are really that bad. The best/worst incident was when a guy took a chopper for a heist we were supposed to be inside it too and flew it 6 miles away and didnt bother coming back for us. Of course the enemy choppers blew him up just as we arrived 10 mins later to help him. The mission restarts, he says he is sorry and no one answers for 2 mins. Same guy proceeds to jump out the chopper and waste one of our lives. I like to think he pressed f by accident but it gave me a good laugh. Ive still yet to meet a noob below lvl 30 who hasnt screwed up a missiom by dying twice. Best advice is to get a dedicated 4 man and do regular 5 heists then work your way up to doomsday. No Noobs, no problems. 