I dont write reviews often, but everyones leaving a negative review so I might as well say something. This is gonna be a long one.Disclosure I hardly played singleplayer and I never used mods, but on modsBanning a popular modding tool doesnt get rid of the other tools people might use. It wont magically get rid of older versions of the tool, its not going to get rid of mods people already have, and thus its not going to stop hackers online. Even if, theres nothing stopping some random person from editing the files themselves, especially when some hacks arent dependent on modding tools.Plus, banning mods just hurts the playerbase. Not everyone plays multiplayer, and a lot of people on youtube make GTA singleplayer mod videos.Anyways. I have a ton of problems with this game, so lets begin.First off is how many hackers there are. You can see how much of a problem this is when a popular modding tool is banned, even when in the past, Rockstar has said were fine with singleplayer modding though though to be fair, TakeTwo banned it, with/without Rockstar agreeingYoull join a lobby, do whatever, then suddenly a hacker joins and spawns aon your head and locks all your controls and blows your car up randomly. Then theyll do the same for your friends until you leave, switch lobbies, repeat.Theyll also spawn moneybags for people to pick up, which everyone will because getting money in Online mode is a huge grind Ill get to that later. Plus, if you pick them up, you put yourself at risk of getting falsely banned. Check some other reviews. You get banned for a month and your character is completely reset at worst.Now another problem is money. Its just a huge grind to get a good amount of cash. Ive got over 100 hours and Ive only ever broke a million. Not two million, one million. You might say but thats still a lot of money, isnt it? For singleplayer, yeah, sure. Online? Not really. Anything you want to do with money is level locked or insanely expensive.If you want to get a good amount of money, you need to do heists, which also have some pretty silly requirements too.For example, you almostneed three or four friends, and one of them needs to have a high end apartment, which is incredibly expensive itself, and you need to have a lot of time on your hands and some good skill to get the heists done. Its easy for some incredibly dedicated people to do, but for most others, its just incredibly tedious.In a sandbox game, you just want to mess around without any restrictions. In GTA Online mode, everything is restricted by some degree. Want a cool yacht to hang out on? Better have at least 6,000,000. If Im over 100 hours and Ive only got around 1,000,000, think of how dedicated youll have to be to get a yacht. Thats just one example. Heres another Want a highend apartment to plan heists and get money? Better have a million. Whats that? Oh? Thats all you have? You already have an apartment but its not highend? Too ing bad.If that doesnt really convince you, whats even worse is, Rockstar/TakeTwo absolutely know that getting money is a steep curve in this game. Thats why you can buy the shark cards, which are literally just glorified microtransactions. Its literally part of how I got one mil. If you think about it, singleplayer isnt profitable when people will spend their money on multiplayer, so thats why you need mods to unlock multiplayer content in singleplayer. Thats why there hasnt been a singleplayer DLC, four years after launch. Thats why its still 60, four years after launch. Thats part of why OpenIV, the modding tool, was banned. Because they want people to play multiplayer, where the money is, ironically. More you spend, the betteryou can get in game, its awful.Ive ed too much about online mode, but heres another thing. Its entirely just a huge PVP warzone, at heart. You need pretty broad interests to find something else to do, because theres smaller gamemodes in lobbies you can do, but hardly anyone wants to. Thats one fun aspect of this game, but its something nobody really cares about in my experience.You can be doing whatever in the sandbox mode, but suddenly some  will drive up and bomb you and your friends.You cant really defend yourself at first because stuff like the missile launcher and stickybombs are level locked. You can break into the army base and steal a jet if youre good enough, but thats not going to stop someone from launching a missile at you because they immediately think youre going to destroy them. Even if nobodys actively going out of their way to shoot you, they will eventually. Online mode is just a toxic cesspool.It used to be, the things that posed threats were guys in Zentornos and Insurgents. Now you getlike thisThats a Streamable link, in case Steam filters it. Its a video of a guy on a motorbike lookin thing, but then it suddenly flies into the air and turns around and it shoots a helicopter with a missile. Iflike that can happen online, it can happen to you. Look up gtav oppressor and youll see. Its just ing ridiculous. I havent actually seen it in game, to be fair, but from that alone, I already dont like it.Look at the people ing in the comments, if you dont believe my experience with this gameI will say this, though. The singleplayer is really fun. I like the characters, the missions are much more interesting compared to multiplayer, and nothing really holds you back. You dont have to worry about some  flying around or some guy driving with stickybombs. You can fail a mission without everyone in the lobby yelling at you and it doesnt take so long to restart.Playing in the custom gamemode lobbies is fun, too.This is all mostly from my own experience, so it can be different for other people.Buy it at a discount, if you like singleplayer. Multiplayer can be fun sometimes, with friends, but its mostly very unfriendly, and its a huge grind to do anything seriously fun.