Wow, I just noticed I am nearing 800 hours in GTAV. I think that calls for a summerized review. Okay, I am sure I am going to take heat here for going against the current trend of negative reviews for this game. That is okay I love speaking my mind, I can handle any criticizm that anyone has. To be frank, no one of us is right or wrong in our reviews. A review or critique is just a matter of opinion anyways, and I am just sharing mine. I respect everyone elses since freedom of speech and personal expression should be a right for every human.Okay having nearly 800 hours played here, I have to definitely recommend GTAV for anyone who is a fan of the series and somehow has not bought it yet or if you are a fan of sandbox/multiplayer games in general. I dont work for Rockstar and am not a fan boy, I happen to have over 30 years of experience as a gamer. I have had the blessing of watching the birth of the gaming industry and watch it become what it is today. I know there is a lot of anger right now toward Take Two and Rockstar over their new stance on modding. My review is based only on the vanilla game. I have never used a mod in the game and I have nothing at all against modding in a singleplayer offline setting. Now the single player mode while good, to me the story in no way compares to the depth of GTAIV. I like all of the characters  especially Tevor, but not receiving any additional DLC for the story mode like in the previous games leaves me wanting more.Now where GTAV falters a bit in the story mode, the online mode more than makes up for it. I am fortunate to have a vast number of good and trustworthy friends to play with in online mode and let me tell you there is no online game on any platform that gives you the play variety of GTAV online. You can race in a huge variety of vehicles, environments, and modes. Do you like shooting? There is such a huge variety of modes where you can team up with your friends or go in an all out deathmatch it will make your head spin. Oh man, I am just getting started! You even have tennis and golf. While simplistic and not perfect, these modes are also a blast to play with friends. The quailty while not perfect, definitely is better than a mediocre stand alone golf/tennis game. Want more? Go play some darts, run some CEO missions, Call some friends to do a challenging prision break heist! There are hours and hours upon missions and events in free mode there is not enough room here to list them all. Suffice to say, there should be something for everyone here. I know I know, a lot of the nice things are expensive in GTAV. I like that. In real life, you have to work hard to earn things like that nice home, or a nice new car. Things earned though effort bring about appreciation and satisfaction. I know this is just a game, but too often now days people look for the easy way out...say money drops on everyone in the session. The modding online was getting to be so ridiclous you could spawn in a public session and get modded instantly. Modding people that dont want it is wrong and unfair not to mention cheating in a PvP environment gives you a fake sense of satisfaction if you win. They may have went a bit far when they banned mods in the offline mode but something had to be done to restore the original playing experience the game was intended to provide online. That is final thought on GTAV. Knowing every weekend I get to do 100s of different events with my friends makes me feel satisfied I bought this game. It is a must buy, but wait for a sale. The price of 59.99 USD is way to high for a 2 year old game.