Single player story mode is crap. Vice City and San Andreas had far more impactful stories at the time they came out.Online is another beast. Ill start off by saying that 75 of my hours logged in this game were most likely spent sitting at a loading screen. Not only are the loads long, but frequent. Youll get an invite to a heist, accept the invite, get brought to a loading screen only for it to tell you that the group is full, another loading screen for ages, respawn in some random spot in the world so if you were doing something, you have to backtrack.The original heists started off great, ended up a painful grind. The Prison Break is actually a really great heist, but its quite difficult compared to the rest, in my opinion, and its the first big heist you get to play. So you often have a lot of inexperienced players trying to do this and it is ashow.The CEO and biker updates were the last I played for before going on hiatus. Both were quite unrealistic grinds for chump change that, at any point during a sale, could all get blown to smithereens, leaving you with ZILCH. All it takes is one  with some rockets to ruin solid manhours of work. Its incredible how long it takes to fill a small warehouse compared to how easily it can be destroyed, top that off with the fact that it pays out a very pathetic amount of cash. The amount of cash payout in this game is ridiculously low compared to how much all the content costs.I dont have enough money to start any of the new content myself, so I basically have to wander aimlessly around free roam until I get an invite from someone. It isnt very often.What pisses me off the most, and this isnt exclusive to GTAO, is the constant ingame nagging to buy I think this is happening more after the Doomsday update. I just came back after a few months of not playing. I constantly get bombarded with calls from the various NPCs telling me to buy a hangar, buy a facility, buy this, buy that. Im like YO CHILL ITS LIKE A MILLION AT LEAST FOR EACH. Im sitting here like grinding my way past 200k. They never stop calling. And when you do finally buy a place, youll still get annoyingcalls from these buffoons about something or other. But bottom line it needs to not be in the game. I prefer hey cousin lets go bowling any day over this I get it, yall need your money, but too many games these days are heavily incentivizing buyingfrom the ingame store, till I feel like they become more like a dressing room sim than an actual game.Hackers in this game are . Sometimes you get a tasteful one. Most of the time its just annoying and not entertaining.R doesnt know what its doing regarding correcting hacking issues. Both my friend and I were hacked money in free roam on separate occasions. We both log in one day and see a message saying our ingame balances have been adjusted. They ended up taking back more than the money that was hacked and left me with 20k. My friend logged in to MORE money. Get yourtogether FFS.Overall, if youre a GTA fan, you may as well play the game just to say you have. But I wouldnt declare GTAV a pivotal release in gaming history. The music is straight until youve heard it for the 80 billionth time. Lots of good tracks though. Gotta give it up to GTA games for influencing my musical tastes over the years. 