I played AC since AC 1 until Syndicate and I pretty like AC game, but I must admit, still kinda disappointed with ACIII and Unity with all the things in there. But ACO is quite good. The team really try to make the best of it, since they prepared it almost like 2 years maybe?There are some things I like about ACO1. Graphic/Architecture DesignThey really design the world of ACO really good and I really enjoy myself climbing to the top of the highest point in the area just to look at the view. Really amazing2. SenuI think I like her the most. She is the origin of Eagle Vision. Just love how to use Follow Road and use Senu to explore the Egypt with her 33. Combat SystemIt is maybe even harder than other AC games, where you can be the God of streetfight and fight a 100 men, but in ACO, you will face great troubles when fighting too much at a time. Even Hyena can be a bunch of troubles if you are not careful. But I really enjoy the combat system and it feels a little realistic, but not too realistic you can still live even you got stabbed by a spear?? Really?4. ResourcesIf you played other AC games, resources like money, crafting ingridients, etc will be too easy to get and theres no point of searching for it. You wont get the feelings when doing that. But in ACO, you will get the feelings like you are in a scavenger hunt. It is really nice to hunt for the crafting ingridients and doing some stuff to get some money for your upgrade.5. PhotosWell, with all the great scenery of Egypt, now you can save your favorite one for you with this mode6. OptimizationWhen I first preorder ACO, the biggest fear of mine is about optimization because the last experience with Unity and some other games is so bad. And also, I watched a lot of gameplay of ACO before it released and seen the great scenery of Egypt and thought of myself My PC couldnt handle this game if it isnt optimized But when I played ACO, the game is welloptimized and I can still use a very high settings on my mediumlevel PC. The team really put a great effort and thoughts to optimize this game.There are some things I dont like about ACO too1. StoryWell, because ACO is about the Origin of Assassin, I kinda expected more of course. Because when playing AC2, BF, Rogue, I really stirred into the game with the story. But ACO story is not a total bust. I just expected to be more stirring than the others.2. MusicWell, if you compared other AC with ACO, you will get the idea. The music isnt really great like the othersOverall, the game is great and I really love it. The creator team really put a great effort in making this game not a total bust. Really want to see another AC series that is not ed up like this again