Assassins Creed Origins, the game to celebrate 10 years of the Assassins Creed franchise. AC1 was an amazing game, followed by some of the greatest entries such as AC2 and Brotherhood, Revelations and AC3 were great, but then the series started to lose its quality, Black Flag ended up being more of a pirates of the caribbean game, AC Rogue was a bit more like Assassins Creed, but far too short and not really important... AC Unity was just a pile ofand Syndicate wasnt exactly an improvement. After Syndicate, Ubisoft decided to work on the next AC game for 2 years. We had an Ezio trilogy remaster in 2016 which was the 3 games ported to PS4/Xbox One with... vibrant colours. Definitely the remaster we deserved... After that, we got an AC movie January of this year which was... alsoand left people with not much hope for the AC franchise at all. So does Origins do what Unity and Syndicate couldnt, which is finally bring a decent AC game to the next gen well... current gen now platforms and actually have the same quality of the original 5 AC games? lets see.So Bayek is our new protagonist. His son Khemu was murdered and now Bayek hunts for the people responsible for his sons death, after hunting the people he thought were responsible, it seems there are more people involved than he thought there were. So he meets up with his wife Aya who is working for Cleopatra, Cleopatra then sends Bayek and Aya to kill more targets standing in the way of Cleopatra and those responsible for Khemus death. From there on... you just sort of go around killing people like you would in any AC game, although this isnt like you learn more from each villain every time... its kinda more like AC1. Youre told to kill someone, you kill them then get a new list of names. So it can get redundant, but at least its not like AC1 where you only have 3 cities to go to. After killing the targets, Cleopatra forms an alliance with Julius Caesar, who then decide to basically backstab you, take over Egypt and just sort of leave you to do your own by then, you find out Julius guard, Flavius was responsible for Khemus death. After Bayek kills Flavius, him and Aya abandon their old life as husband and wife and seperate to create a new creed which will later be known as the Assassins, as for now, its called the hidden ones. I quite like how thats executed, because for those of you who didnt know, Aya is actually Amunet, you can find her statue in Assassins Creed 2 and Brotherhood. Even though Bayek is the main protagonist, Aya really feels more like the proper assassin here. Im guessing they didnt wanna advertise it as just Aya though because look at the backlash of Liberation and Syndicate. Aya, kills Caesar and then the games just sort of ends. However, it does have a nice little cutscene tying into AC1/2. Its made clear that there is now a new creed, and the whole missing ring finger... is just sort of a trend that they have, which is odd but oh well at least we know why Altair and every assassin in AC1 had it. But this game actually tries to act like a prequel to AC1, which it is. You only have 1 hidden blade in the game, no one knows what the apple of eden is even though you have it throughout 90 of the game and also at one point, Bayek hides the apple in Alexandria, explaining how the Templars in AC2 say they had retrieved the apple from Alexandria. I also like how theres no Templars in the game, Assassins and Templars never existed until the 3rd crusade, which is when AC1 takes place. So its good to know they actually care about continuity and being historically accurate. But what do I think of the story... well, its simple, dark, exactly what I wanted from an AC game, Bayek and Aya are dark yet funny characters, they have their happy, fun moments but its not 24/7 unlike every AC protagonist since Black Flag. The villains... while not memorable, are way better than Robbie Rotten in AC Syndicate or that Laurence guy in Black Flag. As for the modern day... errr... girl named Layla, her friend dies, she meets William Miles who we havent seen since AC3 aaand then done. Ubisoft need to get their act together for the modern day, it used to be the most interesting part in AC1  AC3.When I heard the gameplay would be like the Witcher and other RPG games... I was kinda worried, I didnt want the games mechanics to be changed AGAIN for the 100th time, I just wanted something I could get used to. Luckily, AC Origins does that. Its easy to remember and actually plays better than other AC games. I can easily say this might be the best AC game in terms of gameplay. This is exactly how it should be. Theres no t like Jacob being the fighter and Evie being the stealthy person, none of that You decide how these people are, you can be stealthy with both, fight as both, doesnt matter. Although dont expect too much of Aya as shes sort of playable at the end and even then its 75 cutscene. I really hope the controls are like this for the next game. There is one problem though... to proceed with the main campaign, you need to do side missions... this game loves to bombard you with side missions, which WatchDogs 2 did too, but at least that was optional. With this game? you need to level up to play specific missions or youll have a really difficult ing time completing the mission. So you have to either play side quests and bash the game... or download mods. The game is singleplayer anyway so nobody will care if you do.The graphics are stunning in this game. The textures are amazing, the colours, everything looks great. Even the cities, its like they took the city of Rome from Brotherhood and Damascus/Jerusalem from AC1 and put it into 1 map. Also there are parts of the world that look like the kingdom from AC1 except nowhere near as boring. The game really wants you to explore, and not all the of the places in the map are used for the story.The music... oh god, the music in Assassins Creed Rogue, Unity and Syndicate was but finally it sounds ing amazing. Theres slight ambient music when you wander through Egypt, which is nice but nowhere near the level of Brotherhood or AC2s soundtrack. But this game really mixes the different soundtracks, you hear things which will remind you of AC1, things like AC2 or even Black Flag at times. But... Im sick of that damn Ezios family theme. It was in AC2, okay. Brotherhood, okay. AC Rogue, Unity and Syndicate... why??? Ezio has nothing to do with the newer AC games. And thats what pisses me off with the Origins soundtrack, I want to like it, it sound unique but then you hear that theme and it just  on the originality of the soundtrack. At the end of the game they play a huge remix of it, which isnt anything special since weve been hearing it since ing 2009. Wheres the love for the AC1 soundtrack? or at the very least Altairs theme from Revelations. It would have been nice if they acknowledged his games a little bit more, since this is... oh yeah, the 10th anniversary celebrating 10 years since AC1 came out. Apart from that, the music in Origins is fantastic.Overall I think Origins has brought a lot more hope to the AC franchise, it brings everything fans loved about the previous games, stealth from AC1, collectibles from AC2, ship battles from AC4 and it really does celebrate the 10th anniversary. It could have been a bit more original with the music, but other than that, if Ubisoft keep making their AC games like this, Assassins Creed will end up being the great franchise it once was, I also wouldnt mind waiting another 2 years for the next AC. Honestly Id like another prequel honestly, a prequel which leads straight into AC1 would be nice. Im still a bit annoyed there was no HD remake of AC1, but tbh I think thats because of the backlash the Ezio collection got. Well done Ubisoft, you actually made an AC game on the level of AC1, 2 and Brotherhood. Congrats.