I played it all the way through, but likely I will not ever play it again.  Im not even taking into account the bugs and lags, because they will be fixed.  My biggest problem with this game is the combat... So boring.  Its not a true AC game in my opinion.  In any other AC game you walk around like a BOSS, countering and killing in such variety where this finishers are plentiful and beautifully choreographed.  In this game you get enough power to be able to make a power move and shove your sword through a target and much of the time it does not even kill them.  Not to mention it is the same power move every time.  No variety, not different angle approaches, no use of the hidden blade in combat.  Nothing that left me thinking, WOW thats a deadly assassin.  Gone is the ability to open hand and kill someone with their own weapon.  I had no desire to even stick to much of the other weapons in the game, mostly because each of them have just the one power move and some of them dont even have a true finisher.  Difficulty settings make no difference because the combat variety is what is missing.  Dodging is soooo bad where you move maybe a foot when a bad guy has a 20 foot strike radius,,, Really?!  The leveling system is sooo dumb, if there is an opponent who is like 5 or 6 levels ahead of you they have a skull icon and they can basically instakill you.  I have always taken that as  challenge and one of these characters I aerial assassinatedI use that term loosely in this game because it is obviously not an assassination game with my hidden blade over 20 times before he died.... 20 TIMES!  all the while I was lighting him on fire  Seriously, if you were to knife the strongest warrior in real life once, they would be in critical condition.  The charging of the weapon, knocks an opponent on the ground, where is the cool finisher???  Nope, just slash, slash, slash, shield bash...  wash, rinse, repeat  Wow... Soooo impressed. .  not really  Where is the highly deadly, martial arts expert, ninja assassin that I am expecting?  The only cool weapon that was mildly fun was the predator bow, although highly unrealistic, but fun.  They should call this game Boring Combat Creed.  Poison, fire, sleep, blade enhancements all stolen from other games.  I like the AC games because they are different in their combat systems than every other game out there, but not with this game.  It feels like a boring MMO.  It is soo pretty, and such a huge map.  Loved the horse riding, but you used to be able to jump off the horse on full sprint and cling onto a climbing surface... NOPE.  Where is the true sprint, both in character and horse?  NOPE just jog unless you have left the no running zone and then you can go mildly faster kids.  This game has absolutely no replay value to me.  I would have never bought this at full price knowing that they were going to step away from their core combat system and turn it into every other game out there.  I could go on, but if you made it this far it is likely that you know what I am talking about.  I am sadly disappointed as this is easily one of my favorite game series and it pains me to give it such poor marks.  I was so excited to see Steam achievements on this AC because I figured I would love making this a perfect game, but I just dont care to play it that much.  I just wanted to complete the game and be done with it.   4/10