The best thing I can say about this game, is that its definitely a step in the right direction for the series. Ubisoft finally decided to spend more time on one of their games and it seems to have at least paid off.Assassins Creed Origins biggest thing with me is how blatantly they ripped off of other games, namely Witcher. The good thing is though, is that they did it in a fair and practical way, that integrates it in a surprisingly smooth way. They focused more on the combat, which solved one of my biggest issues with the AC series, and thats how easy it is to kill someone. There was way less of a focus on stealth, but when taking on camps that are a higher level than you, its something youll really need to utilize which is a very good thing. The weapon types are fun, and the combat is one which gets much easier once you learn and get better at it  I always felt there were some enemies that would always provide a challenge. Exploration is exciting, varied and rewarding, plus the many different weapon types will make you want more of them. All of this together makes for an overall fun game.The biggest problem with this game, is that for all it tried to copy off of witcher, its biggest fault is its story. The quests are sometimes interesting, but none even come close to the depth that many other RPGs have, let alone witcher. I was never really motivated to do any of the many sidequests that there were unless I needed to level. I cant deny that some of them were somewhat interesting, but even that is bogged down with subpar voice acting. Ultimately as well, the main story is the biggest offender of this. I like how it gave a set of targets, but I hardly felt like I was hunting anything, just following a story that threw me around through many series of cutscenes. When I got closer to the ending I really started to want it to be over already. Without spoiling anything, they took many pivotal historic moments that were integrated into the story, and managed to make them not ceremonious or fun at all, when they absolutely could have. The whole creation of the assassins thing just felt arbitrary and forced. These reasons alone made the main story extremely dissapointing, and like I said, lacking any kind of depth that it really needed to be a huge contender with other games like it.Overall, if you like RPGs, and especially assassins creed, this game is absolutely worth a buy. Otherwise I would wait for lower prices. 