Im very bad at writing a review, so Ill just point out pros/cons facts about the gameProsStunning scenery I have probably never seen a sandbox game with better scenery. Climb a nearby mountain and just look around the entire world! The visibility is pretty much endless, but you need a good PC to enjoy everything on high details.Visuals and details From mere statues to exploring dark tombs using a torch, everything looks awesome. As is usual in AC series, you get a lot of historic information from tombs and papyruses.Long gameplay I think it took me around 40 hours just to complete the main story, although I was doing a lot of sidequests and playing on Nightmare mode. 100 completion took me 66 hours.God mode Finally you dont feel like a god. This is what I always hated on AC games. Unfortunately the combat system is a bit clunky as I will describe it in cons section.ConsQuests There is literally only ONE original quest. The rest is either assassinating some guy, killing a bunch of bandits, eradicating a few beasts, or rescueing someone. The worst thing is that pretty much every quest use the same formula, so there is nothing unexpecting. To top it all, allies cant die, so rescueing missions are a joke. Where are tailing missions? Minigames? Destroying stuff? Quests are simply boring, very similar and disappointing.Things to do The worldmap is huge, yet the variety of actions you can do there is very small. Surely the devs could come up with more things to do than just clearing bandit/Roman camps, opening about million chests and climbing on top of pyramids and other structures.Combat system Finally its pretty much impossible to fight several enemies at once as you will die quickly. Unfortunately this is mainly due to a bit unfair combat mechanics. Some enemies have a really stupid combos that can pretty much instakill you. Shields sometimes work, sometimes not, enemy archers have an insane autoaim and to top it all, you cant heal during combat unless you have weapons with special perks, or if you go hide and wait for a while but you will only recover 1/3 of your health.Progress tracker I have no idea why this AC game have no progress tracker. IIRC, all previous AC games have it.Music The music is not bad, but its quite forgettable and it doesnt really capture the Egyptian atmosphere imho. I miss the music from Jesper Kyd. Im pretty sure Ubisoft could hire many artists that would do a better job than Sarah Schachner anyone remember the soundtracks from Pharaoh or Children of the Nile?Dying There is no penalty for dying, so in some cases its actually faster/better to just let yourself die. You wont even fail a quest. That is a bad gameplay mechanics. 