How can I recommend a game that is so shallow?Its a triple A title, great graphics, writing and and a developed story following previous events in the franchise.  It has all the makings of a good game, except one thing its incredibly boring.Where do I begin?IS IT LIKE BLACK FLAG?That depends.  For me? No, its not even close.  Yes, eventually you will get a boat and be able to fight other boats...but that substanceful combat, whimsical treasure hunting and progressive upgrade system is long gone.  Expect Black Flag V .3MicrotransactionsYes, continue to expect t from developers.  They are a publically traded company afterall, and need to drive quarterly growth.  You will find plenty of items and unlocks that do more and do better than what you get for a lot of dollars.  Enjoy.CombatRemember in past AC titles where the combat was really satisfying?  Dont expect that here.  A huge change to the combat system is ahead of you.  It feels more like a weak attempt to copy the nemesis system from Middlearth than anything else.  Except, it isnt deep or substanceful.  You cant counter.  You cant fight with your hidden blade.  You can choose from a wide array of weapons that have varying abilities, some of which DO counter...but overall, its completely different.  It doesnt feel satisfying, and its too easy.  There is no progression here.  Expect little.GameplayQuests, RPG mechanics, yes!  Except, no.  If you like doing the same things over and over again, with boring writing and voice acting, please proceed to go.  You can save someone now and then, kill people that did some bad stuff, etc.  thats the extent of the quests.  Again, where is the substance?  This isnt like Black Flag, and how it couldve been.OVERALL this is is a shallow triple A title that shouldve been a priced at 49 or b wouldve been great if it was the first in the franchise.  But all of the amazing gameplay we grew to expect from Black Flag has been a continual let down ever since.  This game is no exception.  Any review that says its just like Black Flag....well, either hasnt played Black Flag...or, or...nah, Developers dont game Steam review systems! Get yourtogether Ubisoft.