So after spending a lot time into the game , i will share my experience . First of all this review will have spoilers so if you plan to buy the game DONT READ THIS PLEASE.Lets start with performance  Worse than Unity . Actually , Unity had a lot of bugs but Origins has a lot of drops and will make your CPU running 100 all the time . It is either a way demanding with fake system requirements or poorly optimizedi give it 3/10Story  Story is pretty average. I mean , order of the ancients is just an orgranization filled with psychos that have nothing to do with the Egypt control or something. You just see them doing their own things and you dont get to meet the enemies . In other AC games , before you kill a templar , you can see his story and what lend him there. In origins however , the templars get 1 mission for assassinating them and you dont really understand their character. Also , the orders leader has 0 impact in the story and you see him like 3 times in the game. Aya , Bayeks wife is just a bad character and most of the games characters are forgettable. It is more an exploration simulator rather than an Assassins Creed game . Story gets 56/10 for me. Bayek was an amazing character and knew how to controll himself , i really enjoyed playing as him and it helped me go throught the story.Side quests  Terrible . Most of them were repeatitive as hell , few of them were actually enjoyable and i would love to replay them . 4/10Graphics  Stunning , one of the best looking games ever with lot of details ! 10/10Endgame  And this is my worst vote  2/10 . Endgame is boring as hell , you actually do nothing rather than running around and killing soldiers and syncing . Pretty boring compared to Unity and Syndicate. I was expecting something more for an rpg game like this.Map  Huge but empty. Most of the map is just a dessert with no hidden places or something to do. Just run around . It has stunning views but nothing to do. 6/10Gameplay  I liked it , it was like Dark Souls and Witcher 3 with Assassins Creed . It is pretty enjoyable and i really like the fighting and the killing animations. Assassinations arent something special to be honest , the animations are pretty much the same all the time. Crafting and leveling was good cause it didnt let you to rush the story . Stealth was average but since Bayek was the first assassin i wasnt expecting him to be at Arnos level in terms of stealth. I give it 9/10Eagle Vision  Eagle vision is amazing , you have Senu something like a drone that helps you spot enemies and other things around the map . 10/10The game also has microtransactions what a surprise but they dont force you to buy them in order to complete the game. They are really optional and you can get everything from the store via heka chests. I didnt really mind with them . The game has fantastic legendery weapons will a lot cool stuff attached on them and also it has amazing designs .Overall , i would recommend this game but for me it was overhypped. It is just a game but dont expect anything more and also , make sure you have strong pc to handle it! 