I just finished the game, and it is far and away the best Assassins Creed Game I have played. As a few of the major review outlets have already pointed out, there is much greater depth to the gameplay than in previous entries, and Im fairly certain that a significant chunk of that extra year of development time was spent by the devs playing The Witcher 3 to see how an action RPG is done. Im not saying that ACO is an RPG, but it certainly feels more like one than any of the previous games.Egypt is gorgeous, Bayek is relatable, and the world is full of loreenriching secrets that made me excited every time I saw a question mark on the map with a distinct golden tint. The side quests were typically welldesigned multistage endeavors that made playing the role of Egypts Medjay feel meaningful, as well as making the world feel very much alive. The main campaign is good, even great at times. Without giving anything away, the ending didnt have the positively hollow feeling that Syndicates did, and more importantly, it felt earned.The new gear system was appreciated in that it was fun and balanced, as opposed to the needlessly convoluted system of Unity and the overlystreamlined but by no means bad gear system of Syndicate. I actually liked that outfits were purely cosmetic with outfit upgrades existing as a separate crafting system applied to Bayek rather than to individual outfits. My only real gripe about the leveling system is that given the sheer amount of content in the game, the cap should have been higher. That said, you can keep unlocking ability points even after reaching the max level, and based on the number of abilities I never wound up unlocking, it seems like the ability tree was meant to be crafted based on preferred play style instead of being maxed out to the point where Bayek just becomes OP.Performancewise, the game runs just fine at high settings on a GTX 1060 with an i7 6700HQ and 16GB of DDR4. By just fine, I mean that it never quite gets to a stable 60 fps, so I just locked it to 45 and enjoyed the game. Ill note that while 60 is always preferred, Ill take 45 FPS on a 4K screen at 60 resolution scaling. It still looked great, and all frame rates above 30 fps are above the floor of remotely enjoyable frame rates in video games as far as Im concerned. But thats just me.Might as well just add that this game did not murder my CPU. Optimization could have been a bit better, but Ill wait and see how things are several patches from now before giving a final verdict on that front.Overall, this was an incredibly ambitious and thoroughly refreshing instance of an Assassins Creed game, and I hope future entries in the series are more like Origins.9/10 