I have to start this review by saying that I did preorder this game and I have seen it in its raw state.Also, I upgraded my specs while playing this game, so I can say a bunch about the performance on different levels.First of all The Story.The story starts off simple You are Bayak and your son got killed by some cult and you are out to get them. You are a Medjay please dont ask me what exactly that is since it is only explained once in the beginning I think, at least and then never again.You just hear people remind you that every chance they get.But, you are out to seek revenge in those that murdered your son. Together with your wife Aya.You experience this Story in the Animus, like it is common in AC games.Speaking of Aya, a heads up You do get to play as her in the Story as well, she even has her own little chapter if you find her DNA in the cave.Its nice to change between two characters though, even if it only happens 2 or 3 times.GamePlayFinallyyou get to do what you want. The game narrates you for around an hour in the beginning, showing you some basic things, they differ a little from older AC games, but its nice to have it. After that boom, you are free.At least a little. It took me 5 ingame hours of Main  Sidequests to get the. And after that you set out to do your thing.You could basically enter every single disctrict with the lowest level, you just wont get far. But you can.Player freedom is insane in this game.You do not get to choose who to kill obviously, its still a story but you do get to decide a lot. Even if you want to show Mercy or not.Once.One thing thatbothers me is the Parkour in this game. Its never regocnized to be something special, you cant understand the comments unless you speak egyptian, I guess and most people dont even react to it.I love that in other AC games people would comment on it or be somewhat impressed.Bayak can make jumps Ezio would be so damn proud of and he can basically climb anything. Even walls where I am pretty sure he is holding onto nothing.At first this was really bothering me, but after some time you just accept it and it does get pretty useful to climb all kinds of pyramids or castle to infiltrate them whichever way you want to.And to move on to the last part of the gameplayDespite the fact that you can climb anything, it wont do much. Cities are build in ways that you are mostly moving on the ground and actually executing parkour moves ends in you breaking your legs most of the time.And using it as an escape is also no longer an option. Which is quite sad.So I decided to play the game as stealth as I probably could.And it pays offmuch.It changed the entire game experience for me. Sneaking up on enemies, whistling to get their attention, tricking them with arrows, putting them to sleep or poisining them. It all works perfectly.You can combine them, as well. Depends on how you want your character to work.You can also go full Gladiator and only wear heavy blades, staffs and other heavy armor.And before you askyou can fight in two arenas after you finished the mission on them. Side missions, I think.And the Arena is a lot of fun, I am glad they implemented it. You can see your friends best rounds and beating them is actually a fun thing to do. Especially after you beat the game.I have played some more after finishing the story and have notice so many more incredible things. Like for example If you shoot a normal arrow through fire, it will ignite and deal fire damage to enemies or implode barrels. Starting the just released DLC gives new levels, new gear and upgradeables.GearOh boy. You can level your armor, pouches, arrows, by finding materials in the word. You can hunt animals for their trophies and materials or you can boycott enemies who transport materials. When people die they mostly drop loot as well. And almost anywhere in the world are container with loot in them. You cant miss it.You can buy, sell and upgrade weapons and armor at Blacksmiths and buy new armor and clothes.You can also buy new camels  horses from the Farmer in every city and sometimes even way outside one. Its pretty neat, let me tell you that.Every weapon, armor and companion is leveled. Depending on the level, they have certain colors. Blue, Purple, Gold, etc.SkillsThere are plenty, 3 of which you can level infinite amounts of times.. Those 3 are the end of every branch. Arrow, Sword and Tools.You dont have to level them all to get to the end of the branches, in case there is stuff you dont need.This adds to Player Freedom since you are not forced to buy random skills you dont want or need to get to other skills you may want. Plus points here, Ubisoft.The worldOh lord. I am impressed. After I finished the game I still had 4 sections still completely unexplored, I didnt even step foot into it.The world is huge. And there are many different places to visit, explore and just loot. There were times when I just took my trusty golden horse, took on my armor, rode through the desert and explored.There is a photomode included into this game, that lets you take professional screenshots. This way you can see small little photoicons on the world map of Photos other players took. You can also rate them.This is a really amazing feature and sometimes even shows you what awaits you at a certain place./Edit I finally managed to get three more sections explored and I am blown away.But one section, a lonely desert, still creeps me out. You have Satly areas, full on deserts and greenland. Let me put it this way You wont get bored.But just riding through the desert, either fast or slow, looking how the sun goes down and the desert starts cooling off, you just relax. I always experienced the ACGames to be kind of stressfull. You always gotta watch your back.But not in this one. Sure, there are alot of insane moments and fights, but there are so many ways to escape all of this.I really enjoyed just being free.What is also nice to mention is your alltime companion. Your eagle. Senu.You can take control of it and fly around the world freely. You can fly pretty far away from your character from what I have tested so far and he can help you spot enemies, loot and secret paths.You can also skill him to distract enemies and everytime you do a leap of faith his perception gets increased. Neat.Last but not leastPerformance.On my old setup AMD Fx 8320 16GB DDR3 RAM it ran like crap. 20 frames on low in the city, up to 60 outside, but it stuttered.New setup AMD Ryzen 5 1600X 16GB DDR4 3200Mhz same GPU as before 70 frames wherever I go, whatever I do, no matter how many corpses, AI, it doesnt matter. All on highVery high.At first you need to be patient with the game. You need to let it grow on you, get used to its ways. But once you got the hidden blade Took me 5 hours with sidequests, you are good to go. The game doesnt direct you anymore, it just watches you unfold  play. You have so muhc freedom to do what you want. There are no timers, no need to do this and that. You can take your time, get to know the world.And even after you finished the game its all still there for you to explore. Its incredible.Of course there are parts in this game that annoyed me repetetive sea missions but I can see over this for once.The game is not perfect, but it is a lot of fun and after 40 hours I have finally finished it.There is still so much for me to explore and do and I will.If you want to play the origin story of Assassins creed, with almost complete player freedom, here you go.This is your chance. 