SpoilersAt the end of the game, you are forced to assassinate Caesar, who is portrayed as an evil tyrant, and ally with the treacherous cowards Brutus and Cassius who are portrayed as heroes.In truth, Caesar was a champion of the people. Brutus and Cassius did not fight for freedom as the game implies. They killed Caesar because they wanted power of their own, and the only way they knew how to get it was to ride on the back of a great man and then literally stab him in the back, betraying everything he built. Before his death in the senate chambers, the game shows Caesar boasting about his divinity and saying he is a god, even though Caesar never thought of himself as a god. It then shows Brutus condemning Caesar for this, even though after Caesars death, Brutus put his face on Roman currency which was previously an honor reserved to gods and the deceased.Thankfully, in real history, Brutus and the rest of the corrupted senate were put down by Caesars adopted son, which makes the ending to origins be even more nonsensical because it ends up being entirely pointless. They kill a tyrant in order to restorefreedom, yet  Rome forms into an empire anyway? The game was right to show Ptolemy and Pompey as villains, yet putting Brutus and Cassius on a high pedestal is blatantly hypocritical and incredibly stupid.Aside from its inaccurate portrayal of many historical characters, Origins struggles with morality as well. The game constantly lectures the player on a whole slew of subjects, none of which it seems to be able to make its own mind up on as they are constantly contradicted throughout the game. One minute, youll be playing a quest that lectures you on greed and the sanctity of the deceased, then five minutes later youll be sacking an ancient tomb for loot. Theres a small quest chain where you kill Roman soldiers for hunting animals, even though youve hunted hundreds of animals at that point. Once you finish that quest, theres literally a quest right next to it where you rescue a Roman hunter whos being attacked by lions, 30 SECONDS after you slaughtered dozens of hunters for the same thing! There also is not a single point where you can make a decision about anything anywhere. Not in the main quest, not in any of the side quests, not anywhere. The whole game forces you down a linear path of skewed morality thats so confusing the game itself doesnt even understand it.