Game suffers from issues related to high CPU usage along with multiple layers of DRM that cause the game to tank in areas. Cut scenes dont iniaiate, models are low polygon, base models on second, and then the next they pop in to full texture. All of this happens while running at 60 FPS at 1080p 144Hz. with everything maxed outside of the Resolution mulitplier which is left at 100 putting to 200 runs at 45 FPS.  The game taxes my i56600k at 4.6 ghz liquid cooled cpu at 100. It will take up the entire CPU load  and if you run anything else at teh same time it will make lag. Example Any other title out of Mass Effect Andromeda, when I run it at Max Settings I can play twitch or youtube on my other monitor without any issues. This game will not allow this at all. I can stream any other game to twitch, without a capture card or second PC uploading it, at max settings and have like .05 frame drops.The game suffers from an extra layer of DRM which tanks the performance. I told myself I would never buy another title from this company but I had brain fart and pulled the trigger.Now, I am waiting on ANOTHER patch because the one they put out today didnt resolve any of my issues. I have a support ticket open and they have yet to even respond back.Worst part? I enjoyed what I was able to play and only stopped when I was having quests not start or half way in the middle of one, such as the escort through the Canals in Alexandria, fail in the middle causing me to close the entire game and relaunch. That doesnt always work either. I was finally able to finish that quest today only to have the next one I tried not even let me talk to the NPC. The NPC is a blank model, with no textures. It finally pops in and the quest giver wont intiate.  ALL THIS WHILE RUNNING OVER 60 FPS according to Uplays counter. This was a first for me. A game that runs at high FPS but suffers from these issues.Ive been told on the steam forums it is because I am using a potato CPU, but I have heard from others with a lot more powerful CPUs having the same issues. Funny thing is that I dont have this issue on any other title outside of MEAndromeda, which we all know was a poorly optimized game to start. Also, lowering the settings DOES NOTHING, it doesnt resolve the issue.  I can put it all on the lowest settings and it still eats 100 of my CPU.I know the cause VMProtect.I am wondering when companies are going to realize that taking these steps to stop piracy is not only futile, but it is causing harm to the customer who actually pay for their games. We have studies that show that people who pirate software are the same people who wouldnt buy the product in the first place, even at lower price.This is what causes people to pirate a product. I would be very curious to see how much CPU it would eat if they put out a patch that removed all the DRM. We know they wont, but I can bet you dollars to donuts that it wouldnt take up 100 of my CPU.At this time I cant in good conscience recommend this title to my worst enemy.EDIT Good lord the Ubisoft Fanboys are out in force defending this game. I am not the only one facing this issue and people with Newer and FASTER processors have made the same claims I am making.