Well, what to say about Origins, when probably almost everything is said many times...1. The Egypt setting is fresh and nice to see nowadays.2. Change of fight mechanics is much more challenging than it was in previous games of series and adds freshness to it.3. RPG aspect with all these better or worse weapons in damage amount is also good IMO. Brings kinda a feeling of variety. Still you can choose one weapon, and keep upgrading it to your level or you can try various types.4. Armor being pure cosmetic without any stat bonuses, like bonus to stealth while hunting or sneaking among enemies is not good. The same goes with mounts. Horse or camel, camel or horse. The speed of them is equal... they just look different 5. Ability to loot various pots and bags is nice, but why there are always the same pots, kettles and bags of grain. Ah... trinkets... while all traders buys them at the same price, they are nothing more than a source of money only with different names.6. Tombs. I was looking forward to explore a pyramid I have never been in there really. I explored them all and dont remember any one exceptional. This is all blurred memory... yeah, we have logic physics challenges for moving platforms, but that is all... hidden doors dont impress me anymore.7. Torch and fire. I can light the sources of light with my torch, fire fire arrows, throw torch at enemy, burn ships and etc. Yeah, I like it.8. Poison. Sometimes it feels very OP. Correctly placed one poisoned corpse can poison about half of enemy camp. From other hand I like it very much the option, where poison affect enemies, mounts, civilians, cats, animals. I mean not certain types of enemies, but everyone or almost everyone... children are unaffected9. Arena. Didnt like the race, but fighting seems not bad tho. Kinda was hoping for larger space of arena itself like in Gladiator movie. Arenas in game feels kinda small.There are many minor features, that I like, but lets finish and sum it up.10. A mix of Far cry its presence feels strong animals in cages, crafting with animal parts, Witcher 3 oh just look at these question marks on map, Assasins Creed all these locations in every area with repetative objectives. Actually I was hoping much more for crafting, now its mere an upgrading of your gear.Ok, I have finished the game and I dont wanna play it again from start. Because Ive seen it all and enough. Theres nothing new. But Im looking forward into upcoming history mode. Well se what it will show me when the time comes.With all that said, my advice  dont overspend on gold version or you might stick with legendary bonus items for quite good half of the game while the rest of weapons are simply not good enough and that just makes them another source of income. And enough of legendary weapons can be obtained in game without gold version. Ubisoft made one good point here  everything or almost everything can be obtained in game without infusing real money. Knowing that before I preordered, I would simply bought simplest version and would be happy with it. At least it would made me to look for better weapons... as for now i just sold them all, keeping all legendaries.Thank You for reading. 