I would like to lead out, before the review, with the fact that I am slightly biased in why I love this game. Ubisoft has produced two of the most beautiful openworld games I have ever played with Origins and GR Wildlands. From the grand scale beauty of the map and its design to the small scale details they put in everyday interactions. That said, I will also admit that I am not a fan of the Assassins Creed franchise in general. I adored the original and AC2, but after that it felt like I was playing a whole game to experience small new things like naval combat. This game changes a lot of that.Assassins Creed Origins is probably my 2nd favorite AC game now, behind the original. The nostalgic feeling of being able to slowly walk up behind someone in a crowd and assassinate them with the familiar sounding blade. It brings the good experiences of past titles and the new experience of a huge open world based in the mystical land of ancient Egypt. The setting that they put the timeline in is absolutely spectacular. Playing through the fictional side of history as you meet Ptolymes, Cleopatra, and Caesar. But it finally introduces a story I can at least enjoy. Typically AC has been absolutely awful at telling stories, and that is horrible to see in a single player game. Its truly a spectacular title thus far and I am happy to have taken a chance on it.Now in true Ubisoft fashion, there are a lot of microtransactions. I mean a lot. None of them are required though. They will give you legendary weapons or help you gather materials insanely fast, but they are not a necessity. In fact the gameplays I watched before I purchased the game used literally zero micro transactions and, having bought some myself, I think I prefer the way the game was meant to be played more than rushing anything.Typically when I complain about Ubisoft I also complain about bugs. I have barely experienced any glaring bug issues with this title. The ones I have experienced typically stem from the Chariots, which will literally fly around, and thats weird. But compared to a title of similar build like Ghost Recon Wildlands, it is practically flawless. My playing experience in 30 hours has not been bothered by this at all.Now that I have gotten that bit of my perspective out there, I will list pros and cons like I did with my GR Wildlands review.Pros Amazing world to play in, both large and small scale. Truly a spectacular design. Finally an AC story you can at least enjoy a little bit. Fantastic skill tree that only gets better as your character progresses. Cool interactions with traps/tools and weapons. Fantastic historic period to place the story. Badpet companion for a true hunter 8 Open world interactions, such as mercs roaming around trying to find and kill you, and they are tough. Online interactions of avenging slain assassins for XP or viewing gorgeous photos other players have taken. Weekly missions for sweet loot handed out for free for all players. Wide variety of weapons, mounts badcamels, and attire to suit every players preferred style. Insane amounts of content. Hundreds of places to explore and side quests to complete. Amazingly rendered historical landmarks such as the Pyramids of Giza. Well designed character skill tree that improves from start to finish. Option to get crafting materials for real money to speed up progression, but without withholding access in the real world. A genuine balance for players not looking to buy their progression.Cons Microtransactions for gear that looks the best and weapons that perform the best. Now that said, there are a TON of good weapons through normal progression. Leveling system where bandits two levels higher will rock your world, but same bandits at same level are easily killed. Small bugs still present like War Chariots flying 200m in the air and somehow landing. Having to deal with the animus storyline. Its literally painful to get pulled out after a badBayek mission. Seriously the Animus part sucks even though it has a really cool setting. There will be a lot more gear released to buy than added to the actual game, Im sure. The cost to upgrade weapons to your level. Youll find something you love and leave it behind until you farm enough animals to pay the insane fees. Calling your mount gives you Nam flashbacks from Witcher 3.Neutral Materials and Gold could be slightly easier to get, but they wont because they sell them. Its well balanced, but you have to be smart and not splurge. The ending. Side Quests do a little too much time sinking with the back and forth. Completing one thing adds another. Go collect another body. Go clear another nest. The games is HUGE enough if you want to 100 it. Time sink not required.Allinall, if you are on the fence about buying this game, I would 100 recommend that you do. If you enjoy the open world experiences in games, no one is doing them better than Ubisoft right now. The attention to detail is matched by none. At the time of writing this review, the game is also virtually bug free for an Ubisoft title which only makes the experience that much better. The general concerns of for the AC titles of the story was really bland and the game was too short are thrown out the window with this title. Theyve made something genuinely special here and I think a lot of people will contrinue to love this game for a long time. 