I wanna start this off by saying I am huge fan of the AC series and I have played and beaten all of the Assassins creeds games, some of them multiple times. I was worried that they were changing up their bread and butter format for games but all of the changes added into origins make the game much more enjoyable and challenging.Minimap and Eagle VisionIn the other Ac games it was very easy to just pop out of cover for a second lure a guy over and then kill him it was generally very forgiveable to being seen by enemies which doesnt really make sense in a lot of situations. There was also a minimap which made it easy to rout all the enemies systematically because you knew where they were at with the minimap and eagle vision.Assassins creed origins got rid of the minimap feature and replaced it with a typical skyrim and fallout type inidcator bar at the type showing nearby quests and areas. This makes the game much more interesting and challenging for a stealth game because you cannot see all the enemies on your minimap. They also changed eagle vision from a button that shows all enemies through walls and targets to an actual eagle lining up with AC lore. So you can scout out targets and mark enemies using your eagle  which feels much more realistic and rewards calculated stealthy movement. They also added a leveling system to the combat making the game more challenging throughout and revitalizes the combat from the tradtional parry kill staleness AC is known for. In the other games I never worried too much about agroing 10 guards for most missions because I knew I could just parry and kill them all if I needed to but for origins you need to minimize the amount of enemies agroed to be successful in the game because of the huge revamp of the combat system in this game.CombatThe different melee and bow combat is very rewarding and very fun to use and rewards good mechanics and gameplay. I had always preferred melee weapons in the other AC games other than occassionally using my pistols to instakill enemies in tough spots. but in origins I find myself constantly using the bow to headshot isolated enemies and targets. The different types of bows are very fun to experiment with. The horse combat is very intuitive and realistic and can be very fun to hunt and fight from horseback in the right situationMap and ExploringOne of my favorite parts of the Assassins creed game is the environment and historical world created by ubisoft to take you back in time and explore the cities and culture of that time. AC Origins and egypt is by far the biggest map and area to explore in the entire series and doesnt suffer from some of the reused textures and staleness some of the previous games had with reusing houses, character models, voice lines, and using pointless collectibles to fill the map. All of the map I have explored so far has been fresh, interesting and beatutiful constantly pushing me to explore more. The mounts have differing speeds and uses. The horses are fasters and better for combat and the camels are better for exploring and climbing rougher terrain. There is an amazing follow the road feature where the mount follows the road to your next objective or marker on the map making travel much more enjoyable and fun. While the horse is going to your next objective you can use the eagle vision to scout the area ahead and look for loot and mark enemies and targets while your horse brings you to the marker.StoryNo spoilers but the story is very compelling and sticks to normal AC norms of making you truly feel a part of the character and constantly keeps you on your toes.TLDR No minimap, different eagle vision, revitalized combat, amazing map and travel features, stop reading this go buy the game and explore ancient egypt.RememberNothing is true.Everything is permitted.