Im trying really, really hard to love this game, but I just cant. Despite absolutely loving the first ten hours or so, the more I play it the more annoyed I get. Heres why.The setting and main story are boring. They had 3000 years of Egyptian history to pick from and they gave us the least interesting choice possible. I sure hope you like Romans, Greeks and the same Cleopatra/Caesar story youve heard a million times, cause thats all youre gonna get. Egyptians? Not really. The civil war story is short with no build up and the historical characters are decidedly unhistorical and very unengaging. Ptolemy and Pompey are both on screen for probably less than two minutes total, and neither get any development. Caesar is the least Caesar Ive ever seen, and the main bad guy comes out of nowhere and is completely unengaging. The Assassin/Templar story has never been more unwelcome and uninteresting.Cleopatra is the only decent NPC in the game.On top of all that the terrible modern day sections are back in full force.That said, Bayek is a great character and his vengeance story is excellent. Aya is also pretty good, but she gets derailed by being so heavily involved in the mess of the main story. If they had focussed on the vengeance quest and exploring the beautiful open world they created, and had they relegated Caesar story to a fun background element, it would have been much better.The gameplay itself is clunky and not very fun. Bayek feels very awkward to control both in and out of combat. The climbing is very stiff and the free running element is almost nonexistent. The only real tactic enemies use is to stun Bayek and go to town on him, so almost every time your best off just sniping them with a bow and avoiding the tedious combat all together. At least in previous titles the dodge/parry/kill system could almost feel zen and relaxing. This is just annoying.The last little annoyance is their lootbox and timed event systems. This is a full priced AAA exclusively single player game and they still want to nickle and dime you for rare equipment and the only themed costumes in the game, and control the timing and conditions of how you access the content.Get it when its on sale because the historical sandbox really is both beautiful and fun, and if you want some real Ancient Egyptian fun until then go pick up Sphinx and the Cursed Mummy instead. 