50 hours reviewThe game is actually really huge and theres so many things you can do even after completing the main story. Sometimes I think theres just too many things to do, but contrary to other ACs the activities like treasures and bandit camps and other things have some sense to them.The story is good but is not the best in AC, Its kind of deep with personal problems for the character and it unwraps to a larger plot giving birth to the creed, however the actual part where the creed is created is really underwhelming, I was just expecting more to it. In terms of the assassination, it certainly isnt like the first entries in the series where you felt like it was really a target. In this game, most targets feel just like any other soldier you could kill whenever you like, they dont have much background and the quests dont offer much preparation possibilities, I think these quests shouldve been more closed and more customized instead of just putting an NPC in the world and ordering you to kill them which is how it feels.The combat mechanics are really good and for once in the series its really gratifying and sometimes its difficult. The RPG mechanics are not the deepest  and I dont think they add too much to the gameplay but they are welcome whatsoever.The graphics are really good and the technical aspect is well developed and optimized except for the cutscenes, in my case, the cutscenes seem to play like in 15 fps or something, they are just terrible, but while playing the game I can play at Ultra 60fps 1080p without problem. The drawing distance seems really awesome spanning like 10km or more looking at the pharos from the other side of the map is really something.Overall, this game is much more solid and entertaining than the latest 3 or 4th entries in the series, ranking just below AC 2 and AC 2 Brotherhood. The game still has some quirks to it but I cant really wait for the next entry if they keep improving on the formula.Recommended for any fan of the AC series, or anyone that was waiting to come back to the series after feeling dissapointed with the post Black Flag entries.Past reviewOne of the best AC since the first ones. The combat is harder and you have to think more strategically, the graphics are awesome and the story so far is entertaining and intriguing. The world is very compelling and the game isnt bloated with nonsense collectibles and all that. The side quests are more developed than other entries in the series.I had problems at first when it would give be BSOD but it was because my overclock was unstable, as soon as I lowered to 4.4Ghz it started running very smoothly and I havent experienced any problems with it nor does the game tax my CPU beyond 50 load on ultra settings, it rarely goes to 70 load for like 1 second and then goes back. So people should take their setups into account when an issue appears. 