A surprisingly competent turnaround for the series, Ubisoft gave the game an extra year in the oven to make some much needed changes to the series.The RPG mechanics, while admitably being thrown into every genre these days, do massively change major elements of the game. Though Im generally a fan of these changes, I do have some issues with just how they are utilized, and I think Id ultimately have prefered the game to be more RPGlite.Im not going to speak on the usual focus of this series for two reasons. One, if youre looking at this game, theres a good chance youve played previous AC games before. You know how the parkor feels, you know how vast yet somewhat empty the worlds are, you know how the AI can be really clever or really janky at times. Its all here. Likewise, the real world story always splits gamers on whether they absolutely love it and cant get enough, and the other half hates it and just wants to be immeresed as an assassin, a pirate, whatever. Its definitely much more brushed to the side in this game, where theres very little time spent outside of the animus, often you can jump back into the game almost immediately after leaving the animus. I personally find the new protagonist somewhat interesting, and wouldnt mind getting to play as her during some actual proper gameplay segments.On the RPG mechanics, while I actually do enjoy getting loot, and having skill trees I can customize, and even just seeing raw stat numbers go up, I absolutely hate dealing with high level enemies. Dont get me wrong, Im totally okay with having to run from enemies that are too strong for me at times, and I think the challenge is actually a lot of fun. However there is NO reward or difference between killing an enemy that is 10 levels above you, and one that is several levels below you. You get the exact same exp from both, and loot being somewhat uncommon makes matters even worse, since if you do manage to kill an incredibly tough enemy you feel like you wasted your time. The game sorely lacks in exp scaling which I think is a huge missed opportunity.On the actual story inside the game, I just dont find Bayek interesting. Hes incredibly bland and reminds me of Connor. Thankfully I dont actually hate Bayek like I did Connor, I still really dont care for the character, he just feels like generic action protagonist 5001. Aya on the other hand, I absolutely dislike, she comes across as incredibly naive and annoying. I didnt trust her even for the first few hours because I felt like no one could be as dumb as her without trying to put on some kind of act.Despite these issues, with all the changes and the game being a prequel, the game actually feels pretty fresh since Bayek doesnt feel like a typical assassin. The large amount of side quests and dark souls style combat makes the game feel more like someone took an ARPG and added assassins creed movement. Im no longer jumping into a crowd of 50 guards slaughtering them within half a minute. Now Im taking on 23 guards at a time carefully manuevering fighting defensively since any encounter with more than 2 guards can easily be deadly with a few missteps.Though I wouldnt call it game of the year by any means, the game is very enjoyable, and one of my favorite entries into the AC series thus far.