Game of the Year !First off, this game runs fine for me, hell, it runs great actually. I am really not seeing the performance problems others are reporting, and Im only playing it on a I3, GeforceGTX 1050Ti, 16gb ddr3, samsung 850 Pro SSD. Full 1920x1080 res, all settings everything on High settings, and it runs great! Maybe people just need to make their PCs run better in the first place. Running on Windows 7 x64 here, but I keep it pretty lean too, except for Steam and Uplay, pretty much nothing running in the background except for Logitech Gaming Software. No antivirus. Getting like 45 to 55 consistent fps average, which is just fine for me. It runs great!As for the game itself.This game has vastly exceeded my expectations, which were high. The best AC game of the series, by a wide margin.Its open world map is masive, enormous, humongous, Ive been playing it for three days now and only unfogged a little more than half of it, granted I am taking my time, and doing a whole lot of side quests.Side quests. Are better than ever. Almost every single one is unique, with a good deep side story. I have yet to feel bored by side quests for even one minute yet. You can totally just spend hours, and hours and hours, just doing side quests and exploring before ever getting back to your main story quest.Combat. Is so much damn fun its crazy. It can actually be very challenging, which I love. I was franky near flat out bored by the combat in Syndicate, because it was all just super easy, you just slaughtered every enemy in the game without much effort. It is a world of difference here. Higher level enemys not only have more health and deal more damage, they also start using better weapons, ahhh fire arrows archers can really mess you up, and better tactics, ahhh I almost killed him, then he just ran away as fast as he could, regrouped, and came back stronger. I absolutely LOVE all the improvements and changes to the combat system.Combat animations, and NPC animations in general, need to be highlighted as well. Many many times now in my three days playing I have just burst into laughter because in the process of stealing some poor guys boat, I acciently knocked him into the water, totally didnt mean to do that, where he got eatan by an alligator. LOL, damn so sorry about that dude. Or I was hiding on top of a tower and just knocked an enemy climbing up the ladder off the ledge as soon as he was up, ahhhhhhh he screams as he falls then splat, wow, that is SOO satisfying! LOL. And the weapon kill animations when you totally pull off a life ending combo on an enemy, hack, slash, throw him to the ground then drive sword into his back, haaaa that was COOL, totally killed the, poop, out of that guy! Its a different special kill animation for each weapon type too, so its fun to play with all the different weapon types to see how they perform and how they kill, and they all perform very differtently, so it never feels repetitive, youre not seeing the same kill animations over and over. The game does a fantastic job of mixing it up.The best thing about the new leveling and gear system too is that it makes combat never get boring too. Because each kill has the potentional to drop an awesome new weapon. Where as you had maybe 3 or 4 different weapon types in previous AC games, now you have, counts in head, 10, and each one can come with quite a few different weapon benefits, weapon mods basically. Blue quality gear gets one weapon mod bonus, which can be anything from increased critical hit chance, crit damage, make enemys bleed, all kinds of stuff. Purple quality gear gets two, and legendary gear gets two and a third totally separate buff that can do anything from poison your enemys on hit, heal you on hit, make your arrows Always be on fire, or even make your charged up weapon power attack an instant charge. I finally got one of those on a sword, and ohhh its my favorite sword now. The list of mods that any of those bonuses can be is like, at least a dozen different ones.The open world is absolutely gorgeous. More than a few times you will come upon a high up cliff or viewpoint where you can seemingly see for miles, and you will stop to just go wow that is beautiful. It will happen. The lighting and sun affects, all just absolutely gorgeous.You can take ingame photos of the world, or anything in it, at any time, even during combat, with a built in super easy to use photo tool. Take a photo of that gorgeous view, or that bone crushing attack in combat, or of you running for your life away from some giant hippos, lol, or of you crouching down to pet some kitty cats. Anytime, of anything.Very cool feature too, when you take the photos, and are connected online, it will upload them and then place them for viewing onto the world map of every other Origins player also connected online. I wasnt sure how I would like this at first,  wouldnt the map just get filled with a billion photos pretty quickly? It doesnt, they seem to have some process for only placing a few at a time in each area, and even tho I thought that I wouldnt ever even care about looking at the photos other people were taking, to my surprise it really is kind of fun to look over them once in a while and see what people are taking photos of. Some are beautiful, some are funny. Its a little extra feature, but its surprisingly a very nice one.Trys to think of anything else I could say. Think I covered most of it.Absolutely amazing game, best of the series by a wide margin, game of the year. 10/10 