Like so many bigbudget extravaganzas, Assassins Creed Origins is an attempt to perfectly triangulate the three corners of openworld game design environment simulation, storytelling and gameplay.The problem for developers like Ubisoft Montreal, which cleave closely to the ideals of openworldness, is that those three things are in a constant state of tension and opposition. The trick when making these games is to diminish the necessary compromises for each of the three, so that world, story and game come through together, relatively unspoiled.A paradox sits at the center of such an endeavor. If one corner makes a sudden reach toward genuine excellence, it stretches and perverts the triangle.So it is with Assassins Creed Origins, a vibrating world of color and life tied to a serviceable story and an altogether familiar set of gameplay chores. This is a good game, but it is an acute triangle, unequal in its proportions.I climb to the top of a Great Pyramid. Its not easy. If I miss a handhold, I skitter downward, yelling blue murder at my own failure. But once atop the structure, Im rewarded with a view of ancient Egypt, its trees, mountains, monuments, rivers, ruins and villages.THE REVIEW SCENARIOIt is necessary for me to mention that this review is based on the Xbox One X version of Assassins Creed Origins. Ubisoft insisted on only allowing me to play this one version as a condition of playing the game, prerelease. And so Im in the awkward position of critiquing a piece of software made for a console that will not exist as a consumer product for another few weeks.Ubisoft wants us to see the world it has created in the best possible light. But if you are not planning on buying an Xbox One X, you should read this review with the necessary caveats. I have not played this game on any console that you or I actually own.There is red and green and gold here, turquoise, amaranth and pearl shimmering in digital sunlight. Wind skitters over dunes, flamingoes startle over shimmering streams. Trees sway, roads bend, oxen drudge.This is a space of loveliness, a work of art. If you ever wanted to step into the distant past, into a simulation of ancient life, here it is. From marble palaces to mudhut hovels, from dead carcasses to soaring aqueducts, this Assassins Creed overachieves on looks. If aesthetics alone were the reason for a full years delay on the game, its been worth the wait. This is, by far, the bestlooking Assassins Creed ever made. Its one of the most beautiful games Ive ever played.I enjoy being a part of this world, and my enjoyment is no fad. Even after 50 hours of play, Im still finding things that please my senses. I spend a lot of time just trotting around between quests, and Im perfectly happy to do so.Previous Assassins Creed games took place in the late medieval or postRenaissance world. That makes sense for a series so heavily geared toward climbing buildings. Ancient structures were rarely more than four stories high. But this ancient Egypt is both monumental and vertical. It is mountainous, dotted with fortifications and grandeur. There is never a shortage of walls to scale, hillsides to scramble across and rooftops to skedaddle along. And they all look bloody marvelous.