Now that Ive been able to play this game for a good fifty hours Im inclined to say that Ive gotten a good enough understanding as to what this particular Assassins Creed entails and whether or not it is worth your time and money. There is a TLDR located at the bottom for you folks that dont really feel like reading my extensive thoughts about the various topics Ill be discussing down below.A bit of background would be the fact that I used to be a big fan of the Assassins Creed series back during the Ezio timeline, and I played them all the way up to Assassins Creed IV Black Flag. After that I started to lose interest in the series and the reviews that the following few got werent exactly enticing to make me give the franchise another shot. This changed with Assassins Creed Origins however, mostly because of three reasons. The game finally had an interesting setting again Ancient Egypt, but well get into that later. The game was in production for two years, which is quite the achievement considering Ubisoft has been pumping this franchise out every chance they got. And finally, the reviews for the game were actually very positive.These things together led me to believe that the game might actually be worth my time and money and therefore I decided to give the series another shot. A sidenote would be that I recently acquired a new desktop so this seemed like a good game to test out its capabilities.Lets start with the positives, of which there are manyThe setting of the game is wonderful, and a really fresh concept, considering I havent really been able to explore Ancient Egypt in an open world setting before. It really is a fresh start for the series, and I was surprised by the amount of knowledge bombs this game throws at you. Obviously some things can be taken with a grain of salt, but I found myself to be genuinely interested in the different Egyptian Dynasties, the religious concept during the time of Ancient Egypt and the fact that the Hellenistic and Egyptian culture clash influenced the kingdom drastically. The game portrayed these things really well, and it really adds to the atmosphere.Speaking of atmosphere, the graphics in this game are mindblowing. I am a bit of a sucker for huge, detailed open worlds, so I might be a bit biased but damn Ubisoft really nailed the graphics this time around. The Assassins Creed series are always fairly beautiful but Ive never seen anything quite like this. The lighting, weather, population, cities, mountains, pyramids even hallucinations are all portrayed beautifully, and the sense of scale in which they are portrayed is amazing. When I said huge, I really mean insanely large. There is still a good 1/3rd of the world that I havent even encountered yet, and to still be able to amount to such refined detail is aweinspiring.The combat system this time around has changed, and I believe for the better. Though there might be a bit of a debate on whether or not it has taken a good turn, I believe the now more difficult and skillbased combat is a lot more enjoyable than the usual counterattack combo that we are all so familiarized by when speaking about Assassins Creed. It is admittedly a bit less flashy because of this, but there are still lots of gruesome animations which make for fun executions. Because the combat system is overhauled, the variety in different weapon types is also something thats really noticeable during the gameplay. Now you can finally have the feeling that you can choose something that fits your playstyle, rather than just playing the entire game with hidden blades and a weapon just for countering.As mentioned in the previous segment, the difficulty has been adjusted this time around And for the first time ever A difficulty setting! I know, revolutionary and you will find yourself no longer able to blaze through the main story, since the newly added leveling system makes it frankly impossible to rush yourself through enemies that are 5 levels higher than you are, especially on the harder difficulties.Speaking of the story, it has certainly improved a bit, but I find it still lacking in a lot of departments. A lot of characters are forgettable, and many missions feel like a bit of a repeat. The main character, Bayek of Siwa, is likable enough, but he lacks a bit of sass or genuine human personality. You still feel like an errand boy, even though it is now carefully hidden underneath the cloak of you being a Medjay Protector of the people. The few times that you feel emotion is rifled up is when the game revolves around the subject of children, be it his own or just random street beggars. I will say that the side quests have improved immensely this time around. No longer are you just running around collecting a few chests, there are now actual plot movements and motivations behind different minor characters you encounter during side quests, and the lack of variety from previous games side quests has been largerly resolved as well.There are also a few negatives however, and I will address them hereThe loot boxes and microtransactions, yes they are there, no they are not that intrusive. It still needs to be adressed however. Sadly Ubisoft has gone and walked the dark path of microtransactions, but they are not as bad as some might have you believe. The game features a store in which you can buy a few weapons, gathering materials If you are a lazy bum who cant hunt and you can straight up buy Drachmas The money in the game. This is obviously not a good thing, but I would like to state that as far as I know, everything in the store is achievable ingame, with the exception of a few outfit sets that are marked as DLC I believe Currently the Horus and Roman Legionnaire pack, so there is really no need to buy anything in the shop at all. There are loot boxes in game, but they are simply purchaseable with Drachmas, and even though the price might seem high at first, later down the line you can buy them in bulk because money really isnt that hard to come by in an Assassins Creed game.Performance issues. As I stated at the beginning of this review, I recently bought a new pc so I havent had that much issues, but when I still cant get a steady 60fps when Im travelling through crowded cities on not even the highest settings Im playing on very high, not ultra high whilst rocking a GTX 1080 I can expect people with lesser machines having some trouble making this one run perfect. If you can manage with around 40fps however, you should be more than fine, mine never dropped below that, and even medium settings seem to be quite beautiful.Bugs. Even though I personally havent encountered many, there seem to be quite a few people annoyed by some bugs that plague this game. The only thing that happened to me personally, which was admittedly quite frustrating, was that when I was hunting various animals, their bodies would be falling through the game world, making it virtually unable to gather their pelts. This was only a minor nuisance however, and apart from that I havent noticed that much.TLDRThis is a great return to the series, at least for me, I genuinely believe this is a great game. There are some issues, sure, but the overall product is one of exellence, and I think that if you give this one a shot, you will not be disappointed. The setting, graphics, atmosphere and combat system are truly marvelous, and have improved much from the previous games. I for one was hesitant when I bought this game, but now that Ive spend some time with it, I can say that it is worth your while.