Ok, so first off, if you actually have a decent PC system that can play this game, just completely ignore the negative reviews whining about Denuvo. Its not the devs faults if your PC is completely outdated and you didnt bother to look at the recommended PC specifications. If youre complaining about your CPU maxing out and you have a quad core CPU, which is below the minimum requirements to run this game, thats not the devs fault, just your own. That, or you dont clean your PC. Now, for those who actually DO meet the requirements for this game but are speculating about the performance and their experience from playing this game because of the negative reviews, please read this.This game is amazing. By far, one of the best AC games thats been made. the map is HUGE and the landscape is downright breathtaking. The fact that this game comes with the feature to allow you to share in game photos on their servers so other people can see them explains how good the graphics are. Also, the quests and storyline are actually pretty damn good and they keep you engaged to the point where you forget you actually have a life you need to worry about those who have jobs/school lol. Even the side quests dont feel repetitive and actually have meaning to the storyline of this game, which is pretty rare within the AC series. Trust me, youll want to do every little side quest that pops up, because from my time playing them they arent boring in the slightest.As for the new features not seen in the previous AC games, i love the fact that we can actually UTILIZE the egale in game and can really help you plan your approach as far as tackling missions and assassinations.As for the performance, again, if you actually meet the requirements for this game, you wont have any issues. My system runs off of an i7 3770 core using a gtx 1080 not the Ti, the regular one and with every graphical setting set to max, i can run the game at 60fps, which I actually was surprised about at first.This review will be updated from time to time, but as a takehome, if you meet the requirements to play this game, this is a must have game to play as I am already 60 hrs in and Im no where near close to finishing this game. Ignore the negative reviews if all they complain about is CPU overloading when their specs dont even match up to the games minimum requirements 