This is one of the best Assassin Creed game ever made and i give it 9/10. Why not Full point ? Here is some problems. Some of the quests have several parts and a middle part is sometimes clearly taken out. Several weapons can be bought for real money only. If i could get them by solving riddles or quests i would be ok if icould skip that and just buy them, but when i pay full price for a game, i want to have access to ALL the content, without paying more. I have really liked the historical facts in all AC games, buildings, individual and events. about 5 of that is left in this game. Multiplayer have always been a weak part in the AC games, but here is none at all. well, revenge quest for a fallen player you never met or cared about... The main story have very litttle to do with the AC series, you could have also called it Uncharted Origins or Tombraider  Origins with very little changes. You meet many friends and allies along the way, and all will not survive this dangerous period of time  i would have liked some more time with the ones that didnt make it. Now it is just another face that appear and is gone within an hour,  simetimes less time than that. Microtransactions and Denuvo.... really ? spits after getting a bad taste in my mouth  Really expensive game if you want ALL the content.Now to the good parts Very fun game with about 80 hours of varied and interesting gameplay. Beautiful nature and graphics, the people that worked on clothes, weapons, vegetation and especially water have done an amazing job. The water looks very different depending if is close to a city, desert, swamp or very deep. I think no other game have done water this good. Moving, riding, fighting and climbing is very natural and fluid. i play with xbox control. The difficoulty level is very slowly increasing, and i really like that. some might complain that it is to easy even on hard... The photo ability is a nice touch, i have taken more pictures than i dare to admit. The basic version of the game give you a really nice time for a fair price  50 Euros on amazon for well over 50 hours of gameplay, that is fair in my eyes... In the end, recommended game  9/10 