Level up about 4 times, unlock guided arrows with the sniper bow, game over...NegativesI honestly do not understand why this game has so many positive reviews, it is nothing like previous assassins creed games and is honestly quite boring. The new parkour system is worse than previous games without a doubt. There is no running or galloping on horses. You have to wait to get up to speed on the horse which is frustrating considering how large the map is, it would be nice to be able to move around faster because all forms of movement feel slow except for the boats which go mach speed when you put the sail up. The rarity of weapons means very little when you can do daily quests that guarantee a rare or legendary item. At least make the daily quests harder. Legendary items dont feel special in any way, like once you have one it doesnt feel like you earned it or worked hard to get it. With how easy it is to level up its not like you will use any one item for long unless you spend the money to keep upgrading them, which at that point you are better off saving the money and just buying the 3,000 crates that have a random rare or legendary item in them at your level in game currency. I saw a lot of people saying that it was hard to earn money which I disagree with considering there is at least 20 crates that can be looted within 10ft of you at all times. Just hold v and the entire area lights up with little triangles marking loot each of which has 110 coins. It sounds like a little, but just go to a big city like Alexandria and you can sit their for hours looting everything, either that or you can just kill the guard patrols, each captain has a nice chunk of change on them, if you use the guided arrows its easy, you can just kill them pick your arrows up off their bodies and go on to the next all without ever getting off your horse/camel. Getting materials like leather and what not is also pretty easy, when you use Senu your pet eagle to see everything around you just go to a place near the water where animals would be and go at it. The only challenging part of the game is when enemies are a higher level than you which at that point you cant even fight them, you are better off just leaving killing a few enemies your level then coming back and slaughtering them. It is cool that the map is HUGE, but with how repetetive, easy, and boring things are its more annoying then anything.PositivesOne of the few things I do like is the large variety of weapons their is to choose from and how each weapon type has its own unique ability as well as strengths and weaknesses. The story has been good so far but moves a little bit slow especially considering the endless amount of side quests there are.I saw a lot of people complain about the microtransactions, but it does not bother me. I dont even understand why an only single player game has it. If you really want to save time you can buy materials and xp multipliers and stuff but I have felt no need to. The game is easy enough without them. There is exclusive cosmetic items in the cash shop too but I see no point in purchasing a comestic item with real money in a single player game. Normally the point would be to show it off to other people, something you have that they do not. You can buy weapons and mounts too but again there isnt really a point unless you really really want the pretty looking weapons that no one else will see or the flaming horse. But when you get a UNICORN for free from a daily quest that was to kill a couple low level guys then whats the point in any other mount. 