Im one of the people that have loved the Assassins Creed games from the start i say this so you know that if they would have messed one of the games up i would know and be in rage. I loved the altair story and the ezio/desmond story, after Ezio and Desmond died i fell a bit out, have played all games except for AC rouge.This game changes the way you play AC completely , and i have to say i love it, i love the skill tree it makes me feel rewarded for doing side missions. At first i was sceptical of the skill tree but i have to say i really like it. one thing i dont like is the microtransactions you can buy skill tree points and the goddamn season pass, basically any DLC is a disappointment Skill tree gets afrom me.is really great, has a  feel to it, and it makes you really be careful of how you go about things and this also affects the skill tree, if you want to go head first in combat you will most likely end up spending points on combat upgrades same goes with the bow. This new combat system really makes fighting more realistic in other games you were basically an unstoppable god and i repeat myself i really like the new Combat system! It gets afrom metook me by surprise, it is fing massive pardon my french i never expected such a giant map in an AC game! You can climb up every mountain you see go everywhere and it takes ages to travel, personally dont really think its a bad thing because we do get a giant map to play around in, downside is, not every pc can run the game in beautiful settings unless they have a decent computer i run high to ultra at around 5764 fps on average, my pc is pretty good it gets aare great and dont start akwardly, im never afraid of just quiting the game in the middle of the mission and you can always just kinda quit the mission and play others and finish it later, i like this freedom and i felt it was missing in the older games. Sidemissions arent boring af anymore and they also give a story to the land if that makes any sense xD. Downside with the missions, i bet that many will agree with me when i say that the tailing missions are still boring af.I love the trial of the gods events havent actually finished one since i was way to low level and was kind of mid way through the game. As Im writing this I am level 36 and i have to admit i have spent money on the micro transactions and dlc packs, not the season pass though. i Absoulutley hate myself for buying this useless crap.i would give the game a 