With a 6700K and a 980ti at FHD it is running very well for me so far. Wish they focused more on releasing a 100 polished game than a fully functional store though since there are bugs here and there. Specially with sound in my case.Combat seems dumbed down... Im at hard and am not really feeling any challenge... again... more focus on the AI instead of a freaking store system and maybe... just maybe... it would feel better.Regarding the story... I have not felt anything for any character here... I dont expect for games to be mind blowing story wise but at least they used to engage you into the characters story. Here I have just been going around like... meh...Graphically speaking everything looks great. Nothing to say here other than bugs related to some animals that sometimes get into the most awkward positions and that water looks awesome.Skill tree... there are some skills where you can put in indefinite amount of skill points to improve?... oh right... you can buy skill points at the store! I have not actually seen if currency here is the same as in game currency but you can buy said currency with real money.I cant recommend the game from what Ive seen so far, yeah it looks great but overall... meh. It is so sad that you buy a game and now the tendency is for them to keep asking for more money with in game stores. And yes, you are not forced at any point to buy anything so far. Point is AAA games are leaning to just being cash grabbers full of in game mechanics making you think of buying stuff instead of actually being decent games.OK... some comments say to play the game more and the like but after playing more into it I still stand by what I wrote above these lines. The story still has not engaged me in any way.The game has a beautiful open world. But lets face it. Graphics are not everything in a game as much as we may like them. You have enough to do in the world to pass the time but story wise... not engaging at all.I originally wrote this review at 3hrs in. Every memorable game for me has had me engaged in a third of that time. Maybe its bad direction/acting of the scenes that are supposed to make you feel for the characters, maybe its a whole different matter in my case. It is how I feel and I stand by it.So if you want to see a beautiful world get this. If you want to see excellent water physics get this. If you want to be spending time getting materials to improve your gear and the like get this. But if you are expecting a story that engages you in any way or decent enough combat do not get this.As I stated the first time I wrote this review I will continue to play it, I will end it, and if something occurs that makes me change my mind about not recommending it then yes, I will change what I have given this game here to a Yes.