SORRY FOR MY POOR ENGLISH AND POOR GRAMMAR!. PPurchased this game On new year, Was always a fan of assassins Creed Games  so i couldnt miss out on this one. I purchased the gold edition  which came with 2 packs of armor/mount  weapons , Season pass , deluxe edition pack , and the Game itself.The weapons give u a good headstart with legendary weapons  , The armors ... i guess they are based on the taste of each and every person because i like the original Bayek Outfit which kinda matches well with the environment.  The mounts are always welcome for me lol cuz idk why but i love collecting mounts and stuff in any game that allows such collections .Comming to The game itself... The Graphics are awesome , So far what little story i have played , I Loved it. The    way the game has changed from the past assassins creed Surprises me though ... from a  traditional  Assassin game where  the combat mechanics were diffrent  and Not level based ... for Example back in Assassins creed 2 , 3 .. you could venture to almost any area without being killed By guards/ mobs without a fair combat  sometimes outmatched combat also .. this has changed now the entire Egyptian zone is converted into sub zones set for each level .. you could choose to scale up mobs for ur level though  so Basically going to some random sandy desert in early game would just mean that... the mobs require 20000 shots from ur weapon before they die ... and  1 shot from them before BayekYour player Dies.Not saying thats bad... But its a bit diffrent from the previous games.. before synidcate cuz i think i remember seeing levels in syndicate also not 100  sure.Overall  SOme of the best features i Liked1 Cool storyline Atleast till the time i write this review2 Great Visuals3 Many side quests to keep u entertained4  Farming resources  can be set as good as well as bad  in some cases5 Hidden Treasures / Puzzles6  Mounts P / Costumesand some of the things that i didnt like were..1  The removal of old running style confuses me a bit every now and then2 The removal of old  make horse/camel  run , make them gallop  now is push W for some time and they run fast outside city  this was not liked by me ... But feels natural .. so idk what to say as of now thats the only thing i didnt like about the game xDwill update maybe.. or Not idk. PIf u read it till here xD thanks alot was my first review.Sorry again for my bad english and poor grammar.