So, after 30 Hours into the game, I can finally make a review about this game.Rejoice Assassins Creed fans ! Origins is one of the best installment into the series. Never had so much fun in AC after Black Flag. I enjoyed the game to the max. Doing side quests more than the main missions. By this, you can enjoy Egypt as much as you can. I havent finish the game yet but I will keep my review to avoid spoilers. I will add both of the pros and cons of this game as well as other things.PROS  Good storyline Beautiful scenary of Egypt Photo Mode  Huge map Many side quests Can unlock the pre order quest from Ubisoft Club for 40U Many places to visit Got Easter Eggs     Well detailed cities such as Alexandria and Giza Pyramids and The Sphinx at Giza Also Pyramids Tombs and other secretsThey are many Pros actually but I just pick one of my favourite from the game.CONS Too many DRMsWell, this game is already good enough but Ubisoft decided to add 3 DRMs into the game including 1 hidden DRM which is VMProctect. Well, thisis messing with the games performance. My CPU is an Intel 4Th Gen. I always get 100 CPU usage at all time. The proc is kind old but other games works well. Just this game has performance issues. Thatdecreases 20 of the games actual performance. The cause between VMProctect is Denuvo decided to add another layer to their protection which is a stupid move from them. The RPG systemComing from other AC games, this game has a RPG system. Well, this method has already been introduced in AC Unity but it was not that major but to level up very very easy. Just do side missions and exploring would level up you to 40 in no time. Im already at level 32 tho. Weapons GradeNot much tho but weapons in this game has grade from normal to legendary. Legendary weapons are easy to get but the iest is when u get a CURSED legendary weapon. LmaoI think thats the main cons of the game. Its not that many but the DRMs is one of the majors.So yeah, this is a great game and a beautiful game. Never knew that Egypt is so beautiful. Even on Medium settings, Egypt is already beautiful. Its worth your 60. Try getting the Deluxe Edition if can. Gaves you an advantage on starting the game as well as extra missions and other perks. Will get the Season Pass soon once it becomes cheap.So yeah, thats the end of my review. Hoping to see more updates come to the game. YEAHHHH