I was not sure if I want to buy this game or wait for it to be cracked but I went for the purchase eventually.I am not a big fan of the recent AC games, they got repetitive, the story got a bit confusing, the mechanics were the same and the must frustrating thing, ironically, was the fact that way too many time, my character climbed a wall when I didnt want him to, randomly jumped in a weird way off a building, stuff like that. And the combat got super easy, you just counter and oneshot or smoke bomb and oneshot. There was no real sense of progression.ABOUT ORIGINSThe simplest way to describe this game if Witcher, Farcry and AC had a child, this game will be it. And its a pretty healthy and cute kid.The game looks gorgeous and I really enjoy the gameplay aswell. Im not deep into the story but so far I like it. The leveling system gives you a really good sense of progression, the map is big enough, you encounter a lot of different enemy types that require different tacticts and yes, you can still hidden blade one shot people if your blade is good enough, more about that later.COMBATIf you played Witcher or Shadow of Mordor, the combat system will be familiar but with a very big difference. There is no hand holding when it comes to combat. There is not button that flashes when someone is about to hit you, so you can perfectly counter, dodging wont transform you into SSJ3 Goku and you cant hack and slash your way into any base like an invicible god just by smashing the attack button.You know when you fight groups if enemies and you are attacking a dude in front of you and you want to switch to someone in the back thats a bit farther away and your character would make a mini leap right in front of him and start attacking? Witcher and Shadow of Mordor are perfect examples of that mechanic. Thats not happening here though, if you switch targets and the second targer is 0.5 meters away from the edge of your blade, you will hit the air like a dummy.This may a be a deal breaker for some but I personally like it. It gives another dimension to the combat system. You have to actualy position yourself in a good spot, block arrows with your shield, have priority targets, use specific weapons against specific enemies and so on. It makes the combat a bit harder, with a higher learning curve but when you end up learning how to properly fight it feels good to take down multiply enemies not because you are the main character but because you mechanically outplayed them.The combat is also pretty smooth and satisfying. One thing I do not like though is the fact that characters seem to move oddly fast when they charge or when you raise your shield and move around. That may take you off of the emersion but it may be a personal thing idk.Every weapon is different, they have different attack animations, attack speeds, some swords will make your enemies lose balance and expose their back for higher damage while other weapons will straight up hammer them to the ground.You have power up attack which is different for every weapon type and a sort of ultimate ability that charges up when you fight which is also different for every weapon type. This allows you to really make up your own fighting style and its pretty satisfying.When it comes to bows, you again, have multiple types for different situation. You got long bows for long distances that have higher damage but fewer arrows, bows that fire multiple arrows in a row or bows that fire 5 arrows in a single shot for massive damage and so on. They are cool to use plus you can ride your horse/cammel while sitting backwards and fight enemies that are chasing you, like your in the next Fast and Furious Burnout Sand movie.GEAR Do it for the loot!The rpg system really kicks in here and you have a pretty goot looting system. The outfit is cosmetic but you can upgrade your hidding blade for dmg, bow glove for dmg, quiver for more arrow, the other glove for meele dmg, chest thing for health and tool pack for more slots. You upgrade them with resources found all over the map, from killing crocodiles for skin to bandits for wood and other It has a really cool Farcry vibe.You can upgrade low level weapons to your current level at the blacksmith. Weapons have different qualityes, from uncommon to legendary, each level up having more perks  like a legenday mace witch is alwasy on fire and you end up burning down everything around you, fun but maybe not for every situation.GAMEPLAYI wont talk much about the story since Im not that far into it but so far its good. The sidequests however are way better than expected. They are legit witcher level sidequests. They have multiple parts, with multiple types of gameplay, from rescue to straight up assasinations and you also get plot twists and good mini stories. I found myself doing a lot of these not only to level up but also because they are good.Im playin on Hard dificulty and the enemies are actually hard to beat and its a good challenge.The movement got redesigned. Its a whooooole lot more responsive. You always run there is not sprint button which may sound weird but it feels normal and if you want to climb up you press a button, if you want to climb down, you press another. No more aaaah no, no, dont climb that door for no reason, noo why would you jump there, no.. no that way.. If feels responsive and smooth. Its a similar to syndicate but more polished and way better than Shadow of Mordor. One thing that I never liked is how you can make every single jump and you always land perfectly on every single edge while sometimes your character literally flies in a really spiderman way to the next building. In Origins, if a jump looks a bit shaky then most likely you wont make it and thats a good thing. You feel more in control and aware of your surroundings.PERFORMANCEYes, the 100 cpu thing is real. It happend to me in Alexandria. BUT I dropped to 40 fps while playing on ultra.I have a 980ti, i7 4790k and 32ram. The game runs smooth 90 of the time and Im hopping the fps drop will get patched out but for now its not a deal breaker. Im not sure how people with way better PCs than mine are experiencing constant 15fps like I saw in the reviews.OVERALLIf you liked Witcher and previous AC games, you will like this one aswell. I think its a really good direction, it still has that AC vibe but with a richer experience. Im glad I bought it. 