So,here we go , another Assassins Creed game , I was very excited and looking forward to it and I was hoping it will be good and at the end , I can say it was GOOD . Story  So the story .. you kill and then...you kill again and again and again . Welcome in Assasins Creed ! The place where you assasinate peoples and most time just because revenge or justice . Open world  this is a huge  for the whole game,the atmosphere of the ancient egypt feels awesome and there is plenty to do,infinite locations to explore . Side quests  there is a lot of side quests after you finish the main story . I was almost about to say  Too much content   D . Combat  well combat is interesting but very stereotype after a while of playing , but still , its a  because once you get used to it ,you will like it. Resources  do you want to be stronger ? Hunt animals and upgrade your equipment ! D Oh yeah,I can take that. RPG ?  But this is interesting ... RPG players are surely excited even more and I like it too. Graphics  I should shut up since I had to play it on low graphic settings potato computer BUT still I have seen it on ultra settings  it looks epic ! And on low settings its still acceptable Multiplayer elements  there are few things that can connect you with the community of players in the game , also Ubi are releasing special events/quests , so thats pretty nice too. Ingame background music  So i was like Huh,there is something playing in the background! and when I started to listen to it then I also started to like it ,sometimes the music fits totally perfectly into the game atmosphere . No Lootboxes! and all pay2have crap  Oh,wait a minute,there is a lootbox...Heka chest ! But hold on,not for real money ! You can purchase them via ingame money gold or playing daily special quest .Also I am very glad the game isnt only full of commerce for real money...Thank god.I can close my eyes before some little problems , but I still have to add one negative comment because...you will see. It doesnt feel like an Assasins creed game .. Yep , its true , this game should have totally different name,I know this is how the Assasins creed was created , but you will see Assasin elements only at the end of the game and thats all ... A little bit shame .In the end ,  I am still pretty satisfied , thank you Ubi and I hope you planning another AC game ! D