At the beginning I was a bit worried because I had set my hopes extremely high for this game, especially after my experiences in the Syndicate installment, which I found to be a true masterpiece. I really did not want this one to be a bad experience. At the very beginning the controls were a little off, but I know from experience that this is merely a matter of getting used to it, and after some tinkering with the keyboard mapping I got it to a nice and easily playable setup.At the point of writing this review I have a mere twenty hours of playtime, and I am barely passed the beginning in the storyline. But I have seen enough to formulate an opinion worthy a review, and my conclusion is that this is a truly amazing game. I am not disappointed in any way, the longer I play, the better it gets. The more I get to see, the more I want to see. The story grows constantly, just as the playable open world, which is huge, and I mean huge. Maybe not the biggest one ever made, but it is massive. And it is packed with content. Sure, there are always room for more, and could probably be filled with even more content, but as it is I would deem it enough to satisfy anyone who loves intellectual content.This game truly makes me value and enjoy my esoteric and occult schooling and knowledge, as the references in the content is of an extreme amount. If you metaphorically see knowledge as water, then this game is like an ocean. Not only in written content, but in terms of imagery, characters and atmosphere, settings and that which cannot be described.The team behind this game surely knows their stuff far more than I know mine, and one must be either terribly narrowminded, painfully inpatient or viciously ungrateful to not enjoy this game at least a little. I cannot imagine how anyone who considered and decided to buy this game would not like this. Because it is obvious that a lot of work went into this.I bought the Gold edition, and despite being a bit more pricey I personally consider that I have already gotten content worthy that price. Sure, I may be a bit biased as one of my greatest interest and passions are ancient mythology, esoteric teachings and occult knowledge but then again, those are three of the key points and settings in this franchise, so anyone who enjoys it would most likely enjoy this game.As of now I have really only found one bug. Only one. Which is mindboggling considering the size of this creation. Which is that I sometimes get stuck on certain objects while climbing, but every time it happens there is some way to get out of it, whether it is attacking, turning around or moving up or down. So I would call it a semibug.As for the technical part it runs flawlessly on maxed out settings on my ASUS ROG G752VS which is quite powerful although it is a laptop. I experienced some FPSdrops in one of the bigger cities, but at that point I had several other programs running in the background aside from the game. So I would guess that this game is friendly to computers with even less performance.Some of the characters annoys me in terms of their personality, but that is at the same time a receipt of how well written they are, as it comes off as genuine enough to annoy me even though it is a made up fictional character.The voice acting and music is amazing, and it blends perfectly with the atmosphere and setting. I sit down and I play, and then I lose track of time, because there are always something that can be done, and I may even deviate in the middle of something, as I find an object or place which I wish to discover. And as the environment in the game is so immersive you really want to explore every centimeter of every place.That is proof of great design.I am happy and grateful to admit that this game already satisfies and exceeds my expectations, and I will probably finish this thing to its absolute maximum, as the content is amazing.The only thing I miss is the Index which they had in the earlier games I played, but it could also be me who has failed to find it.All in all I wish to express my sincerest appreciation to all the people behind this game, creations like these are what makes my life worth living. It also makes me truly appreciate the thousands of hours I have spent on the studies of ancient symbolism and mythology, as this game puts it into use from an intellectual standpoint.And to you, whoever you might be, who has read my reviewish wondering whether you should buy this game or not. I personally highly recommend it. Whether it is you who love ancient mythology and symbolism, it will satisfy you you who are more the gaming person, who likes going assassin on everyone and everything, feeling like a warrior god, then this will satisfy you or If it is you who enjoyed any of the earlier games in the series, then this will most likely apply to you as well.To me personally it is really hard to dislike this game. It is even very gentle to me who is not a very skilled gamer, but someone who rather more prefers the intellectual content, in this game I feel like I am actually quite good, as the mechanics and settings are easy to learn, and forgiving if you make mistakes.11/10  will birb again 3