Ive been playing/following Assassins Creed since Brotherhood, and, in all honesty, this is the best time Ive had with one in a very long time. Dont get me wrong, all of the previous ones, at least the majority of which Ive played, had something that kept me playing aside from the story. In Brotherhood, I loved trying to recruit specific assassins as Ezio. In Revelations, the new hookblade and the conclusion of the stories for arguably the most important figures in Assassins Creed was enjoyable. In Assassins Creed 3, the hunting, new tools, new combat, and new flow helped keep the game for me. In Black Flag, the expansion of the naval combat and the sea shanties sung by the crew always kept me sailing the high seas. I skipped Rogue and jumped into Unity, where the new more focused singleplayer/coop experience brought in new ideas which were honestly needed. Then comes Syndicate, where I loved zipping around Victorian England, not as a single assassin, but two.For all of these reasons, I stayed around, even despite my focus gradually leaving singleplayer games in favor of multiplayer. However, with the release of Origins, I found myself enjoying the story of Bayek more than any current multiplayer games I play. The new combat is fun and exciting, being equally engaging and needed for the series as the previous combat iterations were all generally the same and became honestly too simplistic and effortless to cut a bloody swath through 50 enemies at a time. The stealth is still the same, but the changes according to which bow to use and the differences between them that improve with certain skills make it more deep despite still being the classic Assassins Creed formula. On top of all this, you consider the fact that were finally Egypt, a location which nearly the entire player community has been begging for since Brotherhood, then its no wonder why the game has brought many back to the series.In short, its a great game with a damn good story, more depth than the previous titles, and a promising return to form for the series.Now, heres hoping that the next game is set in one of the other most begged for time periods. Personally, my heart wants the Old West to show up in a Ubisoft title, but Id be ecstatic if we finally get to run through Feudal Japan as a ninja instead. 