This game is really enjoyable. It is a massive open world and by far the largest AC world we have seen to date. The devs taking some time out from their usual oneyearpumpchurnrepeat style that so many franchises are at fault of, it has really paid off. The game mechanics have had a complete overhaul, there are far less collectibles to get, the game is very story driven and focuses on exploration and of course killing and surprisngly, even though the game is basically desert based in terms of setting, you still get a vast variety of regions to explore containing rivers, lakes, swamps, forrests and of couse lots of desert and mountains. The views are amazing and the graphics are as good as any game out to date. The way you level up and what you need to do to level up with gear etc, it is VERY similar to Witcher 3. This game is a mix of Witcher, AC and Tomb Raider all into one is how I would describe its feel.However, something was missing from it. I think that when playing Assassins Creed games, they are much better suited for huge city environments with incredible details. The game flows more as you have much more options. Black Flag could get away with having relatively small city or town details to explore as it focused a lot on the shipping side of things and sea. In this game, you dont get that option. The shipping side of things which I find just as fun are purely story driven only. So what we are left with is a massive open world game to explore, but not a huge amount of detail. The Witcher 3 or Ghost Recon Wildlands can get away with having vastness because the environments are so different and there is always something going on. In between the towns and cities I dont think there is even a city in the game, there isnt a great deal to do aside from loot locations. I am fine with looting, just not having to travel 1000 miles to get from place to place with not much to do in between and very much the same stuff.Overall its a very good game though and worth buying even at full price. DLC  DEFINITELY wait for that to drop in price! Its poor.