Although the game still isnt properly optimized for the PC platform, Im having a great time playing it. Its very stable, at least in my rig, although CPU usage really is suspiciously high even for a game this complex the most probable culprits are the antipiracy measures, though the publisher will never admit to it.The quests are interesting, though not as handcrafted as the Witchers ones. And there also doesnt seem to be branching paths to the storyline.Now the graphics are really beautiful, I never thought ancient Egypt would have such a breadth of vistas! Though it doesnt run as well as my machine should be capable of running it, I have an almost locked 60fps 1080p experience, with max settings.The gameplay has changed some elements The combat, which is more Soulsesque now, though its much much easier.. But its a nice change from previous versions. Now theres an RPG progression system level up and gain points to choose abilities, and also a loot system in the likes of Diablo normal, rare and legendary items. Theres also the now obligatory crafting, but its used for improving your character only better health, better weapon damage, better long range damage, and more space to hold items, and its well implemented. The free running is GREATLY improved from previous versions. This alone makes the game worth it for me... Traversing the world on foot, on a vehicle or animal, and swimming, all feel very natural. Loot Boxes  the game has its version of a loot box, and has a store where you can buy ingame currency for real money. But I havent been compelled to use the store at all while playing the game. This one really is fairly balanced in this aspect.and lastly, this game is BIG... Im almost 50 hours in and Im about half way yet...If you dont think its worth full price, you should at least consider it during a sale My sytem specsGigabyte Z97XUD5HIntel Core i7 4790G.Skill 16GB 4GBx4 DDR31866Gigabyte GTX 1080 G1 Gaming factory overclocked, super stableRealtek ALC1150 Integrated AudioCorsair AX760 PSUSamsung SSD 850 Pro 1TB System drive and where the game is installed2 x Seagate Barracuda 3TB drives no RAIDOne DVD drive and one BluRay driveWindows 10 Pro x64 Fall Creators UpdateLatest nVidia driver 388.31 CLEAN install using DDU