A bit of my epxeriance with AC fanchise, I played AC 1, 2, Brotherhood, Revalations, and 3.I loved Assassins Creed 13 for the story, fighting, and just generally the game itself and AC2 was my favorite. They were columns to what the fanchise should be but unfortunately this game fell short in my expectations. Here is why compaired to the original gamesThe game just plops you into a story which is already happening with a crash course here is how you play.The running and parkour in Origins is just so simple. There is no oh i cant go there i have to figure out a way to get up. You dont have to think of where to go and plot your route to get to your target. You can just jump up any wall, rock, formation, and up and over you go.Its probably because i havent played in a while but the fighting is just not fluid as the original games were. It doesnt feel right personal opinionThe story is just dull so far and im only in the beginning of the gameThe weapons are on LEVELS?!?!? WHAT?!?! WHY?!!? We got Common, Rare, and Super Rare now? What is this Destiny/Divison/Bordorlands?!?! Come on, i get the crafting and im okish with that but come on. Now its all about grinding to get the best gear, just no...In the start of the game, im sure its just because of the story, there are no assassinations. When you creep up and takedown that is all you are doing, putting the character in a indefinate painful and cringing state. No the character isnt dead, just moaping around in pain from a sharp hit to the neck.....JUDOOOOO CHOP!!! Come on....What happened to the puzzel solving of the game? It feels like it just has been left out, especially with the Eagle in the sky. I get the Pulse to find hidden things, but the eagle in the sky? Its like a modern day drone makes everything WAYYY too easy.In the end, with out of 10 system and 10 being the best, here is how i list this game9/10 Visuals and Graphics5/10 Fighting2/10 Weapons3/10 Animations during cut scenes and Voice acting6/10 Story so far and subject to changeOverall Score  5/10Recoommendation Buy this game only and ONLY if you are playing AC for the first time. Otherwise id say its a letdown for the rest who have played the original games.I will put recommend for new players to the AC Universe only.