Im sad to have to do this, but its going to be a thumbs down for me.Its just not Asassins Creed anymore. With every launch it has been less about the asassinations and more about being transformed to fit into the amorphous blob that is the UBISoft sandbox game.Ill get the pozitives out of the way quick as theres only two. The graphics scenerey is absolutely jawdroppingly gorgeous and the characters. Bayek is not just a wooden plank with a frowny face drawn on it. He exibits emotion, showing both a sensitive, caring side and a violent, revengeseeking side.Everything else is dissapointing, and it all stems from one root cause. Its too video gamey The redesigned leveling system is awful. Are you telling me that just because some dudes floating number is greater than mine, suddenly a knife directly through his windpipe is not going to kill him? This is ludonarrative dissonance in its purest form. Just like in The Division where you could pump a guys skull full of sniper rounds and he wouldnt even flinch because his level is higher than yours. This screams in your face WARNING! THIS IS YOUR HOURLY REMINDER THAT YOU ARE PLAYING A VIDEO GAME The combat is a hot mess Im not sure why they changed it. Instead of dancing around the enemies and countering, you just roll around, hoping for an opening. And the super moves....oh my god the super moves. Yeah Bayek, slow down time by slamming your shield into the ground while you are moving at normal speed and while youre at it, why dont you also move a WOODEN ARROW through the air like it was  a god damn laser guided missle. Its not all bad, this game uses slomo properly sometimes like when you jump off a ledge and shoot with a bow, a slomo is activated. Thats cool af. Makes me think there was one decent guy at the studio and the rest were busy partying like the Wolf on Wall Street. Stealth is laughably over simplified and uninteresting. What ever happened to the people that worked on Assassins Creed 1? Yes, ONE. I remember when you showed up to a city with nothing but your hidden blade, the name of your target and a slap on thefrom your handler wishing you good luck. You had to blend in with the croud, research your target to find out where they reside, plan your infiltration and exfiltration. You could fight, but the spotlight was clearly on the stealth and asassinations. Yes it was a bit repetitive, but nothing that couldnt be fixed.But here? Nah son. Bayek must have been bitten by a radioactive spider because he can just climb clearly flat surfaces. You dont need to plan any routes, see which walls you can climb because you can climb efectively anything. Crowd blending? Hiding in plain sight, right next to your target, just waiting for a chance? Nah son, from now on, you are only going to crouch in chesthigh grass.Stealth gameplay here is a straight flowchartA If the enemies are 45 levels higher than you, then dont even bother, because a blade through the rib cage doesnt matter if a magical floating number says so. Better go and grind some moreB If there is chest high grass, go into said grass, stealth assassinate anyone who comes closeC If there is no grass, shoot them from the rooftop with thepredator arrow.D If theres no grass or buildings, just hack away at them and then finish them with yoursuper moveIm not even going to go into detail about how theres just so many uninteresting sidequests that play out the same because of how basic the stealth is, or how the game takes control away from you every 10 minutes when you are talking to someone to show you cutscenes, because they want to be cinematic. Remember in AC1, where you could move around during cutscenes, the camera focused on your target and ominous music played? THAT was cinematic...TLDRA massive waste of potential. I was hoping the yearlong break they took from the series would help them go back to the series roots as the ORIGINS title implied, but we are instead greeted withstreamlined stealth play, clunky combat and a terrible leveling system that constantly reminds you that you are playing a video game.PSIm going to finish the game, since I care for the story, but I cant say Im having a lot of fun. Mainly playing just for the act of finishing it...