Absolutely gorgeous game, with loads of attention to detail like fire spreading, Bayeks voice muffling slightly if you wear something covering his mouth, diffusion of blood in water and the possibility of it attracting crocs, NPCs having questrelevant dialogue even after finishing their quests, etc and an interesting approach with loot. I am having so much fun just running around the desert and oases, swimming rivers and borrowing boats from random people, and hunting wildlife alongside Senu.The side quests are almost all memorable, Witcher 3 style. Even the occasional annoying escort or follow mission not tailing, thank god! is helped along if you mount your horse mount up and the NPC will almost always hop on back, and you can hightail it to your destination without the bore of a long trek! Even for quests where you need to transport a dead body, you can toss the body on the back of your horse or camel and ride on to the destination.Best of all, I have nearly 24hrs in the game right now and have come across exactly ZERO tailing or eavesdropping missions, which plagued nearly all of the previous titles.As for the microtransactions, they bring back the Helix currency again, but its not forced on you  AT ALL it took me a while to even find the store and literally everything you can buy with Helix currency, including exclusive mounts and items, can be found at random from chests bought from an NPC called more or less The Bazaar. These chests cost 3,000 drachma, which you can gather in a matter of an hour or two. The worst of online play that youll find is random photos other people took cluttering your map, but you can click those away. Theyre awful and annoying, but the rest of the game really makes that just an irritation rather than a dealbreaker.Running with NVIDIA GTX 970 on an Inspiron 3847 with Intel Core 174790 CPU 3.60 GHz, 4 Cores and only 8 gigs of Ram, I have absolutely no performance issues besides some cutscene screentearing and the occasional buzzing in ambient audio, but that is intermittent and doesnt detract from the overall experience. I expect a patch will fix the audio soon. Basically my computer is decent but no powerhouse, and I run the game just fine at nearUltra settings.Overall the attention to detail sells it to me it really is the little things rather than blasting your way through the game that makes it worth it. If youre a fan of the series, particularly of the majesty that was Black Flag, pick this up. Its much more actionRPG than pirate simulator, but I daresay this one surpasses even Black Flag, and Bayek is even more likeable than Ezio blasphemy!.Seriously though, pick this game up. You wont regret it.Also there are cats. Every game is better with cats. 