I just finished the game and thought I would come here to talk about what I did and didnt like. This will be just a huge dump of unorganized thoughts. Assassins Creed Origins was really good at the start, with interesting characters and a intriguing story. The combat is fully overhalled and fun, but one thing bothered me throughout the game. No matter how upgraded your hidden blade is, for higher level enemies it may only take out a quarter of their health. Near the end of the game, my hidden blade was maxed out in upgrades but would only take out a quarter of health of gaurds. That frustrates me immensly and I know some would say, go level up then but I do not want to spend hours doing side quests just so I can play the main game how it is supposed to be played. Players should be able to fully neutralize an enemy if they are undetected, just like in all the other games. Players should not be forced to play side quests so they are able to do the main quest. The only other complaint I have is the story. In the last parts of the game, the story went in hyperdrive, introducing new characters andIf the player doesnt know the history of the era, they will probably be completly lost during the later part of the game.But the quests are fairly well done, with interesting plots and actions that defy the previous games pattern of repatitive chores. The environment is fun to explore, with secrets lying around everywhere, and is a thrill to fight in. Utilizing the environment is also very fun and rewarding, with oil pots escpecially fun. Your main character is Bayek, who is much more characterized than those of the past few games. Parkouring is REALLY bland now. It highlights speed and vercatility, but is easy to do. Are you trying to get to the top of the lighthouse for a sweet synchronization point? No worries, just keep moving up in a straight line. There is no skill required to parkour anymore, and as a huge Ezio purist guy, this is really dissapointing. But lets talk combat. The COMBAT. Oh its pretty good. Getting in a fight is challanging now and I have never felt fear in an assassins creed game like facing off against a heavy shield guy a level or two above you. At the beggining of the game, you start to get the hang of everything, but then they throw these fast dudes at you. OH THE FAST DUDES. You try and counter one of their attacks and then they somehow end up behind your character, which takes a while to learn how to counter again. Overall, the combat is very entertaining. The game also ties in RPG style choices with gear very well, giving all kinds of perks for weapons that really create a good RPG feel.RPG style gameCombatExplorationWorld DesignBeginning and Middle of StoryHidden Blade is a joke.End of the story feels really rushed.Overall one thing ruins the whole experience for me. The nerf of the hidden blade undermines the core value of Assassins Creed. If I upgrade my blade to max, I should be able to kill any enemy while assassinating. I know this decision may paint me as someone who cant grow with the franchise, but the nerf of the blade doesnt feel like Assassins Creed. The game feels like a RPG in Egypt.