I am one of the few people who didnt mind the yearly releases, Ive loved this series and its look at the grey area of morality since the first one. I love that this series makes you never quite sure who the bad guys are. With very few exceptions every story and every person you kill believe they are doing what is right. Few of them are cartoon villains that are 100 evil the opening mindtwist of AC3 is a prime exampleThat continues in this episode but whats great about Origins is that the year off has done wonders for the series. Gone are the cluttered maps with overwhelming numbers of collections for the sake of collecting, gone are press E to win combat mechanics, gone are the unsatisfying assasinations where you can pretty much just charge in and stab the target and run out. Gone is the silly eagle vision.Replacing those is a large map with fluid quests, collections are limited to gathering mats and solving puzzles, ripper DLC like investigations and treasure hunting with riddles that tie into the story,Combat that is more about tactics and skill than simply memorizing the right buttons to push though cursed spears are massively OP. Guards will surprise you. I went for what I thought was a routine kill on a captain in Nikou fort and the first time he shrugged off my hidden  blade and tossed me around like a sack of potatoes with his spear and killed me like I was an amateur, the second time after leveling up my gear he chased me around the fort and finally died when I got some lucky jukes in jumping from platform to platform and peppering him with arrows. That was a defining moment for me for the game, to know that I was not the apex predator in every situation and you have to approach each assasination and mission with a certain tactical awareness.  Also because sometimes you just want to stride into a fort and declare I have become death, destroyer of worlds! and hack and slash your way to the captain,  you can tame beasts to fight for you. Nothing says I come for your souls like striding into a fort with a lion at your side.Weapons are varied and many you can pick from a wide range of styles to fit your playstyle and if you find a favorite weapon you dont want to lose you can level it up with you. There are even 4 kinds of bows to pick from, ranging from the sniper like Predator bow to the fast firing light bow, rounding out the bows are the hunting bow and the warrior bow for those moments when youa re overwhelmed and need a little extra firepower.Last but not least Senu is a much needed change to the eagle vision mechanic, gone are the funky primitive thermal goggles and instead you get an eagle that not only is a great tactical tool, its just fun to soar over the land to admire the scenery and all the work that was put into the map and living world.TLDR If you are a fan of AC and the last couple have left you a bit flat, this is destined to be in my personal top 3 AC games.