You stumble out of the ruins of the temple,having defeated a Templar predecessorsbodyguard,. The sand stings youreyes as you met your friend, theof your village oasisof. After dispatching the remainingguards, both of you ride as brothers again.It has been months since you arrived in thecolorful, lush backdrop of ancient Egypt. Atragedy has struck you, and both you andSummerRain of this world, live differentlives, one where you protect the weak andthe innocent, while she moves around theintrigue and politics of the upper royalty.As the lastoperating in Egypt, thelone member of a longoutdated group of, you uncover theplot to rule Egypt from the shadows, fromthe evil cabal known as the. Sworn to secrecy and walkingin the open, your targets being parts ofthe priesthood and politicians, controllingeveryone with the mysterious.But you are not alone in this fight. Aftertoppling a tyrant or two in your village ofSiwa, you see how much the rules of theworld of agame have changed. Noinstantkill counters. No boring, repetitivecollectathons. Side quests add narrativeflavor and an element of deep immersion.Truly, this is an experience, and not justa simple game. As you wander in multipleoutfits protecting the weak and facing theeffects of prejudice and oppression in aPtolemaic Egypt, more clues and a senseof dread draws you in with a story thatrefuses to let go of you. Characters comein with their own agendas, short, butevermemorable when they do. The tonechanges with escalation, and when youare finished, there is an empty feelingas this world that has drawn you in nevertruly lets you wake up from it.But do youto?You find yourself on the beach after allis said and done, overlooking a sunsetand ships in the distance, ships due forRome. There, on the beach is none otherthan aSummerRain, cladin white, looking just like she did as youremember the last time you talked to herabout Assassins Creed. She talks to youthat she sails for Rome, to finish thestory, and to start another.You ask her what happened, between thetwo of you. She says that as much as sheloves you, time, space and place haspulled you both apart, despite the deepstory, the indepth feel and efforts thatwent into creating this world and therefined, reworked combat that follows inthe vein of. She says whateverhappened in your journey changed you,and by the time you arrived to find her,she was changed by this game as well.You leave your amulet on the beach, andfeel that the multiple quests, both mainand side missions, and cannot feel botha sense of emptiness and accomplishment.You begin, kneeling down onthe sand.You look up at her, and she sits in thesand with you, looking first at the shipsshe is bound for, then back to you.You look at her, and she puts her handon yours.you start again,but now she hushes you with her fingerand draws you in close. She whispersto you things that you remember, fromthe first time you met, to the timesbetween you and, andthe adventures that she and you hadshared together. Something special.Something timeless. Just like this game,just like this world.Shesays, as you feel your vision grow hazy,and dampness stains your arm.You tryto hold her close and she clings tighter,more desperately now.You hold her close and breathe in toremember the scent of Summer beforeshe is gone. You may never see heragain after defeating the Order of theAncients. After defeating Anubis. Aftersaving all of Egypt.You softly say, and with it, she is boundfor Rome and your are left in Memphis.Overlooking the panorama of Egypt,you cannot help but feel a sense ofawe and sadness. To do this all againwould be welcome. SummerRain hasgone further out in the world to saveit from other threats, while you remainin Egypt, evervigilant against any formof oppression and moreimportantly,to find a new sense of purpose afterthe love of your life has told you thatyouve lived many worlds chasing afterher and never getting that one world,so now is the best time to settle in thisworld and live it to its full potential.You remember her saying, asshe leaves for Rome and she wishesthat your victories multiply. You agreebut ask her if this is truly forever.She says,gesturing to thein the sand fromyour amulet.She draws her hand in and across herchest, pledging herself to this newCreed that you and her have made foran entire generation of gaming tofollow. You noticed she has removedher ring finger as well, a commitment,a dedication to something higher,larger than both of you combined.She smiles.You nod. A soft smile grows acrossyour face. When you look up at her,she is gone. Just like a Hidden One.