Bravo, Ubisoft. Bravo.I was going to write this review after completing the story but I cant wait.  AC Origins proves the level of quality a careful development process can deliver without the rush of simply extending the franchise one more game each year. This game is really brilliant. I am actually quite impressed as I didnt expect this much improvement.Overall, AC Origins might be the most complete AC game where everything just clicks.The free run dynamics are excellent.  It is still not as fast as it used to be in Unity but nevertheless, for the first time I never had the trouble of falling or jumping to the wrong spot during my gameplay.  The player really can go exactly where they want to and the smallest edge is enough to climb.  I was very, very happy with the development of this.  It is difficult to explain but while playing you will certainly understand the difference.The combat, again, is much better than it was ever before.  Combat in AC games used to be sort of a joke.  It was easy to kill waves and waves of enemies by simply ParryAttack combination. Not anymore! For the first time, an AC game made me feel obligated to plan my attacks carefully before running like a maniac.  Combat is more difficult, more realistic and requires actual game play which is obviously very fun.  The addition of archery with various different methods to use it is definitely a great part of this improvement.Talking about the planning part Again, for the first time, I was very happy with the bird view mechanic that Ubisoft so often uses. And again, it is difficult to explain exactly whats different but planning your moves with your eagle is much better than it was for other Ubi titles. It is actually fun and really useful, finally!Moreover, the game is finally full of fun side quests and meaningful collectibles.  The stuff you find are not infinite like it used to be, the quantity is very well set and they are often useful.  So much that I could say the game gets very close to being kind of a RPG, even if a very simple one.  I did spend a lot of time selecting my gear and improving things, carefully choosing my skills. This is really something that AC lacked before.  Note, its also the new combat too that makes this process much more important and concrete than it was before.Yes, the map. The map is vast and everything is unbelievably beautiful.  Riding through the desert or walking through a city, the details and the visual directing is amazing.  I spent maybe 1/4 of my time taking screenshots using the Photo Mode.  AC always created amazing cities and environments but something about this game and Ancient Egypt is just better.Finally, maybe most importantly, AC Origins succeeds at something which Syndicate failed a lot for me Creating atmosphere.  As I play, I really feel like I am at Ancient Egypt and this is an amazing effect.  I walk around and look at the architecture, watch people continue their daily lives, learn more about this incredible culture and history. It is very, very cool.Some people complain about the anticlimax nature of the story but I disagree. I think the story is good enough for wishing to uncover more of the plot but more importantly, it achieves to do exactly what the game aims Showing how the Creed started.In conclusion Buy this game as soon as you have the money for it.  I criticised Ubisoft a lot before but this time all I can say is bravo, Ubisoft. Bravo.