Assassins Creed Origins, the latest game of the AC franchise, the fresh air that we need. This game has potential despite the flaws. Lets start with the review.GraphicMan, this is the prettiest AC Ive ever player besides Syndicate. The lighting, heat effect, the draw distance and the water, oh god the water, are the most thing I like in ACOs graphic. Didnt know desert could be that pretty, and the water looks natural especially when I was on a boat. I still remember when I was in Siwa and on the way to Giza, I could see the shape of the pyramid from afar, like very far and got excited. When I reached the pyramid I climbed it straight to the top, and the view is amazing. Furthermore, once you progress the story further, you can see the Roman style building, which are also beautiful. Conclusion, ACOs graphic is the biggest improvement of the series.The WorldWell, I am happy that this time Ubisoft did it perfectly regarding the games world. Egypt is alive gentlemen, when you are walking the road, you can see people minding their own business, from smithing, riding a carriage, children playing on the street, a group of flamingos flying through the air, animals rampage on nearby village, people singing together in group, so many diversities. Not like in other AC games where people just sort of walking and riding a vehicle, and simply talking to each to each other. The world in ACO is full of details, like animals, you can pet cats, dogs, when you walk in the field of flowers, Bayek put down his hands, reaching and feeling the flowers of wheats on his hands, when nightfall villagers will going back to their house, even the guards, and when you put something on fire, either guards of villagers will try to put it off. This makes exploring the world, going from one location to another location more interesting. And Bayek is an interesting man, the protagonist is likeable, he has personalities.StoryThis is my personal opinion, the story is the usual Ubisoft style, good at the beginning, but forced at the end, seriously, the ending is kinda forced to end, but its not a big problem, at least for me.CombatACO is an rpg now, and combat is kinda sloppy. You have 2 attacks, light and strong. Keep pressint the light attack button for a string of combo, and for the strong attack, its used to break enemiess shield or to know them down. You can also guard using your shield, but honeslty, I rarely guard, the game isnt that hard, unless the enemies are gangin up on you. Another one is dodge, this is the one I use the most. Though more often than not, enemies still can hit you when you dodge. Also there are onlyseveral killing animation that you will see over and over on the course of the game, some good some just plain boring. Besides melee combat, theres a range combat, which is the most satisfying combat in ACO. Aiming is done by holding the RMB, and depends on whick type of bow you are using, each bow has different aiming mode, more will be explained in the gameplay section.GameplayThis is where I tell you the games mechanic, combat is for combat only, while this is for everything ACO has to offer. For starter, the stealth. Stealth is there, but its dumbed down, you cant merge with poeple to hid anymore, even the hiding spot is somewhat lacking, but bushes are abundant. Yeah, stealth is simplified in Origins. Next, the parkour, in Origins, you dont have to hold certain button in order to run/parkour/free run like previous AC games, Bayek is always running, and you can climb by pressing a button, again simplified. This can be bad or good depends on your taste, I am neutral regarding stealth and free run. But, fun thing is, you can climb almost anything in this game, which is nice.Equipments, for weapons, you can several types of weapons such as, swords, sickle sword, dual sword, mace, axe, staff, predator bow, light bow, warrior bows. For melee weapons each has their own style and finishing animation, they even has different overpower move, some just give you adrenaline to attack and move faster, some will attack enemy and kill the in one hit. For bows, you have predator, light and warriors bow, as I stated before, when you aim down while using bow, the types of bow depends the aim interface. For light bow, its like a normal bow,but you can charge your shot for warrior bow, its normal aim, but you cant charge your shot, instead it fires several arrows in quick succession at most 3, and for predator, when you aim, it will give you a zoomed aim, its easier to hit further target with these bow, and with certain skill, you can guide your arrow into the enemys head.For armors, you got shield, which is pretty useless for me, outfits, your 5 basic equips brace, quiver, breastplate, tool pouch and hidden blade, each can be upgraded into legendary using materials and will increase their corresponding atributes. Upgrade them based on your playstyle, either full frontal combat or stealth combat. Outfits can be bought from the weaver shops, sometimes you can buy legendary outfit from the shops, other legendaries can be gotten by completing certain events like chariot race, arenas, daily quests from Reda, or by Heka Chests you bought from Reda with 3000 drachmas contains random loot.Every outfits can be gotten from the Heka chests, but it need tons of drachmas, except for the Isu Armor, you have to get all the zodiak circle, has 50 silicas and enter the Sphinx, you will get the armor there.Mounts, since Egypt is massive, you will need mounts. There are 3 types of mounts, chariot, horse and camels. Chariot is faster than the other 2, while horses and camles are similar. Mounts also has quality, but even if you get legendary mount, it wont affect anything aside from getting an achievement for it.Materials can be gotten by exploring the world and looting everything, or by killing the guards whom are transporting the resources you want. You can find the transporters by scouting with Senu and mark them so that they can appear on your screen. Be careful, if you are in the middle of a fight with the transporters, other guards transporting another resources may pass and enjoy your party, so you might end up against 812 enemies. The transporting guards only transports resources like metals, drachma and woods, for skins you have to hunt animals, such as hyenas, crocodiles, hippos, and lions.Skill, ACO has 3 skills category, warrior, hunter and seer. Warrior is obvious, Hunter is for bow and stealth mainly, and Seers skills affecting tools damage and unlock, shop unclock, breathing, taming animal etc. I recommend getting the bow or warrior skills first, especially the bow. Guiding arrow through the enemies head never gets old.The microtransaction is there, but its not lootboxes, but its not as intrusive and the game doesnt constantly reminding you of its presence like in Shadow of War, the store even located on its own section, and Ubisoft sells you an item for a price, not being randomized, its an item, like the mummy outfit, unicorn mount, time saver pack, etc. I am not defending this, I am just stating a fact.OptimizationNow this is one of the bad of Origins, because the game is plagued by DRM fest, VMProtect, Denuvo, Uplay and Steam, it affects the games performance. WIth i56600k 1070 16GB, I can get Ultra setting with 3050ish fps, unstable. After I bought i77700k, I got 6080ish fps. I will test the free version once its released.ConclusionOrigins is a good game despite of the flaws, it has moderate to a lot of content this is purely subjective, pretty graphic, a lively world, ok story, you get your moneys worth. But all of those are ruined by performance issue, after the patch it helps a bit, but still freezing sometimes with my i56600k, I dont know if its because of the DRM or other things.Wait until this problem is fixed, if its not fixed then I recommend get this on sale.