This is the best Assassins Creed game so far in my opinion. Here are some reasons why The StoryThe story starts of kind of lackluster. Not really interesting and hard to follow. After several hours, the story becomes very clear and fun. You basically need to kill a lot of different bad guys which all have their stories and reason behind it. The ending of the game is like a sweet candy. It completely fits and is so great. The WorldThe world in AC Origins is  H U G E. And I mean H U G E. There is so much to do in this open world. Everywhere you are, there is a side quest or there is a camp to be raided. There are a lot of side quests as well. They grand you different amounts of exp, regarding the difficulty of the quest. Every side quest has got its own story and if you pay attention, these are linked to open world activities. So I highly recommend completing the open world activities while doing side quests. You have the problem that you need such a game you dont know what to do first. I have enjoyed a lot of the exploring so far. And you also get some.. LootThe loot system in this game is way better than in the previous AC games. You have a great variety of weapons. From dual handed knives to a great battleaxe. The standard weapons are the weakest. They have nothing special going on but can still be used efficiently in combat. It is just harder. Then you have the rare items, which arent that rare unfortunately. These are just overal slightly better in terms of stats compared to the standards. But.. of course you want the legendary weapons, which are quite hard to get your hands on in early game without the help of DLCs or microtransactions. These weapons have their unique neash and there will be always a legendary item that will fit your playstyle. LevelingLeveling in this game goes as fast as F1 cars in the first stage of the game. You get per level one ability point. Spend them wisely as you really need those abilities in the combat or stealth. At the end of the game however, leveling becomes more challanging and it might become a little bit frustrating. But if you just go through the flow of Ancient Egypt, everything is fine.Combat and StealthCombat and stealth are well done in this game. If you have ever played Dark Souls or the Witcher, you might be familiar with this combat. But, it is much faster paced. People engage you from litteraly everywhere if you storm into a camp. You might even get stomped in the face eventhough the level of the enemies is several levels below yours. So combining the stealth with the combat is really viable. Talking about the stealth, they brought back the whispering! An awesome feature to lure the guards towards bushes or around corners.My overall experience and ratingIve bought this game now two weeks ago and I enjoy it to bits. I want to complete every single quest and explore every single corner of Ancient Egypt. An awesome experience with great atmosphere.Try to ignore the bugs and glitches though. If you get annoyed by them too much it will ruin the experience. Accept that it is a Ubisoft game and that there are some issues. This game has been a great pleasure to play. I rate this a solid 5/7