This is everything I ever wanted out of the Assassins Creed series in terms of gameplay. You no longer simply press counter to autokill your enemy, the parkour button no longer makes you sprint so now you dont automatically stick to every surface in the game while trying to navigate tight spaces and quests and items are more meaningful to your characters progression instead of being a mindless collectathon.Out of the countless things I love about the game, the immersive nature of the world itself is my favorite part. Setting a goal for yourself, such as a quest half way across the map, and navigating your way there based solely on landmarks while getting into exiting adventures lasting several hours or more never got boring. There was always something new and interesting to see and do which is something I never thought Id say about an Assassins Creed game. If youre familiar with the series youll notice a strong conscious effort by the developers to do away with everything people were annoyed with in the previous entries. Among other things it lets you untrack quests so there are no waypoints, you dont desynchronize if you stray too far away from your target and its almost impossible to get stuck while riding your mount since it can jump over obstacles and down steep cliffs.The story and characters of the Assassins Creed games has never been able to live up to the second games memory and Im sad to say that still hasnt changed. Origins effort is certainly an improvement over later entries but it still doesnt reach the same level of character development and mystery that Assassins Creed 2 had. I think a part of the reason for that is that Ezio was a rich kid playboy turned super cool assassin and as far as living vicariously through a video game character goes it doesnt get much better than that. I also dont like that the present day plot is basically optional at this point. There are a lot of notes with plenty of backstory on present day events and characters if you read through it but its never presented to the player as a priority. I see this as a blatant compromise by the developers to please both those who like the present day plot and those who dont. Id prefer it if it was given a more prominent place in the narrative as a whole.The best thing about the game however is that you can perform fighting animations in the animus loading screen again! That hasnt been a thing since Revelations and Ive always missed it. Ironically Im playing with an SSD now so even though its back I still dont get to enjoy it. Cest la vie. And Im not usually a sucker for social features but photo mode is quite ingenious. Now you can spend an embarrassingly large amount of time getting the lighting and framing just right before posting your picture only for it to be completely ignored by the community while a far more mediocre one gets thousands of likes. Just like in real life! The attention to detail is something I never expected to see from an Assassins Creed game. For example, did you know that if you wiggle the left stick while controlling Senu shell do a barrel roll? Im very impressed by the game and remain optimistic about the future.