Assassins Creed Origins is a game where you play as the revengeseeking Medjay called Bayek.While you hunt down the people whoyou realize youre in for something much bigger. What you find out is that there is a secret, ancient order controlling Egypt. Killing innocent people, leaving people in fear, abusing their power for money. As one of the last Medjays in Egypt, you got to put an end to this order and kill every single person in it.The main story is very good. It keeps you entertained for hours! You meet new and interesting people in every mission. Youre also introduced to people you have probably heard of before. Cleopatra, Caesar and Ptolemy XIII Pharaoh.Side missions are fun but some of them might be a little repetetive. Some of the side missions are basically the same.You speak to the persons who needs help, travel to the given location, investigate the given location and then proceed to find the object/person.Even though this is not a big deal because theres only a few side missions like this, I just want to put it out there.This will not ruin your experience in any way sinceof the missions are different.If you wanna buy this game since you actually liked Assassins Creed Unity or Syndicate and you want the gameplay to be like that, this game is not for you. Ubisoft removed ACs old combat system and replaced it with something new and interesting. Very RPGlike. Instead of the hack and slash combat system youre probably used to in the old AC titles, its much more tactical and realistic. I would say its pretty close to For Honors combat system.The world around is one of the biggest reasons I kept playing this game for hours. The beautiful landscape, creepy tombs, funny and interesting people around the world, the statues, the buildings and of course, the pyramids. Everything is just perfectly placed and designed. Ive spent a lot of time just wandering around, entering interesting places and going on treasure hunts for loot, scrolls and more. Everything is so beautiful, but once you dig deeper you find the dark history behind some of these locations.If you liked the review, please click thumbs up!