Note My review is mostly about the story and very detailed.The ending made me feel a little bit confused, since we experienced the whole story from the eyes of Bayek and were familiar with his feelings, giving such important role to Aya at the end caused me to unwillingly disempathize her, I doubted who was the real protagonist here.I gained sympathy to Bayek in the beginning, from his attitude with his acquaintances to his accent. But when I consider the previous games, I realize that none of the characters including Bayek pulled me to the story.I understand the reason behind Khemus role in script but either the way of the demonstration was weak or the base of this introduction idea was totally trash. Maybe Bayek could have faced more extraordinary cases like Edward or at least did not exaggerate his childs death and did focus on philosophical side of the creed like Altair.Though at the end of the game Aya seemed she isolated herself to the world, this was notable. But take the era and the location into account, I expected a qualified tradition concerning the creed to be shown distinctively. Should the goal of those assassinations have been to kill who deserve? This means disregarding the beliefs, the philosophy, or the ideology. Who can deserve to die when zero background of the cause is given? This is ridiculous. One must keep in mind that somehow the concept of those murders impressed Hassan Sabbah and he created an organization from this principle. In Rogue, there the templar was claiming assassins are vandalists. Well if Origins is a start, through this game, templars later could prove they really have some points about why assassins should be destroyed. Assume doing something unethical to seek avenge. But this is just a suggestion. If a fair conflict was created in Rogue for we were able to become a templar players could have seen in this game why assassins are not a perfection because even in this century we fight to each other about what is right and what is wrong.Main targets would not be that banal if it was ACI but this is not first game so dont expect me to be amazed.Story did not flow. The fact of shallow characters, unnecessarily big world map, barely memorable scenes strengthened the problem. You can see the end forgetting every single thing about story.Existence of magic or let me say mortal magic and the gods really disturbed me. I hope there is an explanation especially for the alchemic magic.Senu was awesome. Nightmare mode was remarkable. The regions were perfectly created and could be distinguished. I adored taking pictures.Got used to clear locations from previous games but leveling up is a pure pain. Maybe I just want to play the story but you force me to finish boring side quests otherwise there is no chance I can continue on the story.Yes, story is mostly negative in my opinion. But this does not mean everything is story. So I recommend it. 