Hi,I guess youre wondering whether this installement of AC series is worth your dime. And noone can blame you, knowing how Ubisoft has, patheticly, turned such a great franchise into a yeartoyear money grabbing business. This is no longer the case with AC Origins hopefully for the foreseeable future as well. Ill share my opinion as to why.ProsGraphics  this game looks stunning no matter what kind of a I dont play Minecraft because its squared creep you are. Ubisoft has taken a step further with ACO and the result is an environment where you simply want to stop and take a picture as if youre actually there. The characters are very detailed, the physics work fine most of the time, the saturation is perfect. Dungeons are a big hit too, theyre both creepy and inviting. The sand being carried by the wind in the desert, the distortion effect of heat, the faraway mountains, it all looks stunning. The animations are done mostly right too.Sound  The sound greatly enchances the graphics, especially in ACO. The sound of wind dashing through the trees and grass along with some sounds of wildlife is something nearly every game has, yet not many make you feel as if the nature is truly alive. The hallucinations in the desert sound like theyre in your head, which adds to the creepy atmosphere. Sound of crumbling rocks, falling debree and birds as you scale the mountains is real cool. The characters are voiced with emotion and some story behind them, which made me listen to all the conversations instead of skipping. It didnt seem like only a few voice actors worked on this, but a whole army.Gameplay  swithcing to an RPG system was definitely a great idea. The combat is not fluid and responsive, the loot system is real good. The dash works as intended, if you manage to dodge the attack and it does not reach you, then youre safe. It all transitions well from combat to parkour and riding, with the help of well made animations.ConsParkour  Bayek does not have grappling hooks or ropes like his counterparts, but scaling rather impossible to scale places never felt so easy. It makes it look so easy your kids could do it. It looks cool, but lacks depth and dfficulity and, n turn, realism. It is still enjoyable though.Story  it is bland.. I mean, the sidequests are better written than the main storyline. On that note, throughout the game Bayek is trying to balance his deeds so that Gods would send him to the field of reeds when he dies, and yet many of the quest objectives are to kill, kill, kill. I understand that they needed to promote the new combat system, but this is a bit over the top. I will not go any further to avoid spoilers, but if I had to compare the quality of the story with another game it would be Crysis 3, where its trying to make you feel like youre in a some grand scheme, but it fails to do so and youre left with nothing but gameplay to fill that missing spot and make the best out of it.OverallI recommend this game. The freedom given to you to explore an intimidatingly huge world full of detail, by any means you like, is awesome. I have completed nearly everything this game has to offer just to see what lies beyond and  dont regret a minute of it.