Assassins Creed Origins is an important landmark in the saga. Right from its announcement it had me hooked.  The developers made an ambitious move by looking at the very birth of the Creed as we know it. They took this exciting idea and executed it perfectly to churn out what seems like one the best game of the series .My experience with this game has been extremely satisfying. I have played over 70 hours and am yet to unlock every content. There has been no noticeable bugs or crashes so far. Framerate drops have been at a bare minimum and seemed to occur mostly in densely populated areas which is understandable.The protagonist Bayek is the most unique character in the series since Ezio. Kudos to the writing team for developing such a layered character.  Without going into spoilers, I would say that the game is a beautiful tale of how a couple come to terms with their difficulties and try to build something positive as a consequence of it.The gameplay now resembles an action RPG but there is still enough stuff for the old assassin fans to like. I am happy that the team took time to make the side quests enjoyable since you need to spend a lot of time grinding in this game.A word of caution though there is a lot of hype about how the combat borrows heavily from Dark Souls saga, it lacks the smoothness and finesse for which we admire the Souls series. The combat animations seem a bit limited and while the Souls series pushes us to improve our instinct along with grinding up, this is not the case with Origins. If you are at a level greater than or equal to the level of your enemy, the combat becomes too easy. When faced with multiple enemies, it is about dodging away and striking at the right moment. Parrying hardly comes to the equation and I have used this rarely.Despite all these, the combat is certainly a step in the right direction and is infinitely more challenging than the one hit kill counters of yore except possibly Unity and Syndicate, though the latter was not so difficult.But how about the stealth gameplay? Truth is I dont have a clear answer. I am still experimenting by infiltrating the numerous outposts and watching the gameplay of other YouTubers. The predator and the hunting bows  have been very well designed for quick kills in stealth. Apart from these tools like poison and sleep darts are also useful. The problem seems to be that once you are detected the whole garrison tends to surround you at once and then your only option is to run and hide or fight. There are not enough good hiding spots like Unity and Syndicate. They have also removed social stealth and berserk darts which is a letdown.Parkour is smooth enough and I had a fun time exploring the major monuments in ancient Egypt. Particularly the tomb exploration has never been any better. Last but not the least, I liked the concept of the new literal eagle vision. Using Senu as recon helped me strategize in well guarded outposts.Overall, I highly recommend buying this game. I am now looking forward to the DLC expansions.