When I originally prepurchased this game, I had mixed emotions with that heart pounding anticipation if the game would actually be worth it at all. The short answer of this, is that I am left happy with the product the developers worked hard on, its nowhere near perfect of a game but definitely a much needed fresh start for the franchise.As we journey to Egypt, there were questions I had before even playing the game. Questions like, will I be okay with the fact that there wont be as much building climbling, or the fact that I had to run the whole vast of sand to even reach somewhere? Will the character be any good considering that he doesnt look as charismatic as the previous ones? Will the story be anywhere good? Are there even changes to justify the game nowadays?Parkour is still the same for any AC game, but with the advent of our Egypt journey, i found it enjoyable running, jumping, and doing all acrobatic things, and there are still places where you have to climb up tall buildings, and with a mount along, journying the vast land is easier. The addition of the eagle is nice, but would leave that piece of information for you to actually discover.The character, despite not being as charismatic as the others, is making his mark as probably the most friendliest, probably the most patriotic amongst the series and based on the story, it is justifying that stance. I am happy to announce that story wise, though, not the best, is still enjoyable throughout.There were so many changes made with this game compared to previous titles, but the most shocking part is probably the combat system. The combat has been revamped to a point where I honestly didnt know what to do at the start of the game, and needed time to get used to it. Gone are the days where you could easily bash your buttons and kill everyone in a matter of seconds, now you have to consider your approach or be surrounded by enemies and eventually meet your doom... at least until you restart.Overall, I am happy about this game, giving it a solid 8/10. Stunning visuals and spectacular combat are the best highlights. A must have for any AC fan out there, and a solid entry for anyone who is looking to enter the world of the Creed.