Speechless.Due to the creed games previously, I was VERY skeptical about getting origins. After seeing some gameplay, and reviews I figured I would take a leap of faith  Lets dive in, shall we?The game is set in Egypt near the end of the Ptolemaic period. The main character you play is named Bayek. In my few hours of play, I was tasked with helping out a healer, blacksmith, and family in the first area named Siwa. 2 Hours of play later, and im nearing the completion of side and main quests for the area. Ive yet to even begin pursuing collectables! The game allows the player to play in ANY style they choose. Ranged attacks, fire bombs, bows, spears, swords of all types.. The diversity is intense in this game especially, as the open world of egypt is done incredibly well. You will literally feel like you are stepping back in the periods of what, 50 bc? You have MANY ways to complete a mission due to the vast amount of choices you have for say eliminating a captain. Want to climb on the roof and shoot him with the bow? Want to lure his guards to you, kill the guards, then have the captain investigate his troops, only to find theyve been inflicted with poison that will harm the captain himself. You also start off the game with a mount, and the ability to use him any time you desire. Crafting, although handy, is quite basic. Think Far Cry. Disappointed in that lack of depth, but it still allows for some game changing experiences. Just recently I met an old friend, senu? I believe. He is your pet eagle that allows for recon of areas, and tagging of enemies, objectives, and also you can set custom markers with him. Think Wildlands drone style.Origins looks insanely beautiful on a modern day pc. Cutscenes look directly like the game itself does, and sometimes worse, as if some were ported from the console build. not affecting towards any gameplay, therefore I feel it shouldnt detract any score from the game. I did notice some little choppy/laggy bits in the beginning for some reason?My PC is a i5 6600k Base clock, with a gtx1070 all run on a 140hz monitorUltra/max settings, the frames were at the lowest low 50s, max was around 70High settings, Frames were a little better at 7080 FPSNo need to test lower settingsIm not disappointed at the performance, as it is highly playable, but I guess im just SO used to getting frames that match my refresh rate..The game is done incredibly well so far as im 2 hours into it, my biggest complaint would have to be the lack of a satisfying crafting system, and the very little frame drop from time to time. The gameplay affects are done really nicely, the UI is done really well.. Its a complete package that feels like a nice refresher to the more closed of  creed gamesI HIGHLY recommend this game if you new to the creed series as the combat is SO much smoother and seems more fluent. Look out souls, and witcher a new game is on the block  I Pray Ubi keeps building and improving upon this formula, and doesnt run it to the ground. Cheers folks 