Assassins Creed Origins, while definitely a mustbuy, is not a revitalization of the series that everyone claims it is. Ive liked all of the Assassins Creed games to date and this simply furthers the franchise into great environments and time periods.The game play is essentially the same as every previous entry, with the exception of a new combat system. The new combat was at first unlikable, but once I got used to it, I really liked it. Everyone seems to be praising the RPG elements and how this has revitalized the franchise. It appears however, that anyone will call anything an RPG these days.Let me be clear There are absolutely no RPG elements found in this game. You can purchase different weapons and different outfits just as any previous entry. The main difference with Origins, is that the mission structure is less linear. The game is open world and you can choose whether to engage in the main quests or side quests. Granted, side quests are better than in previous entries, where you would go around pickpocketing others or doing small assassinations. Here, the sidequests are a little more involved.Does that mean this is an improvement? Well no. Sidequests suffer from the Fallout 4 problem. Go here, kill this. Go there, kill that. Theres not a lot of variety and most of the sidequests are boring. The issue with this is that the game has an artificial level system. Once you get enough experience, you level up. But enemies have levels too, and many sidequests and main quests are restricted to you until you level up, simply because the enemies become almost impossible to beat until you reach their level. This means that in order to progress the story, you need to engage in a series of boring side quests to level up. In this regard, the game actually suffers because of its so lauded RPG elements.That being said, the story was engaging and the environments fascinating. The contrast between the Egyptian, Greek and Roman cities brings quite a bit visually to the game. Egypt itself also has a number of good looking environments, from rocky desert mountains, to sand dunes, to the marshy delta of the Nile. Its quite fun just to ride your horse from objective to objective, taking in the scenery. The game also does show you the origin of the Assassins Brotherhood, as well as the Templars, but I found it all a bit rushed. The main focus of the story is the vendetta of Bayek the main character and the origin of the brotherhood takes a backseat. The story itself was great, but it was hindered because of the leveling wall that kept getting put up. I was engaged enough to want to continue the story, and yet I couldnt because I had to do some lackluster side mission or five in order to get where I could progress.Concerning some minor spoilers, I wasnt a fan of the way Caesar was treated in this game. He was quite outofcharacter and was put in a position that he shouldnt belong in. Ive also heard rumors of the next entry of the Assassins Creed franchise going with a Medieval viking setting. While I would be interested, I would hope instead that it goes the route of continuing the evolution of the Assassins in ancient Rome, as this game seems to set up.Origins has a few other features worth mentioning. Gladiator fights, while limited, are extremely fun, due to the new combat system. You can also engage in chariot races, though I never really got the hang of it. Some might find it fun, but I didnt invest enough time in it to get any good, so I wouldnt know. Origins also returns naval combat to the game, though it is limited to just a few story missions. It was fun to blast other ships with barrages of fire arrows and ram them, as opposed to shooting off cannons. Naval combat isnt nearly as indepth as Black Flag or Rogue, but it is welcome for short segments and is just present in just the perfect amount.So is the game worth a purchase? Besides its flaws, I still recommend it. As a fan of the franchise, I liked it just as well as all the previous ones. The socalled RPG elements are annoying and hinder your progress, but overall I found the game enjoyable. 