I dont usually write reviews, but I kind of felt obliged to. As a long time fan of the AC series, I have enjoyed the playstyle of the games. This game, however, is different. I will note that this game was a gift, and I am happy and thankful for it I dont regret playing through this game.As a game, not looking at it as part of Assassins Creed series, I have to say that it is a great game hence the recommendation. But looking at it from the series perspective, I would have to say that it has disappointed me in the segments of gameplay I used to find very enjoyable in previous games.might be a few spoilers, I am not sure how far into the story you areFirst offThis game is demanding, ok? It demands all your attention and the attention of your gaming platform PC or console. I must say it is kind of worth it. So, unless you have recommended system requirements, or above, dont expect this game to run perfectly. Sorry.Next, I have to comment how the combat mechanics were dealt with. I admit that I am a huge fan counterattack, and only place where I was able to experience it were ship battles. Yes, it is true that Bayek can, in a way, counter attack, but it is a bit clunky, at least it was for me. Having to perfectly execute it at times made it a real annoyance because more often than not, I would miss because of my positioning. And that leads me to targeting system. You need to specifically mark your target, which I dont mind I mind the fact that if you do not mark it, your attacks will often miss, not be executed properly, or you will just run past your desired enemy. This is not the combat I am used in AC games I liked previous system, which is a big reason why I liked the games so far.extra comment Flavius fight is just awful, very very annoyingSpeaking of combat, I also need to point out the value of hidden blades in this game. I am used to being able to stealth kill, well, anyone and anything while exploring new areas. If you take your time to inspect your surroundings and execute a perfect stealth attack, you would have no problem in killing any enemy. But in this game unless you max out the upgrades on your blade once you finally get it, it will do unimpressive damage It might kill weaker enemies, but brutes, commanders and captains will still need your additional attention.Now this is one of the main aspects of the game I despise. Levels. I love AC series because you do not have to grind your way up a levelling tree. Dont get me wrong, I like to do side quests, but off my own accord, not because I am missing 3 levels to continue with the main story arc. It felt very underwhelming to do no damage to an enemy, and he kills you in one or two swings. Never have I been denied the chance of exploration because of imaginary number above my enemies head well, not in AC series at least. I am used to walls that tell me hey, idiot, you are not supposed to enter this area yet, but this was just too annoying especially the phylakitai who were a constant thorn in my side while doing missions. One of those resistant enemies that cant be assassinated just using the blade.Not sure how I feel about this Sometimes it felt fun looking for resources I needed for an upgrade, but it was also annoying to grind for certain items. And near the end of the game, I was just sick and tired of having to go around looking for what I needed for the last upgrade. Of course, level gringin included.I dont actually have anything negative to say about this. Mounts are nice and responsive, mounted combat is really fun, actually, and you can even loot mounted! I had to get off of my high horse or a camel and get arrows myself, though. Another good feature is that you can set a mark you need/want to go to, and make your mount run to it! You still cant just let it autorun and go get a drink, because you could run into enemies damn you random phylakitai!. But for the most part, you can just lay back and enjoy the sights!Beautiful. Thats it. This game has an amazing sight from deserts to lakes, to mountains, everything is stunning. They did a wonderful job, and exploring every region was a pure bliss. also, you can enter peoples homes and break their potsNot to mention that it will take you some time to explore every nook and cranny, so completionists beware!It is different Mostly because you literary are using an eagle 0.0 Not sure how much I like it mostly because I often miss a few enemies that ruin my stealth approach. Dont get me wrong! I love Senu! Just not sure how much I like this process Although, extra points for looking yourself autorun from eagles perspectiveOk, I admit, the story was amazing! It has a great story arc, and amazing side quests. On my way to level myself up I couldnt stop searching for more side quests who just give more to the overall story. And I was really disappointed when some of those quests were for higher level that is the only negative thing in this. Other than that, side quests are really engaging and, in a way, are a small story arcs in their own right.Of course he deserves a category for himself. I really enjoyed the development of this character, and I must say that he has become one of my favourite game characters. Also, his voice actor is amazing, and I love his sincere responses to events in the game. He has the sweetest laugh!AYANo. Just no. She is a very disappointing female character. I hated every moment I was forced to play as her. When she was first introduced, I had noting against her, she seemed like she could be an interesting character. But as the story progressed, so did she. In the wrong direction. As an assassin, I have nothing against her. She has her ideals that go well with the creed. But, since the main focus of this game is Bayek, I am watching her from his perspective. And from that perspective, she is very disappointing character in my eyes.Also, I have spent all my points getting Bayek to be as deadly as he can, modifying his abilities to my playstyle, and having to play as her, a mediocre assassin compared to him, was a real disappointment. I lost the ability to change gear, lost all my upgrades, and was downgraded from gold/purple items, to blue Dealt almost no damage, and was better off scurrying in the shadows than fighting even against one opponent I swear I have no idea how I got out of some of fights alive!.As for the rest of the things I think of her and her story I better not start, because there are so many things I did not like about her, I dont know where to start. Thankfully, her parts were short and soon you were back to doing missions with Bayek.I have to say that it is an interesting game. Not a true Assassins Creed game for me, but a good game in general. Has a nice story and setting. You get and eagle that follows you and harasses your enemies, you can tame a big cat, your horse has GPS, and you can watch Aya die first hand.9/10 