This game...I dont even know where to start. The graphics, the scenery, the atmosphere...its whole world is very well put together. If you like history and always wondered what could it be to visit ancient Egypt then this game is for you. Most people had problems with the story, yeah its a bit repetitive but there are a bunch of cool aspects hidden in there, specifically if youve played the previous games. Even though the locations usually have the same objectives as well it doesnt feel repetitive for me because the scenery is always different and most of them have a side quest that lead you there anyways. This game is more about exploring the world than diving into some deep story.The combat mechanic is different to other AC games, meaning You wont be chainkilling everyone until the last enemy like Ezio did back in the day rather you have to be on your guard for archers, light and heavy weapon and longrange soldiers, they all act in a different way and are effective at killing you quickly if you dont pay attention Im talking about hard difficulty only right now. Seemingly endless possibilites to enhance your playstyle through the skill tree and the various weapons and upgrades available in the game for which you either hunt the materials out in the wild or snatch them from greek and roman patrols around the world Senu is a great help for that.Speaking of Senu, she is the best thing in this game, she can help you locate enemies and provide valuable intel like an ancient CIA surveillance drone, Senu is upgradable with skills as well and you can fly over the whole map with her. So basically, let it be on the ground, underwater or high up in the sky, you can explore everything. I remember finding a dinosaur skeleton in a remote lake near one of the deserts. Or bashing Senus head in a kite because not paying attention forward. Or accidentally sliding into a tomb which I didnt even know was there. These bits make the game very enjoyable.As for the character himself, Bayek is quite loveable, the way he treats all the kids he encounters in the game is just heartwarming. The voice acting is topnotch it fits really well.As for bugs, I didnt encounter any, although there was a time when I first thought it was actually a bug but it turned out to me being stupid and the objective is indeed underground I just need to find a way down lol.Anyways I dont even know where Im going with this right now, just rambling all over the place, buy this game and enjoy the hell out of it! Ive put 100 hours in it and got 100 achievements as well. And Im still not done with the game. 9.5/10 in my book. 