TLDR Awesome graphics, awesome sidequests, awesome story, awesome combat, awesome game.Not big on writing reviews, but I had to make an acception to this game. This was my first Assassins Creed game since the first Assassins Creed way back when, and let me tell you, its amazing. Egypt is massive and beautiful, the combat is crisp and sleak, and the different playstyles you can choose from is awesome. Theres tons of really cool upgrades you can give your characer such as multiple stealth kills at the same time, or being able to hop off a building, draw your bow, and have time slow to a crawl as you fire arrows at your helpless victims. I dont know about you,  but a lot of side quests for me feel boring and sameold, but the side quests in this game are just as fun as the main quest. Its usually saving someone from raiders that have kidnapped someone, or just invading some sort of camp etc etc. Yet, being able to try your new abilities and strategies in these smaller areas are great, especially if youre practicing combat and you dont want to hop into a massive freaking battlezone that you need to traverse in some parts of the games. The jumps and hops your character makes, from crawning on walls to running on tightropes to stab an enemy in the neck and chuck them off a building is so friggin cool. The little sound effects that your characer makes as hes hopping along makes him sound like a stealth God, and the awesome and brutal moves you can preform go hand and hand with the stealth experience that being sneaking up on someone and stabbing the crap out of em. I havent even come close to the end of the game, and the twists and turns the story is taking, the amazing combat, and thrill and all around excitement I get when I first load up the game, ready to advance the story further, is just stellar. The game really immerses you in the experience with its awesome music and little jingles. Only real problem ive faced in the game is my low end laptop doesnt take the game at all, and I have to wait to play the game on my desktop at home, so dont buy if you have a low end computer. All around a MUST BUY. For the 60 dollar price tag, its a reccomendation from me.