As an AC series fan since II to Black Flag, Im not so enthusiastic as before well, Unity get me sick, then I bought Syndicate through but never have a passion and time actually to play it. I even didnt track the news of a new AC game in this year but I have a sense that its time. I used to be a loyal customer of the physical deluxe edition in practical, 3 to Syndicate, but this time I just purchase a digital edition on Steam, thinking about to give it a try. Another reason is that I also want to have a taste that whats the feeling of playing a game like this on my new PC i7700, gtx1060 6GB.And this becomes my favourite game in the last of the year.Overall, the technical skill  Ubis landscape rendering on every AC game is their best strength. I trust them, and I have an expectation. Different from the previous AC games that most story stages still exist in the modern age like Jerusalem, Venice, Rome, Istanbul, New York, Paris and London, the Egyptian landscape of Origins last noting at now but several faded ruins. So I know its a challenge to create a realistic, convincing ancient Eygpt in the late Ptolemaic dynasty.But this time I still get impressed. The ancient Egypt where is a mystic to me now looks so real and colourful in this AC Origins. You can find out that at that age, Egypt was in an ethnic conflict among Greek, Roman and Aboriginal Egyptian. You can be surprised that the Sphinx was not so large as our imagination. You can row a boat in the magnificent view of Nile and understand the Egyptians proud of it. And most important one, climb on the top of the Great Pyramid of Giza  then ski down from it!!!Plot 3/5. Even the main plot is surprisingly short, but at least it explains the origin of Assassin Brotherhood. It makes me sad to experience the struggle of the protagonist in the main plot. Good to see him became relieved in the last. The determination and perspective of Aya surprised me and controlling her in the primary ending quest is another one.Battle 5/5. Compared to the previous games that focus on assassination, Origin gives players more choices. You can become a battle master who deals an army in front, can sniper everyone without a sound in a bow, or be a pain in every soldiersby mastering tricks of fire, poison and smoke. A traditional assassin player like me can also be satisfied with a new foetracking system with your eagle, more challenging, but more rewarding to achieve every perfect assassination.Quest 4/5. Side quests seem trivial, but they are in fact enjoyable to play. The number of them is reasonable  not too many nor too less. Beside from a crucial step of levelling up, they provide the opportunity to understand the culture of ancient Egypt and shape the character of Bayek more vividly.UI design 4/5. Seems like largely improved. Never got a time lost by changing item or checking map, and overall looks more beautiful than before.Rendering 4/5. Sometimes there can be slight rendering issue on texture, mostly at the start of plot animation. But it doesnt cost a lot to an overall outstanding display expression on my PC. Everything looks so real and adorable.Exploring 5/5. No need to explain a lot. If you even got a time bored in travelling on the ground, you can call your Eagle to see everything from the sky, or just sit on a boat, let the boatman carry you across the Nile. Being a tomb raider is also an amusing experience and the most rewarding one.Socialising, and aftertime playing after completion3/5. Origin doesnt feature a multiplayer, but it proves that multiplayer is unnecessary to make online socialising and keep players to play the game even after completed the main plot. You can compete with your friend with the score of racing and arena, the quickest completion of trials, even whose photos are betterlooking. I know there is a possibility of the multiplayer mode to be add in future DLCs, but now I dont see any necessity of it. To me, the game itself is completed enough.OverallIf you are an AC fan, play it for your love of series.If you just know AC recently maybe by the movie, play it as it will make you surprised by the charm of the series. Oh, remember to at least play Ezio trilogy as well.If you dont know what the hl AC is, play it as it can be the first game that descript the scenery of ancient Egypt so vividly. You wont be disappointed!