Assassins creed Origins is a game that satisfies me in every way. The general comment is the core and apparent features do impress me for sure, but it was the countless small supprises in the game that give me the  hardon.The graphic and physics of the game is just wordlessly beautiful. They set the Photo mode Press F3 in game for a reason, and the developers have every confidence to do that.As a history lover like me, who are particular interested in ancient Egypt, I appreciate how much research effort had been done by the developer, and after that a massive while detailed game world is created, from historical structure and ancient artifacts, to how people live and work.The game impresses me by its details. There are countless examples and I decide not to spoil too much. There are actually more than what you have seen from youtube. I just raise one or two here the obelisk erected in the wild may catch some bird turd on its tip, while those in side big cities have clean tip the lip movement is in accordance with every line people say... imagine how many conversation Bayek and NPCs have spoken throughout all these countless side quests. Quite an effort.There are so many things to do in game. Main targets, side quests, exploring different locations, investigating an area for clues, hunting for materials to craft and upgrade gears, try out different weapon and combat style and many more... basically every you may like in an open world game. Some reviews suggest ACO has a bit all everything, and lose its identity to some extents. I dont agree with it. In fact the developer had balanced everything very well when they decide to make it an open world game. Its something I particularly appreciate. With everything is out there, we have the casual freedom to choose what to do. For example, weapon upgrating and gear crafting are fun to work on and do help you a bit in combat, but you dont really depend that heavily on weapon to progress the game, The game doesnt force you or drive you to do something or play with a certain style and pattern... that is what I called casual freedom. Im the kind of gamer who likes to grind into every corner of the open world, so I defintely enjoy every moment. But if you just want to concentrate on the main course of the game, you can just as well do that by ignoring the side quests. The options are just there quitely.Im not particularly welloff and I always think a lot before every purchase. This time, Im seriously motivated to continue investing in the games future DLC.