Im really enjoying this game, having played most of the other AC games, this one stands out with its new combat system and more of a focus on exploring in an open world. Ive encountered some very minor bugs but nothing to make me feel like the game is unplayable. The combat system also tends to feel a bit unpolished, and would be best to describe it as a light version of what you got in For Honor. You lock on, and you swing at the guy. Theres not much variety or tactics outside of that in a fight. The lock on can be a hinderence at times, but Ive found manually aiming works well enough with a mouse and keyboard. I did have to rebind the buttons a bit to have it feel a little more intuitive.Might be opinion but Bayek is also a pretty interesting protagonist so far compared to some of the other protagonists you might play as in prior AC games. Again, mileage may vary as this is a personal opinion. I find ancient egypt more interesting than some of the settings in the other games.BUUUT im going to not recommend this game because of the following..The DRM softwares used in the game cripples performance and people buying this game should be aware of how it runs. A simple google search or checking out the steam forum for this game will tell you exactly what kinda performance you should expect for this game. If stuff like this bothers you, id stay clear of this one until Ubisoft can give an official statement or refuses to about it. One thing is for sure, it wont run well with the hardware Ubisoft RECOMMENDED. And there isnt a chance in hell itll run well with their minimal requirements hardware listed. For the most part this game is very CPU usage dependent for performance, mostly because of their wackDRM software. For referrence im running a 7700k with a 1080ti and the performance barely passes as playable in most areas, and inside cities and heavily populated areas, im seeing frames drop down into the low 40s.If you see this on sale, dig the AC gameplay with a bit more emphasis on play, and you find ancient egyptiancool, go for it.