I completed Origins a couple of weeks ago, but as this is an Ubisoft game I guess I need to be specific and say main plot, all side quests except the star map one, and an awful lot of collecting, or just check my hours.Ive left it until now to post a review as Im still not sure quite how much I like it. Dont get me wrong, its very good, but Im glad I waited for the Xmas sale and Im not enough of an AC fanboy to want the extras and DLC. 30 for about 60 hours of gaming that I probably wont go back to feels about right to me, but in those 60 hours I got everything Id expect from a AAA title.Another reason I held off was the setting. Ive read loads of reviews saying how great it is to have a game set in ancient Egypt, presumably written by gamers too young to have lived through the early 00s swamp of city builders and 4Xs all set in Rome and Egypt. I loved those games and played them to death, but it didnt leave me with much enthusiasm for another formulaic franchise adopting the setting  a big part of me wanted to see Mesopotamia or South America, or even Greece wouldve been a bit different. But, of course, Egypt makes perfect sense for the AC Origins story, and it uses it very, very, well.The visualisation is simply spectacular, even if the double DRM chews up processing power that would be better used on maintaining the frame rate. As Im avoiding plot spoilers Ill just say that it makes great use of the setting and delivers everything it needs to, and its worth doing the side quests because many of them relate to it  although they dont influence, which I think was a missed opportunity.The sheer size of the world means a horse is essential, and this had me worried too because with the possible exception of RDR Im yet to find a game where I havent got annoyed by a clunky horse. However, Im pleased to say ACO has by far the best implemention of riding anything  its actually a joy to have a beer in one hand and just use the directional button to go wandering because your horse wont suddenly stop at a raised paving slab or decide to let you throw yourself off a cliff.And yep, in that wandering you do come across an awful lot of treasure sites and a good number of tomb crawls with extra bonuses tip worth spending time on these early on as one type give you big experience boosts. As others have said, this is the best implemention of the Ubisoft grind yet, but I felt it was hampered by too many of the side quests also feeling too much like fetch quests quite often to the same locations. Combat and experience are standard Ubisoft fare and nothing to complain about, but if like me you prefer brawlng to stealth my feeling is its still not up to Shadow of War or Batman standards, still just a bit too clunky for me but not enough to spoil the fun.So aside from the dogy DRM and the lootboxes which in fairness really dont add anything Im struggling to find anything I didnt enjoy, but at the same time I think it says something when one of highlights was the implementation of horse riding. So, having had time to digest ACO I think it boils down to a case of missed opportunities. The genre is crying out for something a bit different and not wacky as in Saints Row, etc and ACO was a perfect opportunity to shake up the classic open worlder. Instead, Ubisoft doubled down on the classic formula and have produced something epic in scale, but less so in ambition. 