Originally I was going to give this game a thumbs up, and I think if I hadnt tried to 100 the game, the main story, all side quests, locations, achievements and the such, that I would have given this game a good review, but its far to repetetive for me to recommend it.Like a lot of people, Im pleased to see this franchise have changes made to it, and I think theyre for the better. Having a skill tree adds a lot to the game, and the combat feels engaging while in past games it was loose and boring.That being said, I dont think this game was properly finished, even after taking a year to focus on development.The combat is a lot better, but its really wonky, and needs improving. The lock on system makes sense, but everytime I lock on to an enemy its never the one I meant, and often cant change targets due to the camera. And a lot of the time when Ive locked onto an enemy, the camera also locks, and so I cant move it to get a better angle to fight.The hacking and slashing is fine I guess, but its boring. There arent combos or anything, you just hit the button. On top of that, there are only like 6 weapons in the game, one for each weapon type. Every weapon of the same type has the same exact moveset, and that sucks. Usually, when fighting, you shield break and whack at the guy, and thats it. The execution moves are neat, but after I played the game for 50 hours, I found myself wanting to be able to disable them, because theyre arent very many different ones, and they take up time Id rather have to do other stuff.The super moves or whatever suck, because theyre just a free kill on someone, usually, and thats boring.Also, in Origins, you have gear that you use resources you collect to level up the gear or whatever. Its a grindfest to do, and its trash. I wish it just wasnt in the game at all, it feels like an absolute waste of time.The way they tackled leveling in this game sucked as well, I thought. If youre too underleveled for an area, enemies just one shot you, and that feels . Id rather they just be super challenging, but I have a chance to win if I really try.The way the perk tree works also irritated me, in that you have to unlock assassinating people, and while it makes sense for the way they implemented it, its silly. Its an Assassins Creed game, let me assassinate people for Christs sake.And on another note, the there is NO reason for the level cap to be 40. It should be 50 or 60, as when you hit the cap, you will NOT have filled out the skill tree. I found myself just not putting points into the skills I hadnt unlocked yet, because the ones I did have made me an unstoppable killing machine. If the level cap were higher, I would have actual incentive to continue to unlock everything in the skill tree.The parkour in this game is one of its WORST features. You hold up and hit a button sometimes. Its boring, and uninvolved. And a lot of the time when I mean to jump one way I go another, which results in Bayek plummeting from the skies and dying, which results in me not playing the game for a week. A lot of the time when I want to stealth through a base or something, and mean to climb on the ridge of a wall and pull a guard off and let him fall to his death, Bayek will usually just climb up onto the wall and get spotted by every guard who ever lived. The parkour in this game is just terrible, and infuriating.The naval combat in this game is locked really deep into the story for no reason. It should be one of the first things you can do. I got to the naval combat at about 70 hours, but granted, I was distracted by trying to do all the side content. If I were the average player, though, I think it still would have taken between 15 to 20 hours to reach it, and thats ridiculous.That being said, it doesnt really matter because the naval combat ing sucks.Sailing in a Trireme, I dont want to shoot guys with archers, I want to ram the ship and let hoplites board the enemy and fight them. It would be the coolest thing if you could like, go from ship to ship, melee fighting all along the way, but no. You just shoot and wait. And it controls like absolute garbage.The whole point of the historical Trireme ships was to ram other ships. In Origins, ramming just does damage to enemy ships, and you bounce off of them. Instead of being accurate and cool, it feels short handed and asinine.I think theres a missed opportunity here. Naval combat could have been so cool, and instead its nothing.Also, the War Elephant boss fights or w/e are just horrible. They are boring, and should be cool. I feel like you should be able to climb on them, have sword fights with the guys riding them, and shoot arrows down into the beasts skull, but no. You just dodge, and swing. With the way that theyve been designed, I would just rather they werent in the game at all.Story wise, I couldnt care less. The characters are so bland, poorly developed, and uninspiring that I found myself constantly forgetting peoples names just because I didnt care in the slightest who they were. Bayek is boring, and his wife is boring. The fact that they lost their son, and the Creed was formed because of that is boring. The use of historical characters in this game is poor, and guess what? Boring.A HUGE complaint that I have is the concern of Pompey. Historically, during his little conflict with Caesar, he retreats down into Egypt and is assassinated. I was expecting there to be a level for that, I was expecting him to be an interesting character, and I was expecting actual content. Instead, you go and find the guy dead, and he has like, 3 lines of dialogue. Hes on screen for like five minutes. It made me want to stop playing the game right then and there.And there are TOO MANY ING MONTY PYTHON QUOTES IN THIS GAME, where they have no buissness being. When things were getting serious, or something I was supposed to feel some kind of an emotion for was happening I instead felt nothing. I felt angry. I felt like they thought they were being clever in their writing, and instead they were being stupid and amateurish.The writing in this game is so basic and formulaic, that I hesitate in saying this game even has a story at all.And something that really gets under my skin are the micro transactions and timed events. This isnt an MMO, it is a 60, triple A game that is a singleplayer experiance. I dont want to have to log into the game to earn SPEACIAL LOOT, or have the option to buy outfits, especially when they add NOTHING to the game. If you play, and dont do a single one of the events, and dont buy any of the cosmetics/special weapons, you will have the same game experiance you would have if you did do those events or buy that stuff. It is literally just a money grab, and it makes me vomit.Speaking of a money grab, and this applies to more than just this game, I should never, EVER, have to preorder a game for 100. I shouldnt have to buy a season pass. How about instead of milking a single game for money you dont need, you just make another game, or cap yourself, because these trends make me want to kill myself.In conclusion, I dont understand why people are praising this game. I dont see the 9/10. Where I stand, Id give it maybe a 4, and thats on a good day. Origins probably means more to long time fans of the series, which I am not one of. The only other Assassins games that Ive played are 1 and 3, and I didnt finish those games for the same reason Im not going to finish this one. The writing is not impressive, or good, and the gameplay is too repetetive to warrant 100 hours of play time, or even me wanting to finish the main story. Towards the last half of the time that I spent with this game, I found myself becoming increasingly frusterated instead of having a good time.If you like this game, cheers to you, I just couldnt find the enjoyment in it. 