I have to say this is an absolutely fantastic game. I have always been a huge fan of adventure style games with fluid combat systems with an engaging enviroment. There is so much to explore and is a very easy game to immerse yourself into. One of the things really like about the game is the combat system. You also have the ability to lock onto targets which I never do but love the option for the times I have. The combat runs very smoothly and havent noticed anything I found odd or ways my intentions didnt reflect the actions my character performed. Leveling and gathering or items is very fluid and seems to parry along nicely with gameplay leading me to believe farming for items wont be that big of a problem and adventuring will consume most of my time.Something I do wish was improved but not sure if it could be done in an enjoyable way is the intelligence of AI characters. Sometimes guards will give up pursuits a little easy or lack the intelligence to charge once I start to draw my bow. They simply continue to slowly move forward depending on the situation. I have yet to find enemys with a difficulty similar to mine or have advance fighting tactics or adapting learning while fighting but that would be nice. When I am reffering to difficulty I dont mean neccessary how hard they hit or how much health they have, more as in how they fight.This is my first review I hope it was helpful to you, those were my pros and cons to this game. I honestly really enjoy the game and would reccomend it to anyone. There arent really any cons just personal things I wish were improved and the ability to play this game at your own pace even for someone that has mostly played multiplayer games his whole life can really enjoy the captivating and immersive like game Origins is. On a last note I really hope to find wars and battles throughout the game while adventuring. I have yet to find out but the ability to meddle in wars between kings/tribes/villages or something to the extend would add a whole new level to the game. 