Im actually quite surprised with how Assassins Creed Origins turned out. After Unity I decided to skip Syindicate because it just seemed to be Unity with the same old boring Assassins Creed formula. What changed for me this time? Well, they took their time with this one and gave the community a setting that was highly demanded. But that is just two things out of the biggest reason of all, they turned it into an RPG. For me, action RPGs have always been a replayed genre. Id replay Fallout New Vegas or The Elder Scrolls, to even Dead Island. However, this game may not be much in terms of replayable and what I mean is that some tasks can get really boring, specificly the crafting. Ive went through two too many Far Cry games in which I have to find, hunt, and kill some poor animals just to craft a quiver that can hold an extra 10 arrows.I can really appreciate the mix of RPG elements with a stealth adventure game. They have done pretty well with this, even though there are a couple of things that I have to complain about. 1st is that they removed the parkour down system which I thought was a great feature that was added into Unity. Id tend to find myself struggling to get down something because I have been so used to it. 2nd I cant throw smokes and when you dodge and attempt to assassinate someone you may end up using one smoke bomb. 3rd I have to go through the menu just to equip the tools I want. 4th I liked the cover system from Unity, it helped make assassinating targets easier. 5th the crafting is tedious.Those are some complaints I have about the game but it still doesnt take away the enjoyment I get out of it. I really enjoy Bayek as a character and his eagle Senu make a great team in a lot of situations. The stealth feels challenging, as it should be. I never really had instances where after alerting someone and taking them down, the entire place know where I am. Its just take that guy down and its back to stealth. I love the abilities, although it would interesting to see it exapanded upon in someway. Stealth has perhaps been better than most modern stealth genres besides Dishonored or something. It especially has been better for an Assassins Creed title which Im thankful for. You can choose to go in and hide bodies, picking people off one by one. Or go for a more aggresive stealth approach. There is also no penalty to XP if guards are alerted and they call for reinforcements like they had in Far Cry. This truly feels like a proper RPG experience that I am glad to play.The combat is perhaps the best combat I have felt in a video game. This also goes along with the challenging feeling it creates. Its no longer icons on heads indicating an on coming attack. Instead, they offered vareity for once. Which made it even better because you unlocked new combat abilities to add more variety to combat. I think that is one of the things that made it spark, you were able to freely control the situation and the amount of combat varieties you could do made it feel like every fight would be something new.Of course, there are some things that reallyme off about the game, but the Assassins Creed series has always done this. The voices of the random NPCs are so annoying! Especially the kids. But the music does make it better and more bareable.