This is a very borderline recommendation. The core gameplay is fun and the world is beautiful, but the content is shallow and uninspired, even outright annoying at times. I persisted to the end hoping for something to change, but that was a mistake. I recommend playing it until it gets dull and then moving on, unless you REALLY care about the origin story of the assassins.The world is vast and detailed. You can clearly tell that there was a lot of love and research in its design. There is a nice ingame photo feature that I used quite a few times because it is just that beautiful.The combat system feels intuitive and fun. It focuses a lot on positioning and the hitbox of your weapons moveset. You could say that its a simpler Dark Souls or a deeper Hellblade, in terms of combat.Finding loot is fun due to the varied types of weapons, which have their own unique movesets, and their 3 rarity tiers.The main gameplay loop is lots of fun. Its main hook is in using forts as little sandboxes where you have many options of approach, tagging enemies, sneaking by / killing them silently, killing one specific target, fighting your way through them if you get spotted, and so on.Characters are forgettable. Even the inclusion of historical characters is underwhelming, squandering glaring opportunities. No memorable villains either. The writing of the characters and their dialogue is very simple and onedimensional, almost juvenile. This aspect of the game clearly lacked love.The story is not engaging at all, and it drags on forever. After a moderately intriguing beginning, it gets dull for most of the time, with some very rare exceptions here and there. In its barebones, the main quest is just a matter of moving on to killing the next person on a list. Their crime? Being somehow involved in an event that caused grief to the protagonist, even though it was kind of an accident. There is connective tissue between these targets and the overall politics in the story, and between that and the AC universe, but all of it felt uninspired and very contrived. The only part of the story that I found interesting were some key historical events as seen from the perspective of the protagonist, but that had too little air time to really matter, and as I mentioned, the characters involved dont live up to the expectations.The game is quite grindy, forcing you to take time out of the main quest after each mission with bunch of side missions that you wont care about. The side missions are optional but you need to take some to reach the level required to progress. The problem is that after just a few, those side missions will feel like soulless time wasters. Theyre given by NPCs whose interactions with the player will end with each mission, which means that they cant develop as characters. In the end youll stop caring about the dialogue and just go through the motions while they recycle the same frameworks with different dressings, just so you can return to the story. Some of the missions end up in the fun part of killing someone in a fort, but unfortunately much of this game feels like its getting in its own way.No role playing potential. Linear quests. No dialogue options. No choice as far as character development or the story go.Other minor annoyances include suddenly downgrading your gameplay by putting you in control of characters with more limited gameplay options, and forcing you to play a ship battle mini game. These two grievances actually reflect the gameplay of the last story mission. Its like the game doesnt want you to have fun. 