Probably only 1015 hours of the total amount of time that was spent on this game were actually entertaining and to some extent educational there are interesting things to learn about Egypt and world history in this game.CONCEPT AND STORYConcept is great and its a very unique idea to set the game in Egypt, it totally works well with the whole Assassins vs Templars idea dating back so long.This game starts off good, and then you get further in the story, which turns out to be quite shallow for something as epic as this title is trying to portray. Towards the end of the main quest line the story becomes weaker, characters do not get developed properly and events are sped up at times. Waaay too much grind to get little bits of story. With such big budget game and studio, could have done a better writing job! Plot twists are predictable and its possible to get bored with the story before reaching level 20. However there is a great story chunk and a long mission towards the end of the game that picks interest up for a brief while only until the next mission.ARTAmazing! This game is a great piece of digital artwork! The scenery and authenticity of the world is superb! Really neat locations and good level design. I am very excited for the Discovery Mode to come out!!! UI is good though could have been slightly more customizable because there is a big jump between Light and Minimal, it would be better to keep markers but get rid of the top bar, instead of removing it all completely.GAMEPLAYVery rich gameplay experience with so many things to do. Even though both main and, especially, side quests are repetative, The game offers quite an outstanding freedom of choice in completing them. Fast travel is your king and cash is your ace! Buy maxed out version of this game to get additional points and equipment. It did save me a good number of hours of grinding to complete the game.TECHNICALTechnically the game is good but not great. It is a lot that the game handles with such big world and I give respect to that. The idea and implementation of frozeninaction character and camera rotation when an area loads is genius!There are some minor visual bugs here and there, a couple times, the horse mount or quest related stuff would pop out from nowhere or have no textures applied to them. There are lots of cutscene glitches! And the final cutscene failed with audiosync for 90 percent of its length.OVERALLBeautiful and rich world, fun to explore for some time. Shallow story, watered down with lots of XP grind and ruined with glitchy cutscenes. 