Unfortunately underwhelming Assassins Creed games are starting to become the norm. I got on the Assassins Creed bandwagon a little late, the first title I ever played was Unity and even with all its bugs on launch I really enjoyed it and was hooked. I have been a gamer for 10 years and Assassins Creed Origins is the first game I have ever felt the need to refund, and it really comes down to 4 reasons...1 Technical issues / bugs I play on PC and I am a Logitech surround sound headset user. Ive been waiting 2 weeks for the dialogue issue to be fixed. The workaround by disabling sound devices is quite annoying, and lets be honest, not really acceptable for a AAA title. Ive also run into bugs on a few missions that make it unbeatable and require me to restart, which just completely kills my immersion and enthusiasm about the mission.2 Fighting mechanics I cant really explain what it is about the fighting in this game, but it feels like I big step backwards from previous AC titles Unity being my personal favorite. I feel like Bayek and the enemies move unrealistically fast, and using a combination of the shield and other buttons to parry or heavy attack just feels clunky, though I will say I have fun using bows.3 Using Senu to spot enemies Again, something I liked about previous AC games that was altered, and in my opinion, made worse. On paper it seems like a good idea to get an aerial view of the area before you go in on an assault, but picking enemies onebyone and having to circle around the target area a few times takes a while, and youre bound to miss a couple no matter how well you check. Also, when it comes to caves or building interiors, Senu is completely useless and youre left in the dark. Im really shocked they didnt come up with some way to compensate for not being able to see in buildings. I like using Senu to spot animals for crafting materials, and even searching for objectives is okay, but I would have been happier if eagle vision was even still a little useful for spotting enemies, even if it had a shorter radius or something.4 Quest progression This one may be something that was present in other games, but it just seems more obvious in this game and I really dont like it... It seems like in this game there is a larger gap in required levels between main quests. Like in the beginning of the game, coming from the tutorial/introduction stuff youre around level 2, but the very first main quest you get in Siwa is recommended for level 5 so the only thing you can do is set the story aside and complete a few hollow side quests until youre 5. It feels more like Im crossing things off a laundry list than making any progress toward the ultimate goal in the story, and I find it very disengaging.To me this game feels like a chore to play, and I find myself pushing to play a little at a time just to get my moneys worth. Overall Im not satisfied with the game and I feel like my 60 would be better put toward another game that I find more enjoyable.