Assassins Creed Origins is one of them games people will never finish, rush to finish the main story or 100 it. Im happy to say I 100 the main game and have gotten all of the achievements for the DLC as well.The big part which people will always complain about is the performance because with Denuvo your CPU will almost max out usage well running this game. I can say first hand I couldnt even start the game in windows borderless because it spiked my CPU so high it that it would crash to desktop everytime well clicking new game. I played on 1080p and the only lag I could noticed was in the big cities when I was doing the synchronization points. I had around 55FPS in the Largest city well running the game on very high outside of a few settings on high and the game still looks amazing. If you can get passed some frame drops because you dont want to have a 2018 build gaming PC then you would enjoy yourself way more with this kind of game because with theses kind of graphics, comes some FPS drop.Now for the story, I dont want to spoil anything but some parts of the story felt really good well others felt boring and just dragged on. I was one of them people that was doing all the locations the moment I enter a new area which saved me a lot of time well doing the main story.  Some of the side quests stories are really fun and even shocking when you find out the outcomes of what happen. This made it a lot easier to move along with the main story when it feels dull at times. The ending I did enjoy but im probably one of the few who did. If you picked up the hidden ones DLC the ending does feel like its explained more and better which helps people accept the outcomes more. If you are planning to buy this just for the main story, you probably wont enjoy yourself as much.What do I wish they would add? Recruitments. The Hidden Ones DLC will tease this do the 2 side missions for the achievement to see what I mean which just makes you wish they added this to the main game. You meet some pretty interestingbadass around the map that it would of been nice to have it so you could recruit them and have the option to bring them along for support. Another thing I would also like to see is upgradable bases with for money or even have it so you have to go around to areas of the map to get parts like in Mad Max? I doublt it will happen but atleast they know people want it.Overall, I say give this game a shot. Sure you might need a beast of a computer to run the game on max, but if you are looking for a open world game you can put your time into or rush it and move on with a lot of missions and locations to visit, this game is worth it 100 at full price.10/10