After 70 hours and countless sidequests later, I can finally say that this game just doesnt ing end. When a new ACtitle comes out I always jump on it with little to no hype and no high expectations. I just play the story and... Done! I went in on AC Origins the exact same way. And I usually complete the game within 24 hours of playtime. However, after about 67 hours of gameplay, I started to understand that this is no ordinary ACtitle. It actually shocked me how much more RPG alike the series has become.I hadnt really taken a full look at the game map until about 6 or 7 hours in. And that was when I fully understood that this is so much more than a storybased game. Upon discovering that I also got introduced to the leveling system. It kind of forces you sometimes to explore the world more and thus leading to more sidequests!What I also love about the game is that is so damn versatile! You can hunt resources to craft better armor and weaponry upgrades, here and there you may find some minor unmarked quests and animal attacks. You want to infiltrate a for?! Fine, choose your playstyle, go full on Rambostyle or take it the sneaky way. Also, the feature of having an eagle to scout out where enemies are and also resources is so much more fun. It makes it easier for the player to navigate the map.Id like to add that this is the first ACtitle I get on PC. In the past Ive always got it on my Xbox 360/Xbox One because many people stated that the PC version was unplayable because of various bugs. I dont know if that was true, but when it comes to Origins I cant say the same. After 70 hours of gameplay Ive experienced no game breaking bug, sure Ive experienced a few texture bugs here and there and my horse getting stuck in places, but nothing game breaking, no.Lastly, Id like to discuss the major cons of the game. As for the game itself I can only strongly recommend it to anyone who wants to play a new AAAtitle this fall/winter. However there is one major con. System requirements. I run on a very powerful rig, a 1080Ti GPU and a i74690K CPU. It should according to the system requirements be enough. However Ive still experienced major FPSdrops mostly in cutscenes, although this might only have to do with unopitimized support for various drivers it still impacts the gameplay experience. For those with not as powerful rigs you should take the requirements with a grain of salt.In conclusion. The game is awesome. However the requirements for the game is above what many have and even if ones requirements go over that there might be some FPSdrops. 9,5/10.