Although Ubisoft did a lot to shake up the AC franchise, it wasnt enough. Its a decent game, but this game doesnt have an aim mechanically it tries to be stealth, hackandslash, and RPG all at once.Stealth feels same as ever. AI is dumb, but seems to know where you are at all times. Hence, ACO never really finds a good balance of stealth elements.I like the change to a hitbox based system, but it just doesnt have enough depth.I always welcome weapons and armor with stats in open world games. You can find daily quests to get guarenteed rare weapons and armor. I think its a decent compromise for loot crates.The strongest quailty of ACO is its openworld. It is absolutely fantasic. There are different biomes like oasis and desertand plateau, and they look gorgeous. Its a shame that people living in this open world fail to exert any form of presense they repeat the same line were innocent, and get shocked when you pass by them.If the Barron Arc of W3 is 10/10, this barely gets 2 points. It is absolute trash there is no choice, it all boils down to either i kill everyone in this area OR ii retreive my animal/item from this area OR both. There is no character development, there is no end goal, there is not a single memorable quest where I felt motivated by the story of characters giving me the mission. Side quests must be joy to play, here they are solely there as a padding to make you grind and level up. Is there a loot crate which levels you up instantly?I thought hidden blade is a guarenteed kill, but here they decided to RPGify it as well. It feels uncalled for. Moreover, some enimies are hard coded to minimize upgraded hidden blade damage mainly some bosses forcing you to engage in combat. I guess some people can survive a blade through their throat.Furthermore, the hidden blade wasnt invented by the first assassin. In all its deus ex machina glory, ACO just gave Bayek the first assassin the hidden blade. Seriously, his wife comes along and gives him the hidden blade no backstory, no origin oh, the irony. absolutely nothing....just give it to him.There is no minimap! You use your eagle Senu to scout the map for enimies, treasures, animals, civilians, objectives, and hidden paths. It is really well done and integrates seemlessly with the game.Its a joy if you like hunting in Far Cry and a pain if you hate hunting in Far Cry. Hunting is required for upgrades. The requirements are not balanced at all by level 30, youll need some 50  50 items to upgrade that is about 50 animals you need to hunt. You can bypass the hunting by looting the soldiers transporting the required items, but by end game it  becomes a necessity because hunting becomes impractical.Im level 30 game ends at 40 right now, but nothing major in terms of AC lore took place. Same old genericplot of someone killed my son, lemme kill anyone who was remotely related to that incident. I wanted to see some major action and lore behind the formation of this secrct brotherhood, but nothing so far.I would only recommend this game for the excellent depection of ancient Egypt. In almost evert other aspect ACO is a pretty medicore game. Sad thing is that given more time at least one more year Ubisoft could have actually added a story, improved the combat, and given the NPCs some personality. It feels like all their resources went towards making this world look good.2/5 dunkyscale. 