Time to Beat 88 Hours  Without DLCDifficulty Nightmare.Well! Thats it I guess, WE FINALLY DID IT  YAY!!!  Assassin Creed Origin 100  All Location Discovered / All Side Quest Done / All Main Quest Done / EVERYTHING IS DONE  is finally completed  well! Except the DLC which is still left to  . It took me a while to do it but WOW! What an ride it was. So Here My review for Assassin creed OriginPros ASSASSIN CREED IS BACK YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!!!, From the last 4 Years, After the  Assassin creed IV Black Flag  The Assassin creed series has been going downhill, from Unity been an just an diseases, And Syndicate been ok. Everyone though Assassin creed series is just done for, Right!, WELL GUESS WHAT. From the Directors of Black flag  Jean Guesdon and Ashraf Ismai  comes Assassin creed Origin and Oh Man! This game took people by surprise Story is interesting, Violent at times and emotional at lot of point, theses elements never happened in Unity or even in Syndicate. The Main Characters  Bayek  is interesting and you when playing really want to know his story and whats he going to do next? Soundtrack is Not the Best of Best  Like my winners in GOTY 2017 Nier or Wolfenstein  BUT its still Great and Awesome. The Gameplay is indeed Improved.. That eagle for reconnaissance is a nice thing. Nearly as much fun as the drone in Wildlands as its more passive The Open World  Egypt  is a beautifully realized setting, showing off distinct cultures and activity.. Assassin creed Origin have some great Incredible visual and fidelity that possess great detail.. OH! If you are looking for a game with Great graphics  like a lot do  WELL! This game is for you than, Assassin creed Origin have Great Graphics. Cats will follow you curiously and you should not...errr...kill them, because theyre sacred. Yesyes, so Ive heard, I would never try of course  You can have your mount autorun just following the street or navigating to your waypoint. While doing that you can call your eagle and watch yourself riding or scout the area or whatever. SURPRICINGLY!! AC Unity or Syndicate had no Interesting Sidequest missions BUT MAN! AC ORIGIN have Plenty of noteworthy and memorable sideevents and missions, almost like Witcher 3 have.  And yes! i will always compare good games with Witcher 3 probably  The Ending! Which I absolutely do not want to spoil anything setup the Old assassin creed story and stuff Perfectly  Especially Assassin creed 1 and 2  The 4 DRM they pasted to protect from piracy  Steam, Uplay, Denuvo and VMProtect  Which failed and AC Origin is already cracked  puts up so much Pressure on GPU and CPU and there temperature goes to 100 degree C, I had to change my setting to medium and play on 30 FPS to keep them cool, you can still play at 100 degree C temperature, it just going to damage your laptop / PC Some Regions and areas in AC Origin are just simply disappointing sparse As assassin creed games are basically history, Origin have very less historical characters  Only 3 in game  Any game having Microtransaction is just simply Bad Idea Well! We know that Every Assassin creed game have glitches and Bugs, will this game also have it.  Some can be ignored while other are BAD, JUST SIMEPLY BAD. Some multiplayerelements like in Shadow of War Avenge some random peoples death. Nice for a lil extra XP, but a real immersionkiller. Why? Avenge the death of Destroya69. Some people have poetic tags... It can become a bit grindy. But only if intend on maxing out your gear and upgrade it all. Then youll spend a lot of time gathering resources. It doesnt force you into the shop though, as you dont need it all. And if you enjoy the game, a bit of grinding is no grinding at all. Speaking of grinding. If you grind the game at the start. The Ending of the game kind of feels like it was rushed IMO, And the last part of game is more based on Aya than the main character  Bayek  Too much random repeating and repating chatter from random people in a language most of us dont understand anyway. Can get quite annoying when riding through a city and every goddamn NPC talks some stuff to you. I MEAN whats their problem?  Actually thats the worst thing in the game, I wonder how no one in QA complained about it...FINAL VERDICK 8 / 10   Great Assassin Creed Origin is an Great game to the people who love this series and love to just kill people from rooftops, It is a worth to buy and play in In My Option, NOW GO GET IT.