As far as performance goes I know a lot of people have been upset at the CPU usage and its true. For me it keeps my CPU running at anywhere from 70 to 100. Despite this, the performance hasnt been bad for me  Ive experienced little stuttering and fps hovers around 40 with dips into the 30s on high settings 1080p. So far its been a mostly smooth experience and Ive had one crash during my 8 hours of play. For reference, Im running on a laptop with a gtx 1050ti and I7 7700hq.If you are on the fence because of the whole DRM hogging the CPU thing, and your system falls between or exceeds the minimum to recommended specs, I will cautiously recommend it. I think Steam will give you a refund if youve played less than two hours, so you can get your money back if its not working well for you.Im not 100 sure about that so verify before you purchaseEditI finished the game with 46 hours in and I have a few more thoughts on this. First of all I want to say that the more I played this the more I enjoyed it. The gameplay is much improved from Syndicate IMO. More challenging, more sophisticated, more varied, and also more fun. There are a LOT of quests to do and they are pretty well done.Pretty much the only issue I have with the game is the story. It advances the series more than the previous games, but its messy and poorly done. It fails make you invested, and the worst part is IT HAD POTENTIAL. There was a wealth of interesting history in this period, but the way its handled in the game is just utterly sloppy. So many things happen without context, new characters appear out of nowhere and they are suddenly supposed to mean something. So many times things happen in the story and Im left thinking wait, what happened between this and this? It feels rushed, like they were planning more but had to cut it. The ending had one of the most important and iconic events in classical history, but it was done SO poorly.Ill still recommend for the gameplay, but prepare to be dissappointed by the story. 