There are as many Assassins Creed games as there are pyramids in Egypt, but only a few stand out like the Great Pyramid such as this game.Now that I came up with a clever analogy, its time to seperate this game from the rest of the Assassins Creed Series and what makes it such a breath of fresh air like Assassins Creed II and BF. First, this game is different from the regular Ubisoft openworld gotta catchem all with how it handles exploration. In this game you explore the Greek, Roman and Egyption empires and can tell the difference between each empire through theyre architecture. Egypt is sandy and made of literal cobbeled together sticks as wood was a valuable resource, Greek architure has more artistic finese than the Roman, whos buildings are stark white and monumental. Theyre treasure chests you have to find, but you can use your pet bird, Senu, to find them as the map lables locations with objectives and collectables.Now that I mentioned Senu, I can safely transistion to gameplay as you wouldnt be able to recognize this game from the rest of the series if it didnt have Assassins Creed in the name. Combat is extremely different as you can weild multiple weapons classes such as swords, spears, dagger and giant golden hammers along with a sheild and 4 types of bows. Except for the hidden blade for some reason. Its quick and exciting as you face mutliple enemy types such as regular grunts, giant dudes and grunts on horseback, except they shoot you with arrows. There are a handful of boss battles, but that makes you savor them as each one is unqiue in its comat style and enviroment. You can now traverse the enviroment alot easier now as you no longer jump in illogical ways that result in the enemy having a good view of an unlucky assassin and you no longer have to hold shift as you run, instead you press a button that determines whether Bayek walks or runs.Bayeks story is the story of the second assassin in history, even though it says Origins, the first Assassins was actually in Persia. I wont spoil any of it, but its deeply personal for Bayek rather than him killing people because thats what assassins do. Its explains all the customs of the assassins such as why the ring finger with the hidden blade is chopped off and then cauterized with hot prongs, why you collect the blood of the people you assassinate, why they have such a massive bird fetish and the origin of the symbol. You can play as 2 others characters, Aya who takes place during the same time as Bayek and Layla whos reliving both memories in the future. You cant switch to Aya like you could in Syndicate, but you can switch to Layla and leaves the animus. Theres only a handful of times the game forces you to leave the animus for plot reasons, but you can leave anytime you want if you want to explore your location.And yes, there is naval combat, no there are no sea shanties so stop asking about the sea shanties and no you cant engage in naval comat anytime you want, its only for plot reasons. Its hardly worth mentioning as theres only about 3 naval combat battles. Now I need to somehow poorly transisition to talking about stealth. Its very similar to MGS VTPP, where youre giving the largest openworld in assassins creed history with forts scattered around for you to infiltrate in your own way. Each one has multiple entrances and ways to take out enemies such as beserk/sleep darts, releasing animals/rebels to kill your enemies, one of your several bows or you can go full on ghost. You use Senu as literal eagle vision, except with everything being blue, Senu flys and marks eneies, weapon placements, chests, targets or possible animals/slaves to be released and can be upgraded to harrass enemies. You cant cover kill enemies like in previous games, but parkour in the game is so well refined that you dont have to hide behind a chestheigh wall as you crouch.Did I just say upgrades? Yes, you can upgrade/unlock skills with skill points you unlock by leveling up or exploring certain locations. There are 3 skills trees hunter, warrior and seer. Hunter is for bow and Senu upgrades, warrior is melee because what else and seer is for micellanious upgrades. You can also upgrade your gear to increase your health and damage as well as weapons. You upgrade your weapons level to your current level at a blacksmith and these weapons are divided into tiers that you see in a common RPG in order of rarity white, blue, purple and gold. To upgrade gear you need supples by either killing animals, picking loot from places/enemies or hunting enemies carrying certain supplies by using Senu to find them.Finally, I should mention that it uses 91 of my CPU on average at around 60 FPS. Whether this is due to triple DRM is now known, but dont play this game and download porn at the same time if you dont have a fire extinguisher nearby. This game is different from any other AC game, but that shouldnt deter you, rather it should entice you as its a fresh starts, almost like a reboot. As an AC fan, I deeply enjoyed this game and will wait patiently for future expansions. In the meantime Ill be listening to this games soundtrack.