I thought I was done with Assassins Creed. As a player from the very first game on 360 to Syndicate on PC I was getting increasingly bored with the AC flavour. AC3 was dull, Black Flag was decent, Unity was buggy as hell, and Syndicates missions bored me with 2 hours of starting, I couldnt play that any longer.So after a 2 year gap ACO appeared and against my better judgement I bought it, and have loved every second Ive spent with it. Its like they have actually looked at how to freshen up the series for the first time since its inception. New combat system, which has divided players, but I much prefer the kinda Dark Soulsy style of it over the counter attacking dull style the series has had since its start. Senu  a bird you can control, much like many games drones, but you can fly it for as long as you want, as far as you want. No feathers, or other collectible nonsense. There is a lot of stuff to find and do in this game, but it doesnt involve searching every nook and cranny of every house looking for feathers / pidgeons / whatever. And it is the better for it. Map is almost completely open from the start, meaning you can wander into new areas when it suits you, even if it means getting your butt handed to you. RPG style levelling. Its a nice addition, and having zones that are grouped by level gives you an idea of an areas challenge. I have some issues with the balancing in practice of this system, but its a good direction I think, and a good first stab at it in AC. Map  As with all Creed games its huge, but the environment is simply breathtaking. Gorgeous vistas at almost every point in the game, a beautifully realised Egypt. Even the barren deserts are lovely, though not so much when the hallucigenics kick in. Main Character  Bayek is a hard with a real nice back story, and a warm enough heart he can stop to help people, play with kids, pet cats! Not a grumpy sod like Connor, but still a man with a purpose. Best character since Ezio. Interesting Quests  Not all of course, but many, even if short, have interesting back stories to them, and emotional notes which are struck with varying levels of success. The attempt at better writing is clear for the most part. Traversal  nothing is sluggish any more. Climbing, swimming, using horses / camels feels smooth and quick. Riding by horse is easy with an option to auto ride to a target, and even lets you use the bird in the air while you see Bayek on the ground making his way. Those badass dudes that make the horn blow   you will know who Im talking about, and you will jump the first few times that horn blows. Taming animals  yeah I know a few Ubi games have this, but when you tame a Lion, and guide it to an alligator...well the photo ops are great! Less rubbish implementation of AAA Loot Boxes that others  OK Ill admit, I REALLY hate loot boxes. And this game has it for cosmetic items, weapons and armour. So why include here? Well you can easily buy them with in game gold you earn, and even do missions for the dude in the market every day and get a chest reward for free. I got an eshop item yesterday Mummy Costume just by doing a quick 5 minute mission. So, sucks they are in here, but its a million miles away from Battlefront 2 and the rests level of skullduggery.Yes, the performance issues were there at the start, but its been getting patches pretty frequently, and is playable on medium settings at 1080p on a i7 4770k, 16gb ram,  GTX 780 Nvidia PC with 5055fps. More modern hardware should obviously do better.Im loving this game, and I honestly never thought I would say that about a Creed game again. Kudos to Ubisoft for really trying to do new things with this old franchise, its better for it, and the extra years development. 