Well! it looks like Ubisoft actually took time with this installment of the Assassins Creed franchise! the question is... did it save the franchise? find out in this review!first i will talk about the story! SPOILERS AHEADthe story.. is actually really good once you really pay attention to whats going on! you are Bayek of Siwa! and for the first time in Assassins Creed hIstory, you play as a black male! i know about Adewale in Freedom Cry but that was DLC and he has a Wife named Ava, and gawddayum, she bad af.. ahem, so you are seeking to avenge your sons death, and this game goes so far to the point where you will see Children die! two of them! one where a child drowns in water, and Bayeks son! Ubisoft were upping the Shock factor with this story! and the story for when you get out of the animus, is never really all that fleshed out, most likely DLCand really, you just kill bosses, and the entire story is about revenge and the creation of the Creed in Egypt which surpised me because as i was playing, i was wondering if you ever encounter the Creed, but apparently in the end, you and Ava create one in Egypt!Gameplay! its... a bit Iffy, because the game wants you to push and hold all these buttons to fight properly, and trying to change the layout, messes up the controls, most of the time, you often forget which button does what, so it does take some getting used to, leveling up takes a while as you are forced to do other missions that are higher than your level, and enemies unfairly kill you if seriously underleveled, so take EVERY chance to level up as quick as you can! Weapon types are back and you can choose which one fits your style of combat, hunting animals are really cool, and can be used to make armor and capacity for other arsenal!the Outfits in the game arent all that great aside from the Mummy, Altair and Ezio, also Sekhmets Costume and Isu Armor, which you have to collect stuff in order to get itthe Map is the biggest yet in this game, in fact, i havent even discovered most of Egypt!the Parkour, is well... one button, no, i am actually serious, you just have to hold the A or X and run up stuff, they just simplifed the best feature in the franchise and made it one button, why?overall, what do i have to say about this? i like it, but had the combat been more easier to do and the parkour expanded, this could have been a really good game, its alright to say the least, i would give it a 7/10, this is possibly the lowest score i could give to a Triple A game like Assassins Creed, if you liked or wanted a game set in this time period, go ahead! play to your hearts content! i just beat the story like an hour ago, its cool, but the story is something that should have been thought more about, thank you for reading! 