Loot boxes suck, there is no denying that. Aspects of this game were definitely tweaked to direct players into buying them.The shinying positive that saves this game though, is that the loot just kind of sucks overall. Aside from DPS or bleeding effects, you wont ever see a big gain in better loot. This doesnt excuse their efforts to push them in the players face all of the time, but if you are of the personality that can ignore them pretty well, you wont have any big gains from buying them.The story doesnt really push into any new boundaries that havent been explored in past games, Bayek is a decent character though and isnt just another reskin of Ezio that has plagued this series for a while. Less snark all of the time, but not completey humorless.Egypt in the game is gorgeous. There are a lot of report of performance drops based on what CPU you have, in order to not see any frame drops you essentially need an 8 core cpu from what I have seen in benchmarks. My Ryzen 1700X and Geforce 1080 never drops below my 60FPS vsync max detail, however my monitor is only 1080p so take that as you will.The gameplay is mostly the same, but kind of improved kind of worsened. The combat sucks, AC has never had deep combat, but before they never really tried. This game DOES try, and it uses hitbox based combat like you would see in the Souls series, but it is sloppy and way too easy to cheese stagger. Combat after a few skill upgrade devolves into the same routine, shield dash to break block, combo into a stagger, dodge roll to gain distance and repeat. A few boss battles add scenarios to try and diversify, but the combat engine is too limited to really get complex or need pattern analysis.What has been improved however is the decluttering of the map. The are still towers to climb, but the amount of mindless icon activities have been significantly scaled back, and the content that is in the game feels like more effort was put into it. It isnt Witcher 3 levels of side content, but that is what they were trying to acheive and mostly succeeding. The end result is still go here, kill this, come back a lot of the times, but it doesnt feel like it as they add enough story beats to mask it.Anyways, I say go ahead and buy it if you are a fan of the series. Maybe wait for a sale, and stay away from the in game purchases, but it is a fun experience.