The Assassins Creed franchise and I have a love/hate relationship. I loved the earlier iterations, but just like most of the rest of the fanbase I became tired with the formula Ubisoft has stuck with for so long. Because of that, I havent played any of the games in the franchise since Black Flag, which I enjoyed. As Origins released I paid no mind to it, assuming it was the same old Assassins Creed. I was very wrong. The extra year in development that Ubisoft has taken really paid off, Origins is a breath of fresh air. You can tell that the development team looked at other successful open world games and took ideas from them and created their own version of said ideas. Theres heavy inspiration from games like The Witcher 3, Metal Gear Solid V, Zelda Breath of the Wild, and Dark Souls, and thats not at all a bad thing. Ubisoft has managed to reboot the franchise without losing the fundamental core of an Assassins Creed game, and thats something to praise them for.The story begins with you playing as Bayek, in the region of Siwa, Egypt. Not too long into the story, the main character and his wife Aya are stricken with a family tragedy, thus fueling his/their motivation for revenge. Its not a terrible story, and its moved along quickly at a fast pace, too fast sometimes. The first few hours arent very exciting, youre thrown into the middle of this story with little to no explanation until the game decides it wants to feed you piece by piece. Once you meet some of the other characters it really starts to shine. Meeting historical figures such as Cleopatra, Julius Caesar, and a couple other noteworthy ones really helped to fuel my motivations for continuing. Thats not to say that there isnt much motivation to continue if you dont have an interest in Egypt or the historical figures, I was very much attached to Bayeks story, especially because of how human he feels. Bayek is a very likable protagonist, he is easily my favorite since Ezio. The voice actor did a phenomenal job portraying emotion through him, making his character more believable. Aya, his wife, is also very well done. Although shes not as strong of a character in my opinion as Bayek. Maybe thats because she doesnt have as much screen time as he does. Because this game is the Origins story, you dont really need to have played the other games in order to enjoy this one, and by the time Origins was over, I wanted more.Gone is the button mashing into counters that has been the entirety of Assassins Creed combat since the beginning, and here enters the Zelda BotW/Dark Souls combat. Inside of combat, it feels fresh yet familiar. Having played the Soulsborne franchise religiously this combat system made me feel right at home. Its your standard block/parry/dodge and heavy/light attacks with different variations of both with different executions depending on what weapon used and what type of attack was used as the finishing hit AND what type of enemy it was used on. The combat is simple on the surface, but has added depth the more you get into it. Its not perfect however, I found the lockon system to be quite frustrating sometimes. It works beautifully when you have one or two enemies in front of you. But if you are facing 3 or more enemies I found that its better to not even try to use it. Killing enemies, completing quests and locations, and hunting rewards you with XP. You now level up in Assassins Creed, making Origins the first in the franchise to technically be an RPG. Theres an enormous talent tree with three branching directions for different playstyles. Outside of combat, you are free to explore a very large section of Egypt as you please. There are hundreds of locations to complete, and dozens of quests, all of which give you XP, gear, crafting materials, currency, and tidbits of lore that delve deeper into the history of Egypt, something that a lot of people dont really know. The parkour aspect of the franchise is here and stronger than ever. Everything can be climbed, everything. Animations are silky smooth and Bayek runs, vaults, jumps, lands, and climbs with grace. The movement has always been satisfying in these games, but in Origins its at an all time high.My system specs include a GTX 1070 OC, Ryzen 1700x and 16GB of RAM, because of this I was able to run the game on ultra at a consistent 7090 fps, dipping down in the largely populated cities of course to between 5060 fps. The game is absolutely gorgeous, the best looking open world game in my opinion Ive ever played. Egypt is a marvel to look at. I watched a documentary on how Ubisoft made Origins and one of the artists said that their goal was to make every single moment look like a painting. Its safe to say that they nailed it, and they know it. Theyve included a photo mode in game where you can pause and move the camera around, change filters, add depth, saturation, film grain, all sorts of different effects to make the phot youre taking look even better. There is so much detail in every square foot of this game. I struggled to find much of any reused assets aside from the NPCs. Each zone has a vastly different feel, the towns and villages are all inhabited by NPCs that go about their own business and actually live their lives, or they create the illusion that they do. Every single moment of the game you will be constantly in awe of how beautiful and detailed the world is. I remember being impressed with the detail of the first BioShocks environment, how there was so much littered around everywhere. The environment told individual stories and it felt like a real place inhabited by real people. Ubisoft has managed to create an open world game with the attention to detail of a linear game. As with most open world games, you are bound to run into some glitches. Thankfully, I didnt experience a lot of them, mostly due to the fact that I played the game a few months after release. There are some odd glitches here and there though, animals and people sometimes fall from the sky, ragdoll effects on bodies sometimes dont act like a body should, and Bayeks freerunning sometimes pushes you in directions and leaves you performing movements that you didnt mean to. Ive also had the game crash twice on me with almost 100 hours played time, so thats not too bad. Overall, its very polished.The immersion of exploring Egypt with the sounds of wildlife, people, and environmental sounds proves to be very real. Footsteps sound differently depending on what you are stepping on, and what armor you are wearing. Combat sounds of metal and iron clashing with flesh sounds as visceral as you might imagine. Wildlife such as lions, hyenas, and crocodiles all roar and growl with ferocity. Even Bayeks voice is muffled when covered or echoes when wearing a mask. The same attention to detail in the visual department carries over to the sound, adding to the entirety of the immersive experience and makes playing this game with headphones a real treat. Voice acting is also well done, especially from Bayek. His character is brought to life through his voice. NPCs use the same dozen voices, so after a long period of play you might start to notice the same voices being used. The music does its part, it mixes original scores from past titles with an egyptian vibe and creates quite a few memorable pieces.Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed my time with Origins, more so than with any other game in the series. Its not perfect, as no game really is, but what is here is worthy of acknowledging. The side quests can become slightly repetitive, and although the microtransactions arent pushed onto the player, its still annoying that theyre there. What is here is a brilliant reboot of a dying franchise. 