Lemme start off by saying theres much to be said and im lazy so im not gonna say it.Yep. That made youinterested in my review didnt it?Pros Seriously awesome graphics to all those who say that the gamehave awesome graphics but somehow the lack of facial details or the notsorealness of them makes it look sorta fake, well, if any of you know a bit about modelling characters that are to be used in games, youll know that they have a size limit and a face limit. In lay mans words, the more the facesill explain below what i mean by faces here, the larger the size. So now theres like a LOT of npcs in the game by default, not to mention the ones that randomly spawn in and around you as bandits or bronze/iron/cedarwood carriers. Youll need a MONSTER of a graphics card/processor if you wannna render those without a lag, and also, the game size will shoot up to somewhere close toor north of 120gb.Now, coming to faces in any charactercreation software that you might usewell in most of them atleast, like Maya, Blender, etc.., each shape you create is basically a polygon in 3 dimensions. As we all know, polygons have sides, and edges. These sides are called faces. The more they are, the more rounded the figure looks and the more space it takes up on your HDD.So ya, basically, the current level of facial detail is the best the can manage by prioritizing optimal performance.Really good combat mechanics. Some say its broken, but then again, you can only expect so much from ubi coz in the previous versions of AC, you just press Ecounter and thats it, fight won. In here, you need to have atleast a bit of skill because firstly, you needa get a lock on your opponentthat, or be good enough to keep rotating your fov and keeping him in your screen at all times and not missing a swing/powerattack at him. After that, just spamming the attack key doesnt help, nor does holding the block key do anything substantial. You needa keep dodging, hitting, kiting, and not missing power attacks to actually win a fight against a good opponent. Also, you cant just waltz into a high level area and assasinate the entire region with your hidden blade. All of the above was said assuming youre playing at high difficulty. On easy, itll just be one power attack and half boss hp gone. Or something along those lines.Removal of minimap adds to immersion  Pretty selfexplanatory here.Taming animals is fun, atleast early game. Setting a hyena and senu on a tower shield guard while you roam around him in plain sight without aggroing him is pretty satisfying.ConsNO MULTIPLAYERApart from that I didnt really find any con that really disrupts your gameplay or immersion or makes you dislike the game in anyway. But thats just me.tldr Just buy it. Its worth it. Long as youve played atleast the past 3 versions of AC.UPDATE  Buy it now for getting the most out of the game coz the trial of the gods is a limited time online event thats currently going on. It also has an awesome reward. 