Pros Absolutely massive  First impressions, this game is huge! Reminds me a bit like Witcher 3 with its layout of the land The seamless transitions from desert/farm/city/small towns into lakes/rivers/small bodies of water and, of course, the remote islands the boat mechanics in particular are nearly identical to Witcher 3. Lots of areas to explore and tons of sights to see. Coming from AC Syndicate skipped Unity, its nice to see something beside the monotous city wall boundaries. Grindy  yup, expect lots of grind. Tons of side quests, areas to explore, animals to hunt, bandits to expunge, camps to conquer, etc. Each ramps up in difficulty and also helps that XP counter inch higher. Mounts  youll be able to mount/ride more things than just horses. A welcome addition to a rather stale mechanic lets be real, you could ride horses since AC 1! It was a time for some additions. Movement  no surprise here, solid transitions from walls, cliffs, tall buildings, mounts, etc. If its one thing that has stayed relatively good is that, for the most part, you shouldnt have too many movement animation hiccups Combat  a welcome refresh from the standard combat system. Unfortunately, this mechanic may polarize the AC community, since it deviates from that standard. For me, its better not great, but definitely an improvement. Customizations  you can purchase with game coin different outfits to mix up the 3rd person view. Also, the ability to upgrade and extend the life of your weapon versus constantly looting/killing for a better weapon is appreciated. Performance  been getting some consistent framerates 3550 FPS depending on the area All settings Ultra/High at 3840x2160 running on a single Titan X Maxwell, not the newer Pascal.Neutral Side quests  they can be a bit too familar sometimes. Perhaps some other activies beside fetch quests would keep it more entertaining/engaging. Death soldiers/animals  not sure what theyre called, but they have dont have a level above their heads, but instead a skulllike symbol above it. This particular UI indicator is a bit annoying in that it doesnt give you ANY idea of their skill level. If theyre a level 40, show 40. No need to mask it with a generic symbol. If theyre going to kill me with one or two hits, show me what LEVEL killed me in one or two hits.Cons Microtransactions  in your face microtransactions. Although I havent bought anything, the fact that it was pushed ingame and in the menu, became a bit of a nuisance. WE DONT NEED NO STINKIN PAYTOPLAY. So, just... stop. AI Detection and the UI  sometimes they can spot me from 100200m way through walls/tents/brush. Incredibly strange, but thankfully doesnt happen too often. However. one thing I liked about the previous AC games was the detection indicator, where it was clearly visble which AI spotted you. This particular UI offered ingame just doesnt do that good of a job when it comes to detection. For example, youll see bright white spots on the corners of your screen that indicate enemy placement, but sometimes it conflicts with the sun/moon shine. Or, youll get the sound/animation of being spotted, but it wont indicate where it came from. In short, the UI doesnt feel familar to its predecessors, and therefore not a fan of it. Slow startup time  not sure if its just me or the fact that Im launching through Steam, but it takes about at least 45 seconds every single time to load up the ingame start screen 30 seconds of that time staring at my desktop waiting for the game to launch. Bugs  yup, theyre are bugs. See below.Bug report After 8 hours of playing, I got my first lock up. It happened shortly after I met Aya. To avoid any spoilers, it happened in a relatively large shipping dock area. I was cruising around with Senu scoping out the terrain, when the game locked up. Tried alttabbing, but no dice. Had to kill the game via task manager Update Went back and replayed this area again and no lock up this time. Audio  I was getting a crackling/hissing noise during one of my play throughs. I got so annoyed that I had to quit the game to the desktop and reload it for the audio issue to go away. Movements  on rare ocassions my character would get stuck on objects. Just pulled out my bow/sword and wiggled around a bit and broke free. Not that big of a deal.Other thoughtsSo far Im enjoying the game. Still too early to tell if its something Ill play through to the end, but definitely going to continue playing and updating this review with anything new good or bad.Current recommendation after 8 hoursBuy it! But! Wait to buy it. The game has some gamebreaking bugs and some reports from other reviewers that it doesnt even launch. Perhaps wait a week or two before pulling the trigger. 