Really good AC game. The world is huge, but that just amounts to more time spent running from map icon to map icon.The side quests are more fleshed out with reoccurring characters, but only a few of those characters are memorable at all.I understand why people prefer the combat here over previous AC games, but its still extremely easy. So since the challenge still isnt really there, I prefer the old, fluid combat with tons of enemies surrounding you. And I miss the double hidden blades.The RPG mechanics arent that great, I got to max level about halfway through my time with this game. Although I was going around doing everything there is to do.Ok, Ive just been dogging on this game throughout this review, but its still the same old AC to me. Its good, I like the AC games. The world looks great, theres tons of stuff do. Its extremely addicting to just run around and complete all the map icons until theres none left.Stealth is really fun because its so easy. If you see a group of enemies, you can run at them at full speed and have your entire stealth strategy formulated by the time you reach their area of awareness. Theres not much need to wait around watching enemy patterns or anything like that. You can keep moving at a brisk pace and stealth kill a lot of people without much thought or worry about getting spotted.And if you do get spotted, youre rewarded with killing everybody in the area. I wish there were more of those big enemies with the giant health bars. They were my favorite enemies to fight.Anyway, I dont see this game as a mind blowing change from the previous games like a lot of people are saying. The differences are there but most of them dont amount to much after you really get into the swing of things i.e. level up your skills a bunch, which wont take long. Although, I will say this is up there with the best AC games 2 and Brotherhood. Ive never played Black FlagPeople comparing this to Witcher 3 are crazy. W3 blows this game out of the water in all aspects, except for addictive map icon clearing.Ok, thats it. Assassins Creed Origins is really good and I recommend you play it. 