Assassins Creed Origins is a fresh take on Ubisofts megafranchise. If youre a diehard fan of the AC universe, youll love this game. If youre a fan of open world Witcheresque rpgs, youll love this game. If you like egyptian architecture and lore, youll love this game. While not a perfect title one of my only gripes being the inclusion of an ingame cash shop on a fullprice tripleA game, this is still a clear representation of what appears to be Ubisofts, or at least their Montreal branch, return to form.This game is riddeled to bits with Assassins Creed fanservice, including a multiple nods to the AC movie and the Watchdogs franchise. Pyramids and ancients tombs are free to explore and are chockfull of Egyptian texts to read up on and plenty of shiny treasures to loot. While the desert and ancient ruins are amazing and beautiful, the populated cities like Memphis and Alexandria are a thrill to wander and get lost in, as you avoid the Phylakes or city guards.The updated combat system means a bunch of weapon types, weapon varieties, and fighting styles unlike any other Assassins Creed. Boss battles actually feel like boss battles and the game has definately upped its difficulty, at times. The new leveling and scaling systems allows for better pacing and really forces you to explore every nook and cranny of the limited areas they give you as you progress through the map, as wandering too far outside your level range usually results in a quick demise. Utilities are limited this time around, but the trade off appears to be more control over your weapons and armor, with a rarity based RNG system being added on the usual blue uncommon to OrangishYellow Legendary scale. You can buy these items and other exclusive skins on the ingame cash shop, I dont suggest rewarding this shady type of behavior from gaming companies though.Overall this title is a step up from Ubisoft, and Id suggest it to anyone who is a fan of RPGs. Fullprice or on discount, this game is worth your money and time.