Assassins Creed Origins shows us that this franchise is not yet done and brings some fresh air and quite different approach into it. This time around, we play as Bayek of Siwa, one of the last egyptian Medjays and also one of the first Assassins and founding members of the Creed. I really liked his character and he quickly became one of my favorite protagonists of the series, but there are many more interesting characters youll meet on the way for Bayeks revenge. Story was wellwritten and enjoyable and I often found myself eager to find out what happens next. Game world is set in ancient Egypt and its beautiful indeed. Size of the map is enormous and its filled with cities, villages, deserts, mountains, lakes, caves, tombs, ruins, pyramids, camps and many more. Sometimes I found myself just standing on an elevated position, looking around and appreciating view, as the sun was rising in the distance, crocodilles were hunting in the river and farmers in the nearby village started waking up. World around you really lives. People have their daily routines, even guards in restricted areas, and animals hunt and sleep. Merchants try to sell you new equipment, mounts or outfits and many people around the world need the help of Medjay, so there are a lot of side quests as well. Lets talk about combat system now. Its been completely reworked and I think for the better. Fighting is far more fastpaced now, its all about movement and reflexes. There are many different weapons to equip, such as swords, spears, heavy blades or different kind of bows, each with its own specific way of shooting. You can of course try to avoid fighting and go for stealth approach, which you will use mainly while clearing camps, forts or other guarded and restricted ares. Each restricted area has a commander which you have to kill and treasures which you have to loot. Sometimes there are even prisoners to free for some extra experience points. Which brings me to progression system. You gain experience points as you play and with them, you level up Bayek. With each level, you gain one ability point and also an option to upgrade your equipement to match Bayeks current level. Every quest and region has its recommended level. So you can go anywhere you want, anytime, but theres no guarantee even a pack of hyenas wont easily kill you. If youre wondering if there are naval missions in Origins, there are. Only a few of them, but they were great. Well, thats probably everything I can tell you about Origins. I mean, there are of course a lot of other things, such as storyline in present time, gladiator fights or races in hippodrome, but youll have to find out yourselves.9/10