Now that I have 100 the game and have more than 100 hours in it I feel I can write a final review of the game.I will say now that if you are one of those people that thought Black Flag didnt really feel like an AC game then this game will probably also disappoint you.Whist its a huge improvement over the last few AC games, and probably the best AC game since Black Flag, it still has problems, and one of them is very big. I will try to keep it as spoiler free as possible, but there is one point I may ruin that happens very early on in the story that I would not consider a spoiler but some people may, so be warned.I will start with the good things.The open world is amazing, huge and fun to explore and has tones of interesting things to doThe new side quest system is really good with over 100 unique side quests which makes the game feel more fleshed out, and the side content is actually fun for once instead of collecting chests and animus fragments from all over the mapAlmost no collectiblesThe new combat is really fun and much more challenging. Also makes stealth more meaningfulInteresting main characterModern day is back, and whilst its still not as good as it used to its a huge step up over the last 4 gamesNow the two small issues I have areVery few historical characters. There is only really 3 major ones.Cleopatra who is the main one, Caesar who is only in the end of the game, and Ptolemy who is only in 1 main cutscene. None of them are in the game enough and feel like wasted potential.Stealth feels more clunky than the last 2 games. You almost never use cover for stealth and social stealth has been removed. The animations are pretty clunky which really ruins the flow.Now onto that major problem I mentioned.Well it saddens me to say, but the story in this game is Seriously. I have never been this let down by a story in a video game in years, and AC games tend to have pretty good stories.For those who dont yet know, last year Ubisoft announced a new plan of how to approach stories in their video games, going away from narrative storys and focusing more on the world and letting the player make their own storys in the world. To quote them less storytelling and more players experience. Sadly this new approach may be the death of the franchise, atleast to me and many old AC fans.The game starts of very messy with 3 different time periods, the main time period that you spend playing most of the game playing in, a flash back period 1 year before the main game where you find out about Bayeks Sons death which is the main driving force for the story, and the modern day story. This jumping back and forth really confuses things and starts the game of badly. But it gets worse.Every single assassination target in the game is completely forgettable. I finished the story 2 days ago and cannot remember a single one of their names, and only about 2 of their faces. Since this is a game about killing people, having villains that are so forgettable and giving you no real reason to hate them, except that one of them killed your son who was only on screen for 5 mins in a flashback is a really bad idea for a story and gives you no motivation.The story telling also feels incredibly rushed, with most of your targets being assassinated in the very first mission they are introduced in, giving almost no character development and giving you no idea of what the are actually trying to achieve. The first assassination target is killed in the opening cut scene before you even start playing, the second target is killed in mission 2 and targets 3 and 4 are killed off screen so you dont even find out who they were.There is another instance late in the story where you are told by one of the side characters that two of the people you were working with have betrayed you, just out of the blue. This is meant to be a major twist in the story, so why the  did Ubisoft get some forgettable side character to just walk up and casually say you have been betrayed. Non of the characters even seem to care, so why the  would the player care.To make it even worse, there are pretty much no interesting side characters, so the main story ends up getting carried by Bayek and his wife Ayas relationship, which is the only part of the story which is actually interesting in any meaningful way. Most of the side quests felt like they had more depth and story to them than the main story.I hate to say this, but unless Ubisoft change their mind on story telling in their games then the AC franchise is dead. Im sure it will continue to sell well, but the main reason core fans like me play these games is for the amazing story and lore that this franchise has, and sadly this game completely failed in that regard, and if the next game has a story as bad is this one then Im afraid alot of the main fans may lose faith in the franchise.I wish steam had a mixed rating since this is a really good game but the terrible story really lets the whole game down. I will give it a positive review for all the great improvements this game made, but if you are looking for a interesting narrative and emotional story go and buy one of the older AC games or the witcher 3 or something.