When I wrote my review for AC Syndicate I called it the best AC game since Black Flag because to me Black Flag became the benchmark for the series well, AC Origins is the new gold standard for the AC series without a doubt.Its not the same old repatative nonsense you are used to in the AC series, they redesigned everything right down to the combat which is more over the shoulder and active than the old Arkham counter style. Enemies can and will attack you three at a time while other enemies are trying to pepper you with arrows on the sidelines so it doesnt feel like youre just waiting to hit a counter button, in fact there is no counter button.The combat comes off more like Dark Souls than anything else just without the stamina management. You can dodge, roll, parry When you unlock it switch between light and heavy attacks and so on. Its an absoloutely joy of a combat system.Quest design is a real step up. I have yet to hit a point where it feels like a reptative mess. In previous AC games it was easy to tell what quest you were about to pick up just by where the NPC was standing but in Origins Im constantly surprised. These little sidequests dot just stop at one activity either, youll often take a quest and then end up engaging in a neat little sub plot that spans several.The RPG systems in play are just amazing. You have your skill tree thats split in to three styles Pretty much like the new Tomb Raider games Theres tons of loot with tons of variation in weapons Spears, shields, scepters, swords, twin swords, bows and more plenty of things to upgrade and collect.The map is above and beyond anything that I ever expected. Its absoloutely huge, Im even tempted to say its close to The Witcher 3 in scale. Its a joy to explore too since the Parkour element doesnt feel clunky. Not much has changed with that element though expcet you can pretty much grab on to anything now.Im 9 hours in and Ive barely scratched the surface of this game.This game however does have some performance issues. It seems no matter what system you have Even if you exceed the reccommended specs the benchmark rates your performance as Low and wont let you go past 30 frames in gameplay. There are some horrid FPS drops in places and the game has some issues with crashing  alot for those of us that use an FX8350.Performance issues aside though its a stunning game.EDIT 93 hours and 100 in game completion and Steam achievements. Worth it.