Edit If you want to see my review as Im playing the game, search my post for Edit. Ill edit as I play through the game so you can see if you would ever get tired of the game.I beat the game Approx 40 hours in. No DLC beat, plenty of other stuff to do! Edits are as followedTLDR  Origins has restored my faith in Assassins Creed, and if they continue to release content / DLCs / games like this in the future, Ill be there to purchase every last one of them. Origins is different, Combat system is new and refreshed, and the eagle is a new take on something I never thought I even wanted. Origins takes me back to the days of Ezio, and Black Flag  Which are my favorite ACs.Im writing this review with only 4 hours into the game. Either as I progress, or after I beat the game I will try to add in on this review, and keep it all in chronological order with the edits.Ive played a lot of Assassins Creed games. My favorite were the older ones, and my absolute favorite Before this one was Assassins Creed Black Flag. If you have not played AC Black Flag, Go get it and play it asap. The game is amazing!As for Origins so far. I was skeptical about getting it at first, because Ive hated nearly every recent AC. I regret purchasing all titles since Black Flag and consider that money wasted.Origins is different, and Im glad I gave it a shot. I decided to look into it after hearing they didnt release another AC game last year so they could continue to work on this more. I thought it was a smart move and did a little research into the game, or as much as I could without spoilers.Ever since my very first fight when starting the game, I fell in love. Ive had an absolute blast with it so far, and Ive barely scratched the service. Ive ran into a few areas where Im under leveled The RPG/leveling system is amazing so far and got my butt kicked, and Ive gone back to some places where I was over leveled and put the beat down onthe enemies.I have my first real tough fight earlier. Without giving spoilers, Ill just say this It was kinda BS I did a fraction of the dmg he did. Youll know what I mean if youve been there!Complaints / Con listNo SLI support yet. I run SLI 980TI and really would like to put my settings on max. Hopefully I can find an SLI profile tomorrow that works.FIRST EDIT11 hours in. The game is getting better and better. I actually thought at about the 9 hour mark I was about to beat the game. Without giving spoilers Ill just leave it as I have not beaten the game yet.I got my first Legendary tier item about 6 hours into the game, and it feels great. Im getting more experienced with the combat system and I still cant believe how amazing the combat system is.I feel leveling is a little too dependent on the missions and not enough from kills while exploring, but Ive found that I get plenty of exp from the loot areas, camp areas and just side missions so its quite nice.Ive revisited a few older areas and it was insanely easy because the level difference since Ive progressed, so I feel like all side missions should be done as you progress, otherwise you miss out on some challenge since the enemies dont scale that well with older / previous level stuff.However, Ive still got a big portion of the map undiscovered and its still getting better and better.SECOND EDITtldr Do I still suggest the game 35 hours in? Absofreakinglutely. Its still the best AC game since the ezio days and has overtaken Black Flag as my new favorite AC game.35 hours in. The same is still insanely fun, but I feel Ive reached the point where Im not getting anything new. The rest of the game is basically just lore and story missions w/ side quests. Ive obviously not beaten the game yet, so unless something is going to sneak up behind me and catch me off guard, Ive gotten past that progression to new features/items/exploration.Im not finding scenary as beautiful as I was hoping for, but thats because Im favoriting a specific type of scenary jungle type. Lots of trees, blue clean water, etc etc. but I guess for an egyptian game, this is quite nice.Combat is insanely fun. I cant get over how much better combat feels. It feels like this has been the type of combat every assassins creed has missed out on and should have had. I feel that the game is worth the money just for the experience of the new combat system alone.I do have a few issues, but they are absolutely NOT game breakers, Just things that I was under the impression of that the game didnt hold up too and really should have spent more time on.Weather / sandstorms / time of dayIm finding myself always playing during the day time. It seems like every time you go through a cinematic or talk to someone, it resets the time of day back to morning. If I want to play at night time, I have to use the ability to wait until night time. It kinda sucks, but not too much of a big deal.Tombs. Tombs in this game are lacking so much work. Theyre too easy to get through and often dont give new gear worth using. I usually sell the stuff I get for a massive amount of gold though, so I guess thats okay.Ive been through quite a few tombs already, and none really had any puzzles to it that made it intriging to solve. Most tombs were very easy to progress through, and only a select few had a puzzle, but they were insanely easy and felt like they were just thrown in there in just a few seconds. I wasnt expecting things you would find in Tomb Raider, but I was expecting something. Without giving any spoilers, The tombs are definitely worth going through. Theyre fun, some obviously have their secrets, and Ive made plenty of money through tomb exploration.The upgrade system. Sure, Its kind of cool but I think the upgrade system completely ruins exploration for me at times. I find myself debating whether I should go explore a bunch of tombs and seek out treasures, or j ust go to the blacksmith and upgrade my level 6 legendary sword to a level 30 legendary sword. Its garaunteed to upgrade to your current level, and keeps all the bonus stats like poison on hit, etc. So if you get lucky and find something early on that you like you can literally keep and use only that for the rest of the game. At least the story. I have not done any end game / afterstory stuffAlthough tombs and the upgrade system are pretty rough/bad, I think the game is still very worth getting. Will edit again later! Final EditIm going to use this as my final edit. tldr Yes, Game is still very very worth it.Not much to say since my last edit. My last edit was 35 hours in. Another 10 hours into the game and I beat it. I would say about 56 hours of that was actual story, and the rest was doing some exploration and leveling to get to the level I needed to be.The game is still great. The cons from my second edit still stand. Im excited to continue playing, and to hit up the DLCs. I might do one more edit later about the end game excluding the DLC, but I wont review the DLCs most likely.Definitely enjoyed the game. 10/10, will continue playing 