This is a fantastic return to the world of Assassins CreedThe world of Egypt is incredibly rich in detail with Old Kingdom ruins, New Kingdom temples, several cities each very unique from one another. Even when I was closing in on the end of the main story was I being surprised by the uniqueness of new environments. The game looks fantastic, Im on a 1080 and only ever got frame drops once in a side quest where a whole army of rebels and soldiers were fighting in a garrison.The mechanics and gameplay are very fluid and natural feeling. Theres littletono jankiness in the controls, and so freerunning, combat and horse riding all work well. The attention to detail in the mechanics as well really made the game fun to play, I just love that you can call your horse or camel while running and it will catch up to you and without stopping you can mount it and keep your momentum. Free running is now so much smoother and easier thanks to there now only being one button you have to press to initiate a climb, rather than having to hold right trigger and the A button. To descend is also easy, simply hold B or jump from a high ledge and hit X before landing. Also great is how NPCs in follow and escort missions run the same speed as you, FINALLY!Some things that were a bit odd feeling were the chain assassination and throw weapon after using your overpower ability movements. The animation is the same despite what weapon your enemy used, and so Bayek looks like hes throwing a huge metal axe the way one would throw a throwing knife.To give an idea of how much content youll get out of this game, Ive just finished the main story of the game, and along the way I completed almost every side quest just missing 2 or 3 in every zone that the main story or side quests brought me in to, as well as completing the location objectives in all the camps/garrisons/forts that I would encounter through these quests. This is definitely the most content rich Assassins Creed game yetThere are few drawbacks, but for me the main one would be how you speak to side quest givers. Only in some cases do you get the scripted cutscenes usually longer side quests but otherwise Bayek and whoever else stand 2 feet from each other almost completely static. It would have been great if they used the dynamic movement and camera more in these smaller questsAll in all, fantastic, love it, definitely getting the DLC 