By far my favorite Assassins Creed game, and in my opinion the most refined in the series. The hiatus was put to good use, with this entry taking the best parts of the previous games and building on them to create the largest, the most contentfilled, and in my opinion the most interesting ancestor simulation the Animus has offered us to date.As a big fan of the series since the first games, Id been disappointed by some of the more recent entries, which I played but never felt inspired to hit 100 completion. Because of this, I had very low expectations for Origins, even though the Egypt setting excited me more than any other so far. But after just a few hours I was completely immersed in the game, and felt an obsession rising up in me that I hadnt felt since AC2. The sheer size of the map, the fantastic locations, the excellent combat, crafting, and weapon systems, the huge amount of sidequests, the outposts, the secret tombs...there is just so much to do in this game, and I want to see it all. I didnt finish the main story until I was 80 hours in, having taken my time maxing out my level, equipment, and weapons and exploring the map thoroughly. And even still, there are countless more sidequests to finish, locations to complete, and ridiculous photos to take. I wont be putting this game down until Ive seen everything there is to see. I intend to play all of the DLC, and hope to see some direct sequels in the way of Brotherhood/Revelations.When it comes to gameplay, Origins delivers, and theres really only one complaint I can make. As in past Assassins Creed games, after several dozen sidequests some of what youre doing will start to feel repetitive. Whether you enjoy the game will hinge quite a bit on whether these core gameplay loops are enjoyable for you. Youll spend a lot of time helping oppressed citizens get revenge, recover their loot, or save imprisoned family members, with these goals often located in outposts peppered across the map. Many times, youll scope out the location with your trusty eagle Senu, mark your targets, locate your goal and perhaps be tempted to find locationspecific treasure and take out high level captains or commanders in the vicinity. Ive done this literally dozens of times, but Im still not bored of it. The AC and Far Cry formula of open world outpost conquest has always worked for me, but if you dont feel the same, you might tire at some point of some of the repetition. Thats not to say theres no variety in the quests  there are certainly lots of other things to do as well. Many quests involve helping local children, and some of these are hilarious. Others will find you far away from guardinfested outposts, instead solving admittedly rather basic puzzles and enigmas within ancient pyramids and tombs. If you follow quests based on your level, youll find yourself moving through the map in a very natural way, seeing the highlights of each location as you progress. And if you choose, you can ride off the beaten path and enter areas way above your level, adding some additional excitement and danger to your journey which has no parallel in the earlier games. Im generally picky about RPGs, but I really enjoyed this system of leveling.When you consider hunting, crafting, and leveling, pretty much everything you do advances your abilities and gameplay experience in some way, which for me was a huge drive in continuing to play. Leveling up, gaining new abilities, and finding rarer and more powerful weapons was a ton of fun, and I followed that delightful trail of dopamine hits all the way to the max level. The sense of freedom in this game is unparalleled in the series. Gone are the limitations boxing you into specific areas, with threats of desynchronization if you take a single step outside a mission area. Now you can easily switch quests at any time without losing your progress. Many times, the game will throw you into the middle of a new quest with what feel like spontaneous and dynamic events. You can run in any direction and the game will generate one beautiful location after another with no loading times unless you fast travel. Senu can fly quite far away from Bayek, mark an insane amount of targets, and even help in combat. All of this helps to make this simulation feel more real and more truly open than any past AC game. As the technology of the series continues to advance, I hope to continue to see more and more realism included in the simulations, and more variety. But to be clear, Origins represents a massive step forward in all of these areas. Having enjoyed quite a lot of No Mans Sky, Breath of the Wild and The Witcher 3 over the past year or so, my appetite for openworld adventure has never been greater, and Origins satisfies as much as these favorite titles of mine. MOAR PLEASE! !On my PC which is decent but dated, I experienced very few technical issues, including the amusing glitch here or there and about 23 crashes total in 80 hours of play. The game runs beautifully. It is one of the best looking games Ive ever seen, and the inclusion of the Photo Mode means you can capture those moments of awe and pieces of your story along the way. The soundtrack is excellent, evoking some memories from favorite AC music of the past. Everything looks, sounds, and feels amazing, which is fitting for such a grand setting. This is everything I could have wanted in an openworld Egypt game.In terms of story, I was also very satisfied. Bayek and Aya rank among my favorite Assassins Creed characters. For them, this is a mission of revenge, with solid motivations to conquer one masked villain at a time and liberate Egypt from its opressors, ultimately resulting in the founding of the Assassin Order. Bayek can be intensely focused at times, but hes not afraid to crack a joke. I enjoyed taking part in his story and his interactions with other characters. Later in the game, there are a few missions that move forward at a very fast clip, feeling a bit out of step with the open and selfpaced nature of most of the game. But this is a minor nitpick, as some of these missions probably wouldnt make sense otherwise. The few times you play as Aya are hampered by her lack of quality weapons, upgrades and special abilities  but I wouldnt say I regret those missions being included. Again, I hope to see these characters continued in direct sequels  and I think the historical time period and locations available could make for many more great adventures.All in all, Im very happy with this game, it has far surpassed my expectations and I can only offer my highest recommendations to anyone interested in the game, including even the most jaded fans of the AC series. I look forward to discovering the rest of Egypt and the expansions to come. 