Let me start by saying I have been playing Assassins Creed for 10 years, since AC1, at 10 years old on my Playstation 3. I fell in love with the series. The art style, the story, and the pure epic factor of being a goddamned white cloaked ninja. The three games to follow AC1 AC2, AC Brotherhood, AC Revelations were all masterpieces. Since 2011 with Revelations, I have not found nearly the same enjoyment in Assassins Creed. Until this one.This game has changed the entire gameplan of Assassins Creed in a very good way. The 3 biggest things are combat, character customization and leveling, and side quests.They actually in mean something now! Before in AC games, you run up to some fake crying lady bad voice acting her husband or purse or whatever has been stolen, you go get the bad guy. Big whoop. But in AC origins? Side quests have story lines. I spent 2 hours helping a Priest of Serapis in Alexandria, from freeing his friend who was wrongfully accused of theft, to retreiving some goods that were stolen from him by the Greek guard, to helping him escape from the city because, as it turned out, the Greek guard were relentless and were going to keep after him until they got him. After an exhilirating chase through Alexandria, he and I escaped to the northern coast where he got on a boat and left. He told me his real name was Lysander, and it would be nice to Lysander again. I, as a long time AC player, felt so much purpose in finishing that quest line. Bayek and Lysander really connected. And that is just one example. Now you might be saying Why did 3 objectives take so long? Because the combat is ing hard! thank the gods!The combat is challenging as No more of this counteroneattackandthenkill15otherguysbyspammingleftclickt. No. You HAVE to block, you HAVE to dodge, and when someone is bigger than you, you HAVE to be aware that they do a lot of damage. I have died in combat more times in this game than I have in all other AC games combined. It is very satisfying, rewarding, and fun along with being challenging.So the gear customization sort of takes a page out of AC2 and brotherhoods book theres individual armor pieces again. The gear is great. you will enjoy it. Whats important in this section is the LEVELING. FINALLY we get an RPG style skill tree in AC. You can choose to be more of an assassin, or more of a fighter. The skilltree splits up three different ways. One will support and reward things like stealth kills, long range bow kills, and sneaking in general. Another rewards standing and fighting, and besting opponents in sword to sword combat. The other seems to be a tactician of sorts. Bombs and gadgets, yada yada. So if thats your thing, theres that too.World is vast and immersive, the main character Bayek is fairly interesting so far, level design leaves a little to be desired sometimes but hey, its the Egyptian desert. On the other hand, the cities are gorgeous. One thing that is a little confusing is some guards will attack on sight no matter if in a restricted area or not, and there doesnt seem to be a notoriety or bounty system. But as an old and true Assassins Creed fan, I am having a great time and I am proud of Ubisoft for admitting to themselves the recent ACs are  and taking the time to lose the money and give us a quality AC once again.would recommend to anyone. It is an AC fan pleaser, and a common gamer pleaser alike 