Ive waited a long time for a good Assassins creed game. I loved the first game and second one was my favorite until now. Barely forced myself to finish AC3 and Unity was a complete crap. Didnt even played Syndicate since I didnt want to waste my time and money. But Origins surprised me.Gameplay is similar to the previous games but improved. Combat is finally fixed and is quite fun, its not clunky and unresponsive anymore. It could be better of course, but Im totally ok with how it is now, I love it. One thing which surprised me is archers. When you try kill them they run away and you end up chasing them, really nice. Climbing and running through obstacles is smooth as never before. You dont get stuck anymore. Even when youre riding your camel or horse you dont get stuck behind object, you automatically jump over them. And small things like marking the objective on the map and then you simply press a button and you follow the road automatically until you reach your destination makes your life easier. Though I must say this doesnt always work correctly, AI sometimes cant find a correct path. Another small thing. Dont you hate when you need to follow an npc and you both move at different pace when you run a little, then walk slowly? Now you move at the same pace as npc automatically, small but very good improvement. And you have a little friend  an eagle which is used to scout the area and mark the enemies and treasures. Also you can hunt the animals for resources and you need resources to craft and improve your gear. Weapons and armor are done similarly to rpg games. Everything has levels now, you need to reach a certain level to equip a certain weapon or a piece of clothing. When you level up you get an ability point which is used to unlock new skills. Enemies are done in rpg manner too and the map is broken into zones by level, so like in rpg games you cant go to a 20lvl zone fight 20lvl enemies if youre only 5lvl.Gameplay basically consists of doing the main quest and a bunch of side quests. Main quest has a decent story. Like that blockbuster movie which is fun to watch, you have a good time but its nothing too special. Most side quests are generic but some have really nice background stories and some are hilarious.I dont want this game to be too complicated or difficult, you get a quest, you go to a marked location and do what is required. This is a relaxing game for me, you run around, kill people, uncover the map, climb structures, collect loot and so on. You can take a stealth approach or go Rambo style. And burning arrows, oh thank you for another small feature. When you take your bow and aim to the fire you get a flaming arrow. This is a nice little feature. Previous games felt a little boring and sometimes frustrating and annoying like Unity, in this one it doesnt get boring while doing the same stuff over and over again. After each quest you want to do another one and then another one etc.Graphics. Wow this game is gorgeous. I must say previous games were great looking too, but this is just another level. Its stunning, architecture is beautifully done, its almost photo realistic, the buildings are done to the smallest of detail. Also character models are of highest quality. No matter if your running around the city or inside some building, youre running through a field or ride your camel through a desert  everything looks stunning. And it has a photo mode. Press LSRS to enter the photo mode. You get various filters and other adjustments. At first I thought you cannot take steam screenshots since the overlay didnt disappear, but I found out if you wait a few seconds the overlay disappears and you can hit that F12. The detail is amazing, you can close up to animals, take portraits and see every little detail.Now about the so much talked performance. I know some people are having problems but not me. This is one the most smoothest games I have. It runs very smooth at constant 60fps on ultra settings. No fps drops or anything, just locked 60fps, no difference Alexandria or desert. The game is really well optimized, I cant say anything bad about performance.It seems Ubisoft started to show more attention to Steam and PC games in general which is very welcomed. Origins has steam trading cards and even steam achievements. I hope Ubisoft will keep this up.Now on to negatives. Season pass price is too high. The full experience costs 90 and if you buy it separately its 100. Thats just too much. Im not going to pay 40 for a season pass when i dont even know if its good or not.Another negative is microtransactions. You can buy stuff for real money. I rather use cheats, but not going to spend a dime on mtx. No ing way! While Ubisoft has improved a lot in the past years theres still a room for improvement.If youre a graphics  like me or a fan of Assassins Creed its a must have, the best game in the series. If youre a fan of open world games and love some action I strongly suggest you getting this. And even if youre not like that I suggest to buy it at least on sale since this is a really fun game.Improved gameplayStunning graphicsGreat performanceJust a little more feelingMicrotransactionsSeason pass is overpricedSide quests could be better