If you are a fan of the past games, and their core mechanics. When I say that, I mean combat, assassinating, tracking. This game is really going to annoy you.In Origins they attempted to do something new with the title, I dont mean they polished things up to make them look better. Like how the jump from AC Revelations to AC3 came with improved animation and more fluid in motion and made the game feel more loose and allowed you to go at your pace, instead of when you vault a fence, you must take it at exactly headon. You can come at it sideways and you vault it sideways.With this, they threw away most of the things that I thought made this title something I thoroughly enjoyed. When I buy AC, I hope for AC, but I didnt really get it. See they blended it with levelling systems like an RPG, your tracking objectives uses the Owl from Far Cry Primal Im convinced they got lazy and cut and pasted the code and combat that makes an eagle piloting an hot air balloon look percise. And level based equipment, so you see that nice legendary sword you got? Well you throw it out or pay 5000 gold to level it up to your current level. Thats 10 dollars USD if youd like to just pay for it instead of grind. Oh yeah, you can pay real money to progress, cool huh? No? Didnt think so.Story progression is usually altogether halted by the levelling system, so you have to hunt down the side quests which offer some annoying task to hunt down in a glitchy manor, like Ive had to investigate a house and theres a objective ingrained into the wall, so I have to hump it in just the right fashion until I find the interaction que pop up. And youll be doing these about 3 times each level if you are doing missions for your own level. This game is an honest disappointment to the title and I hope that Origins was a 1 shot attempt at trying something new and creating a branch genre. Tried it, over it.The only positive thing I have to say, is the ACTUAL assassination, when you have grinded resources and made your hidden blade 1 shot kill For your level and watching the cutscenes play out. Well done, but its too bad that Ive only seen a few since the game locks me behind a playtime required wall. I cant go from place to place to place and play the story out in one swoop, it blocks you off from it, which is simply an annoyance.This game was on sale for 10 off, if I had known, I would of waited till it was more then 50 off as, this isnt the game that I had wanted, and the cutscenes and opening sequences are so obnoxiously long that its likely they were just trying to buy time for the 2 hour steam refund to run out.