Oh boi, let me get started with that I havent played an AC game since Ezio and this game is a nice welcome back to the series. To me, the game has a bit of a Witcher 3 vibe to it which made me want to keep playing and unravel the story of Bayek the character you play and all the random Egyptians you go out helping in the world plez dont murder me W3 fans I really enjoyed the challenge of combat in this game simply for the fact that killing large groups of enemies in stealth with a bow and finishing off leftover targets with melee made sense as a close to realistic strategy for killing when outnumbered.   you dont need to pay for OPTIONAL microtransactions so dont be a ballsucking tardProsStory is quite good. The beginning made me feel the feels for Bayek and Aya. It loses its touch in some areas and I sorta went off focusing on the side quests, but overrall its not badA damn big map. Definitely feels like a journey and a half. Make sure you hunt while travelling!Combat Can be a bit weird at times but definitely wouldnt crucify it for that. Its quite fluid and you get a couple of different ways to approach combat.Weapons Damn. Dammmmmmmmmmmmmn. Some of the weapons are sick. You definitely wanna work through the story for the flaming sword. YES THATS RIGHT A SWORD OF FLAMES AND EPICNESSCharacters and acting I didnt hate any of the acting, but it was a good enough job that you understand the characters and who they are and their roles in the story.Bosses insert comment about comparing game to Dark Souls The bosses arent the hardest things in the game but some are challenging and feel good to win against.ConsBugs General bugginess. Sometimes Bayek will spazz out while on a ledge and not go anywhere, which is really annoying in combat, but doesnt happen too often. Sometimes a portion of the map will be completely untextured but that may be due to my Graphics card overheating in the Australian heat.Massive screen tear This is probably the only game I notice screen tearing on, and it is REALLY FING NOTICEABLE, so if youre into picture perfect gaming then keep that in mind.Side quests A lot of the side quests in this game are actually quite interesting little stories, however when some of them sent me to bandit or soldier encampments that Ive already cleared out doing the previous quest, I got annoyed that I couldnt be pointed at atleast a different group of enemies.Dual wielding smoke bomb guys honestly...Fk these guys and their annoying smokebombsOverrall, good game. Its fun to play and in my books, if I can spend more time enjoying the game than complaining about it like a whingey , then I give it the recommended.