Fans hoped that Assassins Creed taking a year off between releases would mean a rejuvenation for the series. Unfortunately, this is not the sort of rejuvenation I was hoping for. This isnt a great Assassins Creed game. This isnt even the bestAC game.The story is a pretty serious weak point here. Theres not really much of a supporting cast to speak of most quest givers are oneoff characters who are barely introduced or characterized. The small number of nonplayer characters who do show up more often are underdeveloped  not given much time to shine.This goes especially for the the historical celebrities that AC always loves to involve in their stories. Cleopatra plays a pretty important role in the story, but only shows up nearly halfway through  doesnt get much screen time.  Caesar shows up closer to 3/4 of the way through the main quest  gets even less character development. And the major antogonists of the game are also barely explained as characters or given any time to develop. Most of them are shown as anonymous masked figures in brief videos maybe once or twice before you stab them to death  move on the next one.The player character protagonists are... fine. Bayek isnt as whiny as a lot of people found AC IIIs Connor to be, but hes not exactly the most compelling character either. Actually, it feels like the most compelling parts of his story happened before the game. The secondary protganist, Aya, actually seems more compelling than Bayek you only play as her in a handful of missions, but I think Id prefer a whole game about her.All of that feels pretty disappointing in comparison to the high point of the series in the past, when ACs better stories would revel in the significant historical events surrounding them, and when better games in the series took the time to make even the major antagonists sympathetic characters you could understand, even if you didnt agree with them.The redesigned combat in ACO is definitely a major improvement over previous games. Its no longer a matter of just waiting for your turn to hit counter and then instakilling everyone in sight. Different classes of enemies use different sorts of movesets against you, and require different tactics to efficiently take on. Its not the most sophisticated combat in the world, but its much more satisfying than what was here before.On the other hand, for all the attention given to the highprofile combat, stealth feels like its been ignored. It actually feels clunkier  less smooth to sneak  try to take out enemies quietly here than it did in previous iterations. A couple small examples you cant do corner takedowns anymore, and you cant use smoke bombsoutside of active combat.This is probably the biggest area where I had hoped the extra time taken to develop the game would make a difference, and... it didnt. The missions are mostly just as cookiecutter rote run this errand, grab this item, kill this person as AC missions has always had the reputation for being. The biggest change I noticed it that it seems like roughly a third of the missions seem to involve rescuing some other character being held captive, and in almost all of them you need to pick that character up and phsyically carry them out of the enemy camp and somewhere else rather than just escorting them. Which doesnt inherently make the missions worse, I only bring it up because I think that such an odd design decision cropping up so frequently illustrates how repetitive these missions can get.Connected to what I said above about stealth mechanics getting worse, thats also felt in the mission design. Fewer and fewer missions feel designed to encourage stealth over running in guns alright, swords blazing. For a game thats supposedly about assassinating people, thats unfortunate. The series has certainly veered back and forth over the years with how much time was actually spent being an Assassin, but this feels like a step backwards. Unity  Syndicate did a much better job of these sorts of missions, with grand set pieces  Hitmanesque unique kill setups that were fun  encouraged different approaches.One high point I should acknowledge is the tomb design. The ancient tombs around Egypt are really well designed, and theyre a lot of fun to explore. Theyre one of the best consequences of the choice of setting since they fit in with the overall world so well, and the aesthetic of the Egyptian ruins fits really well with the Precursor ruins that you also occassionaly encounter.The period is in some ways a great choice, but the game doesnt really make the most of it. The end of the Ptolemaic dynasty and during the Roman Civil War is a fascinating historical era with a ton of interesting characters  events to inspect. And, as discussed a bit above in Story, we hardly get to spend time with any of them.The downside of the period intertwines a bit with gameplay/mission design. AC games are usually at their best when their setting allows them to spend a lot of time in dense urban environments with lots of verticality, and thats not at all what Egypt circa 50 BCE had. Alexandria  Memphis are pretty good environments, but theyre not very big, and you dont spend most of the game in them. It might have worked out if those cities had been built out more and more mission time spent in them, or if theyd taken the globetrotting approach and spent some time in Rome or Athens.Black Flag got away with a nonurban setting because the wilderness between the towns was in a geographic region that still encourages verticality  density, and also because the naval aspects of the game were so fun that everybody was having a great time traveling between small settlements. Origins, unfortunately, is not able to turn its setting to its advantage.When the game is running well, it can be very, very pretty. Unfortunately its often not running that great. The engine was pretty clearly not optimized for PC supposedly this has something to do with the graphics pipeline that causes the CPU to be a bottleneck on PC. I have a fairly beefy machine, and while my framerate did stay pretty close to 60 for the most part, there was still frequently noticeable screen tearing even with vsync turned on, which makes no sense to me.AC games have also developed a reputation for bugs. Like Bethesda games, sometimes these are charming amusements, and sometimes theyre mildly infuriating. Origins is certainly less prone to serious bugs at launch than some earlier games have been I havent seen any horrifying humans missing their skin, but its certainly not bugfree either Ive seen plenty of birds stuck in flight without actually moving or animating, and I saw a horse and rider hovering several hundred feet off the ground for no apparent reason. But on the bright side, the only game affecting bug Ive really encountered with is what seems like generally iffy clipping or climbing detection, meaning that Bayek would sometimes get stuck running or climbing on random bits of terrain, and refuse to move. Which isnt so bad as these things go.When all is said and done, this is another AC game. If youve played and liked the previous games in the series, youll still find a lot to like here. But for me, this isnt even close to a high point of the series, and it feels like a missed opportunity.