Ive Played and beaten most of the Assassins Creed games, excluding the side scroller games. Though Ive enjoyed all the previous titles I can admit the formula for the games were a bit stale at this point Follow this target, dont be seen missions especially. When they announced they would be taking a year off of releasing an Assassins Creed I was relieved and decided to abstain myself from watching any trailers or teasers. This was so when Origins would come out I would be approaching it fresh with no expectations to be let down from.I was very pleased with this iteration of the Assassins Creed games. They took a very open world approach in that you can climb almost anything. As a result getting around in the world feels so much more free than before.They borrowed many elements from other popular RPGs and open world titles and combined into an interesting and exciting cocktail. Witcher 3, Breathe of the Wild, Shadow of mordor/war.There are plenty of side quests and though they are interesting I felt bored when solely focusing on them, I would suggest to intermix a bit of main story with side quests to keep the game fresh and interesting.One thing I wish was different, I know other gamers love this, Is that the outfits do nothing but change your appearance in the game. There are other ways to improve your health and other stats by upgrading other gear which Im okay with. I just wish that the outfits would add some kind of bonuses when worn. its worth noting that cat god outfit seems to attract more cats but Im not sure if this has even been proven. To get to the end of a long side quest and be rewarded with an outfit that only changes your appearance doesnt feel very rewarding to me. Again I know many others love wearing whatever outfit they want without it dictating stats.To end on a positive note and reiterate what everyone knows at this point.. The game is beautiful. I love the included photo mode and loved even more when they updated it with more options. Ive never taken so many screenshots or spent so much time trying to get the right angle in any other game. I do use a ReShade profile that to my eyes makes the lighting more cooler looking less warm more blue. not cool as in awesome and more realistic but this is my own preference.