I have an average game completion rate of 17 on Steam.  Thats actually quite embarrassing, but I mention it only because I just completed Assassins Creed Origins.  Its rare for me to really finish a single player game.  For whatever reason, I tend to get into games like this early on, but when the midgame grind starts rolling in I typically lose interest.That wasnt so much the case with this game.  I played about 37 hours before rolling the credits.  That is uncharacteristic of me, which should speak to the quality of this game.  Taking a year off in the development cycle seemed to pay dividends to Ubisoft here.  I have not experienced such a vibrant open world in a game for some time.  In fact, the world they have created here is easily in league with the likes of Skyrim and The Witcher 3, if not better.  Thats not to say the story or game mechanics are superior, rather its just a comment on the quality of the open world.  Ancient Egypt feels alive, atmospheric, and it begs to be explored.  The Assassins Creed style of traversal, with all its climbing and free running, lends itself well to the setting.  Whether you love or hate the franchise, I dont think there is really any denying that the game environment here is a huge win.As for the combat, I found it almost as satisfying as the exploration.  I found myself being tempted to engage entire camps of enemies at times, rather than cautiously picking at the weak spots of an enemy outpost slowly and methodically, as the series namesake would suggest.  Taking a stealthy approach was just as satisfying though, which I felt kept the game very fresh from a combat perspective.  The combat itself is akin to a faster paced Dark Souls style, though not quite as deep.  Youll face enemies with different capabilities and youll need to be adaptable to succeed.  At times, the game will force you to engage various groups of enemies or bosses in combat without a reasonable option of taking a stealthy approach.  Other times, you may find yourself pouncing on a major enemy from the shadows, swiftly eliminating the threat while the only danger is being seen.  The choice is really yours, and being able to play most of the encounters either way kept things interesting for me.Then we come to the story.  Heres where I have some mixed feelings.  Because of the adoption of RPG elements, I found the urgency of some of the major story elements to be rather unbelievable.  What I mean is that youll be hot on the heels of an enemy who has done you an injustice, your character seething for revenge.  A near miss, and he escapes.  But theres a lead  hes gone to a town somewhere across the map and youll need to go scout the area to try and find him.  Thus one quest is complete, and youre issued the next quest in the chain.  However, the next quest is above your suggested level, and suddenly all the baddies in his entourage are a few levels higher.  Theyre firmly out of your reach now, as you can only effectively take out enemies about 2 levels above your current level.  You may not even be able to assassinate enemies, rather youll perform a stealth attack, which takes a large portion of their health but theyll still react and potentially alert the rest of the camp.  Granted, you may not want to rush through the story and perhaps youll enjoy this pacing.  I found myself wanting to know what would happen next, and felt disappointed when I had to open my map and search for adequately leveled quests to take on until I caught up enough in levels.  This happened on numerous occasions.  With that being said, many of the side quests lead to great rewards, and are great experiences in and of themselves.  They tried to take some influence here from The Witcher 3, and its made the overall experience much better.  The stories still arent nearly as good as The Witcher 3, but thats setting the bar extremely high.  Lets just say you wont be bored out of your mind with side quests, and leave it at that.Now, I purchased this game on the PC rather than console for a higher framerate and some better effects.  I knew that the PC version was reported to have issues, and I experienced first hand that it does.  It took me quite a while to figure out that the game is completely incompatible with surround sound options enabled on my Logitech G933 headset.  By opening the Logitech Gaming Software application and setting it to stereo sound only, the problem was solved.  It took me quite a while to find that solution though.  I did experience some random bugs throughout my 37 hours, but nothing game breaking.  I would expect Ubisoft to fix these issues eventually, but if given the choice again I would still stick with the PC version.  I played it with both a Playstation 4 controller and an Xbox One controller, and found both these options to be superior to the keyboard and mouse.  The combat was much more satisfying and movement felt more precise.As an aside, I feel the need to mention the microtransactions.  I am upset to see the gaming industry gravitate so heavily towards liberal use of microtransactions in fully pay to play titles, especially at the premium price point.  I will say that in this particular case, it seems to be a very fair system.  The real temptation would be to purchase crafting materials in order to avoid the mindless grinding of hunting animals in the game.  To max out your gear, youll spend a considerable amount of time fighting wildlife.  Its not the most exciting thing in the world, and the temptation to skip some of that is great.  Otherwise, the thing you should know is that there is no actual armor in the game.  Youll use crafting materials to give yourself a flat increase to various stats, such as ranged damage, melee damage, health, carrying capacity for arrows, etc.  None of these items shown on the inventory menu have any ingame appearance.  Your weapon will have its own appearance, but your armor provides stats and your outfit provides an appearance.  You dont really earn many outfits through simply questing, and you may get very bored of the way you look when your appearance doesnt change throughout the entire game.  Theres another temptation to succumb to the microtransactions.  The game balances this somewhat with a daily quest system which has the chance of rewarding random legendary items, though theyre usually swords.  Other high level quests give you certain outfits which are pretty cool as well, but while youre going through the main story of the game just be aware that you wont be able to access these yet.  Just something to think about.For my final thoughts, I will say that I do highly recommend this game.  Its not the complete package in the way that games like The Witcher 3 or Breath of the Wild were.  By this, I mean this game isnt really changing the industry and it doesnt hit the nail on the head in every category.  It has an extremely rich and vibrant open world that feels alive and worth exploring.  It has combat and stealth elements that entertain throughout.  It has a story that is worth playing through and side quests which are usually pretty enjoyable.  The game lacks character development for most characters aside from the main protagonist, who also isnt terribly interesting.  I didnt really mind though, because I wasnt expecting this to be truly epic when it came to the story.  With all this being considered, I would say its worth paying full price and you should experience it.  Be warned, it gets off to a somewhat slow start.  Push through it, give it an honest 6 hours or so to start, and I believe the vast majority of you will find some enjoyment in it.Thats my two cents, I hope it helps someone make the decision.  Thanks for reading.