8/10Assassins Creed Origins has been a thoroughly enjoyable experience for me, and I would recomend this game to anyone who wants a large, immersive world to explore, loot and fight your way through. Here is a more detailed review of the game for anyone interested.VisualsThis game is absolutely stunning to look at, with every area feeling different and lovingly crafted. I had to play on High quality to keep framerates playable, this game is demanding, and thatis well documented so im going to leave it out here. Firstly the games many different areas felt unique and through use of dynamic lighting gave off characteristics that really added to immersion. The barren scorched sand deserts had a distinct orange glow that felt hot and visual disturbaces like mirages and heat shimmering really made these areas feel harsh and inhosbitable, despite being incredibly inviting to explore. Contrast this with the lush greenery of areas closer to the ocean and along the banks of the Nile River, that have a lighter, cooler feel, and you almost feel like youre playing a different game. I found myself just stopping to enjoy the scenery multiple times during my playthrough, especially in elevated areas overlooking the Nile, and actively sought out sychronisation points for this reason in many areas. This game is just truely beautiful. The buildings are varied and beautiful, again finding a brilliant contrast between the hieroglyphic covered sandstone buildings of Egypt, with the polished architectural elegance of Ancient Greece, and the deery dark tombs.Characters/StoryThe story of Origins had great highs for me, and also epic lows as well. This is a classic revenge quest, where assassination targets larger motivations arent learnt until their death cutscenes, and Bayeks only given motivation for killing them is revenge, which is a little hard for the player to get behind. However, I will say that me being easily distracted with side quests, I came to realise that some of them actually helped add motivation to Assassinate the target, be it by showcasing cruelty or oppression. Origins can be so hit and miss though that some major Assassinations are clever, fun and challenging, and others are quite easy and straightforward, which can be pretty disapointing. Bayek never seemed very motivated by anything other than revenge, and his path to forming the Assassins with Aya felt a bit forced, the premise was there and I understand how the Medjays duties to protect the people flows into the Assassins ideals, but it never fully came together to deliver a memorable story overall.Still it had moments for greatness, an example for me, without trying to spoil anything, is when a target, the Crocodile, horrifically murders an NPC that, even though I had only just met and spent almost no time with, actually had an emotional impact with me, and had me rushing off to seek revenge as quickly as possible. Moments like these worked at refocusing me on the main quest line, and stop the story from being boring. I also loved how Bayek isnt the perfect capable warrior until you make him one, at various points of the early game Bayek is beaten or tricked, and is even knocked out by a child at one point in a side quest, but by end game he seems fully in control and truely a warrior of legend. The story aspect of progression feels organic and ties in with actual mechanical progression which I will talk about a little later.Side quests usually involve a combination of three things, clearing enemy camps or rescuing someone from them, investigating an area, which usually led to an enemy camp or Assassinating someone evil, of whom where usually found in an enemy camp. This might sound a bit repetative, and it is, but then every now and then the game throws something a bit different at you. An example springs to mind of me doing a classic Assassins leap on faith off a building, only to have a child excitedly ask me to do it off taller and taller places to impress all the other children in his gang, and that was it. This type of little quest was a little bit silly, but it was endearing and helped break up repetition, it also helped make the world space feel lived in and slightly organic.Gameplay/MechanicsThe biggest part of this game is of course combat, and it has changed quite a lot from other Assassins Creed games, taking on a more Witcher 3 style of dodge, block and hit than the traditional block and counter styles of previous games. I personally liked the change, the camera can be touchy, especially in confined areas, and the lock on system leaves so much to be desired I actually chose not to use it in most fights, but combat is actaully very fun. Using different weapons requires different tactics, as a sword handles very differently from a heavy blunt, and forces adaptation, and different enemy types must be dealt with appropriately. This change effects pacing more than anything though, fights feel faster and more deadly than previous entries, and encourages awareness. With adjustments I would be happy to see this mechanic in future installments.As I mentioned earlier, Bayek isnt a demi god of destruction early in the game, and while im sure this was partly due to me getting used to the combat system, it felt as though at lower levels it still wasnt possible to take on as many equally level enemies at once, as it does with later levels. At level 10 for example I would find difficulty in taking on say 6 enemies at once, but at level 35, 6 high level enemies feels very managble and I actively enjoy openly fighting many enemies at once now. As i said before, this just helps me feel that Bayek has grown with me, and has become more powerful in more ways than just being able to take on lower level enemies with ease.The games progression is left to both leveling up through fighting and completing quests, and upgrading your equipment. Health, damage output and carrying capacity of arrows and tools are upgraded through materials that are hunted or bought, as well as by levelling up. Its great to be able to get a leg up by having more health via an upgraded breastplate, or being able to assassinate enemies of a higher level through an upgraded hidden blade. The use of the breastplate as the health variable means you are also free to wear any outfit in the game without affecting your armour or health levels. Weapons and sheilds can also be upgraded via blacksmiths using in game currency, though at great expense sometimes, meaning you can keep upgrading a favourite weapon to your current level throughout the game. I absolutely loved this feature, as not being forced to part with a certain weapon, or wear a certain outfit meant Bayek always felt like my character.Free running also feels better here than it ever has before, I felt in control of Bayek 99 of the time, and he rarely did things I didnt intend to do, its not perfect, and I would occasionaly lose all control over a singular movement or jump to my death instead of into the water or haystack, but this happened so rarely that it was almost more funny than anything, and a reletively quick load back in didnt bother me too much at all.Overall 8/10I would reccommend this game, I have had a lot of fun in this world, and despite a mediocre story and sometimes finiky combat controls, this game ran well for me with the concession of running on High, and provided some genuinely great moments. Its not going in an all time best games list for me for sure, but Im glad I played it, and likely will again.