The first AC game ive played a few hours and can actually see myself finishing since brotherhood.The last Ac game I played was Black Flag, and enjoyed it for a while, but eventually it just got boring and all challenge lost.AC Origins is an actual rpg, and if youre like me and love rpgs than you might want to take a look into this. People have compared this to other rpgs like the witcher games and morrowind, and consdiering the witcher and morrowind games are my favorite of all time games, I had to look into it more myself.The short version is, id call it an easier witcher 3 where enemies will try their hardest to see that you end up dead if you go loud. The stealth system is acutally there now, the best stealth in any AC game by faaaaar. You can crouch, and if youre spotted youll get an indicator, and a precious moment or two to duck behind cover depending on how far from them you are. But if youre right up on them theyll obviously just see some creep crouching around. The open world actually feels like stuff is going on, all in all, if you dont usually enjoy AC games, but like rpgs id reccomend you look into this, you might find you like it.The loud combat is really satisfying once you have had some time with it, theres a blocking, dodging, parry, heavy attack, and shield breaker breaks through enemy guard attack system. Bayet is, just a man. A highly trained man, no doubt, but still a man. If 20 or so other guys surround and poke him with sharp things while archers shoot him with long sharp things with feathers at the end, oh you ded. You very very dead. Most of the time you cant just button mash your way to victory after the prologue area, massive enemies with heavy weapons thatll break through your guard requiring you to dodge and counter, regular enemies will attack surround you and attack at the same time if you try and wait out an attack to parry, and every weapon type has a different fighting style, feel, and power attack a special attack that can be used at full adrenaline theres a lot to learn but its not as simple as it might initially seem.Oh, one last thing. If you do pick it up, no, you didnt miss something, the story starts off not telling the player what exactly happened to Bayek and his family. It sort of just throws you into things without saying why, but youll eventually find things out as you do story missions. I found it jarring and odd that it didnt tell you ANYTHING at first about..... Why I was tossed into a flash forward here and killing a guy before I had even taken the reigns where not 10 seconds ago Bayet was watching the pharoh pass through his town. But yea.. Itll get to that after a few story missions.Witcher nostalgia still fun10 