The last AC game I played for a longer time was AC2, so from my Standpoint the series has changed a lot Massive Amount of Sidequests Inventory and Equipment System Leveling and SkillsFrom what I saw in earlier games the Story and Gameplay suffered from this amount of content, there was a lot of repetition and little new ideas.Around comes ACOrigins with the same concepts, but executed with a lot more care and attention. The Sidequests are great, a little repetetive but with believable Stories. The Exploration is fun and mostly rewarding. The Characters are realistic and the dialog is goodBut what drives the whole game is the gameplay.I did not expect an AC game with a good combat system.Instead of the usual budget arkhamsystem you get a fast paced and proactionbased system. No longer you have to wait for the enemy to attack, just to counter that and stab him. Now you can be the aggressor.This plays into the hands of the equipment system Heavy weapons slow down fights, but give you the upper hand against shielded enemies. Light weapons make you the njimble assasin of previous games. You can even wield a shield or give it up for a twohanded or dualwielded weapon.Keep in mind I have not finished the game yet, but from my experience I can tell, that the combat system and exploration will be the driving factor in making this game fun.To keep the rest of the review shortThe Sidequests remind me of quests from The Witcher 3 with a lot less story, as does the exploration there are a lot of places to explore, but they all feel a bit similar and dont have their own stories.The lack of storytelling is made up for by the setting. Egypt and friends look great and radiant. You will see the life given by the nile and the life taken by the desert.I would recommend this game to people who  liked Witcher 3s gameplay, but didnt care for the story waited for a change in the ACformula want to explore notsoancient EgyptI personally care more for gameplay than story, unless the game can change my mind about that.This game couldnt change my mind, but the gameplay makes up for it. 