/h1 WonderfulNote Not a full review since I havent finished but Ive played 90 hours so far.Also Note Im not good at writing reviews./b Opinion of the UpsidesI highly recommend playing this game if you love the AC series, are new to it, or have been disappointed for the last few years of AC games. This is the game that redeems itself from the previous titles. It is not perfect but it is much better. For the 90 hours Ive played so far, I reached lvl 40. Exploring has been really fun and a lot of locations to see. Locations are beautiful anywhere you go and I recommend taking some pictures. Like everyone else says, this is much better than the recent previous Assassins Creed games that have came out. So far, the story has more depth to it and the main characters purpose to do what he does makes more sense and has more emotion for the player to feel. As for the combat, Id say it imporved a lot./b Weapons  CombatThe different weapon types are fun to use. Some weapons have downsides compared to its upsides. Like in any RPG game, heavy weapons obviously make you more vulnerable because theyre slower but do huge amounts of damage. Light weapons are quick but have less damage so you can move super fast to avoid arrows and such. There are long range weapons which do medium amount of damage but have longer reach, obviously. The bow is questionable on how you would use it in real life but they provide a simple variety that are self explanatory like the shotgun bow, quick bow, sniper bow, and the balanced one. There are firebombs which provide good distractions or if you just want to burn something. There isnt much use of it later once you have other weapons that use fire. Sleep darts are extremely useful if you dont want to leave random dead bodies everywhere and you can escape combat by using this on the people chasing you. Berserk darts can turn your enemies against each other but I dont use it much. Poison darts can do small amounts of damage over time and can spread over some other enemies.You will get a lot of weapons over time and I recommend selling the ones you dont need if and use that money to upgrade the ones you like. Another way is that you can scrap the parts and upgrade your gear for materials. Once you have fully upgraded your gear then you should just sell your unwanted weapons. I recommend not upgrading as often unless your weapons are below about 36 levels. Once you upgraded all your gear, hunting and looking for materials would become pretty much useless unless you need to sell them for money or need them for a quest.Navigating Egypts oceans and rivers is quite pretty. However, other than enemies patroling and some npcs sailing, there isnt much to do there. There are Triremes carrying supplies with some guards. There are some shipwrecks to explore./b DownsidesThere are some downsides to this game, like in every game. Looking around in the oceans and rivers is quite boring since theres nothing to do unless theres a shipwreck or sunken ruins. Senu, Bayeks hawk, can pretty much find any lootable chests, locations, animals and enemies. Animus pulse helps you find missing pots, inestigation areas, and chests. I feel that those two features give away the fun for some people that just want to get into somewhere and find things for themselves. However, you cant help but use it because its almost necessary to use.Combat is pretty fun and quite different from previous Assassins Creed Titles. Sometimes it can be buggy because of different surfaces. The lockon system is fustrating to use so I just fight without locking on. Its weird how enemies have unilimted arrows and spears to just throw at you.Hard mode is pretty easy. Since the beginning of the game, I explored everything there is to explore and do as a quest in the reigons where the main story is currently taking you and you get up levels above the main storys level and combat is easier because of this. Most of the time there is no challenge because of the level difference. The only challenge would be fighting boss fights or if you would get overwhelmed by enemies.Sneaking is rewarding but I feel that in some areas, enemies should be able to see you in bushes like when youre moving in them or when its really bright outside.Ubisoft does a lot of hand holding with players. Exploring egypt can be a fun and crazy adventure. But Ubisoft makes it easier for players. Like I said before, if you were to explore the ocean or deep rivers, you wouldnt find anything rewarding or good looking, just empty ocean unless its a marked place on your map. Senu replaces eagle vision but Senu still automatically marks enemies on the map so you could see them in real time. Because Senu marks exactly where certain loot chests are, it takes away the fun of trying to look for it yourself. Marking enemies on the map obscures some of your vision if you are trying to look at the details of their character but that isnt much of a problem. The sniper bow has a special ability in which if you hold the shoot button then you can control the arrow. I feel that this is too much of a feature even though it is  very fun to use./b I Hope...In future Assassins Creed games, I hope that there will be no minimaps or much hud at all to keep the game immersive. I hope thatif future titles will follow this rpg style then they would improve by providing more unique varieties in weapons, abilities, gear espeically, and other customization options. I hope, that if the next games have naval combat then they would expand on it more than what they did in Black Flag, if at all possible. I hope that there will be more story outside the animus. I hope that story telling will keep being good rather than having dull characters and a dull plot. I hope future AC games like this will keep having as much content as this one and I hope Ubisoft will expand on this RPG genre to make  more content rich games that are not boring.