I can say that the game play is far better in this game than in most others adding some of the best things they had in other games it really is fun untill about three fourths of the way through. the fighting hunting killing and such is a blast the exploring is fun but not really rewarding. the enemy bosses get stronger with better powers but you really dont. My real problem with this game is the story, they have had ample time to progress somthing in the main story but refuse to do so. Its like its stuck in a perpetual state of good guys lose bad guys win. that brings me to the secondary/ main game story the hero is no Ezio and i doupt they ever will make another angel of death quite like him. in the story you just keep losing no good story rewards, no over powered god weapen, no brotherhood, no really awesome base/ boat with a cabin and armor stands. he just takes these in stride and just keeps swinging. this may be okay for him, but i feel shafted at the very least i wantedPROsamazing landscapes and fun dungeonsloot system fighting is unforgiving cool enchants on weapens really strong start of the game item improvments lvl your fav itemsCONs story will just break you no rewards for winning like really noneit gets old running around hunting these guys we are still chasing no reason to care about anyone but Bayak and Aya , i mean honestly i cared more about random bots in brotherhood more than any side charecter in this one. I am so butt hurt about the ending its not even funnycrashes a bit now and then bad guys are no names just ice them and get on with your life story is just blan and all over the placeconclusioni really feal like they just took a dump on their charecters in this one, i am a story driven person when it comes to gamesand while i can appretiate a tragedy, this one just seems to go out of its way to get the ending they want and with the main story not progressing at all i cant say i would recomend the story line, but the game play is spot on, and i may be giving them too hard of a time because of my game play style. with that said it really is a massive, and fun game, but wait till it gos down in price not worth the let down for 60.on a side note this will problably be my last ac game they just will not be able to top ezio and to be honest after i found out they turned lucy into a turn coat and killed her and then killed desmond i just been dead on this game anyway. 