So far its great for me! the game so enjoyable that better compared to previous series.Aside from the story, here some pros and cons according to previous seriesPros I havent encounter any bugs !!! A lot of cool abilities I hate some tho, see cons The map is larger than anything before. Looting process is less wasting time now! Despite what people said about combat system in trailers, the fighting kinds of fun and challenging, at least compared to previous series which you can took entire troops alone. No weird parkour animation compared to Unity New Eagle Vision, its similar to drone and its nothing new in other games, but it is new in Assassins Creed and now it is somewhat challenging and fun, especially if you plan to play this game stealthy. Parkour navigation feels great for me. They dont put some kind protection, something like back in AC1 and AC2. If youre careless when freerunning, there is a chance that you will fall into death or jump into wrong platform. Dont get me wrong tho, its not hard to freerunning. In previous series of AC, sometimes I got bored on freerunning because what I need to do is hold shift  w without worrying my character will fall. Auto pilot ride, now you can ride camel / horse with auto pilot lol A bow! lol finally, after AC3Cons Default controls keybind is a bit weird, at least for me. I miss keybinds from previous series. There are few abilities that I dont like personally, e.g Predator Bow, you can control arrow with this ability, few of them just make no sense. There is no cover, so you cant perform cover kill AC3 and on ward have this, at least from behind of wall or maybe I havent discovered it yet?. You can do stealthy raid, but what bugging me is that you cannot assassinate an enemy that have higher level than you. When you attempt to do so, you only deal massive damage, then you will be caught up. Well basically this is some kind mechanism to restrict you, but it just dont make sense when you stab or shoot someone in the head and they still alive. By default, your character is running, you can toggle walk but it walk so slow. I used to be walk into street before going into high profile in previous series lol. It seems there is no blending into people and environment. 