Please dont preorder or buy chests or season passes.This game tries to ape the best parts of Witcher 3 and for the most part succeeds. Some of the best side quests I have seen since Witcher 3 came out and the design of the combat system is good. Stealth is, unfortunately, MUCH worse than in Syndicate and the combat often frustrating because of numerous technical issues such as strange hitboxing issues getting impailed by air, erratic AI, that can decide to instantly interrupt an animation or get stuck inside you, or warp around like its some sort of multiplayer game. Despite that the quality and variety of side quests as well as an interesting setting make the game the first Ubisoft product since release of AC2, which Id consider worth buying at full price.The main plot is a little confusing at times, but I like it  it was surprisingly lifelike and unique take on a generic revenge quest. Characters undergo an intersting development from fighting to avenge the death of their son to fighting for an idea that developed from that original goal. Not sure what the fuss about Bayek is all about though  I found him to be quite generic, all things considered. He is wellacted, but not very well written, in a sense that his personality is not welldefined or at all in the dialogues. Syndicates protagonists were a lot better.The true gem of this game, however, are the sidequests. The world is full of them, and despite their number, they are all. Not a single one feels like a grind. Everything is so well written, unique and welldesigned, that none of the sidequests feel like a chore to complete. I havent seen such a great combination of quality AND quantity since Witcher 3. Of course in this game everything is completely linear  your shouldnt expect any sort of choice, even though it sometimes can feel like you can choose, but given the premise of the plot, that makes sense. I wont lie that it didnt feels disappointing at times, but overall, it doesnt detract from the experience.A little disappointing is the sequel bait ending. Disappinting for 2 reasons  the next games/expansions protagonist is not a very likeable/interesting character. And frankly  despite the fact that this game is good, I am sick of AC games. Its a cash cow more than it is a series anymore, with an overall story arc, that is so artificially elongated, that its impossible to take seriously anymore. Enough is enough. Merge it into Watch Dogs if you like, but finish this bloody soap opera already!Gameplay is also very reminiscient of Witcher 3. Except it has disappointingly simplistic stealth mechanics and more weapon variety and each weapon type has its own moveset and gameplay dynamic, though the basic flow is still the same. I liked the gameplay. Its varied, tense and Senu is a very welcome addition that saves a lot of time.Problem is with the combats technical execution. I cant count the amount of times when I was hit by blades that were visually nowhere near my character, when I hit the enemy visually, but their health remained the same, when I activated my adrenaline and Bayek either clipped through the enemy or went for a completely diffrent one than the one I was aiming for, when the eneies warped around and spazzed out like it was some sort of laggy server its a 100 single player game. Nek!The progression system is mostly alright  its quite horizontal and most of the unlocks add variety to gameplay. Unfortunately, they decided it was a great idea to use level gating to direct player progression through the world, meaning that if you end up fighing someone that is 5 or more levels higher than you, your damage to them will be nullified and they will kill you in one hit. I understand why this was done, but Id still prefer a more elegant solution.Overall gameplaywise Syndicate is still my favourite just because it had the best stealth mechanics in the series, and I am a fan of stealth, but barring the technical issues, Origins gameplay is still really good.Origins is a good port, although it is very taxing on the CPU. Full support for 219 aspect ratios, consistent framerate, good loading times, good graphics and only 2 crashes in 50 hours of gameplay, only when intensively alttabbing. If your CPU is old like my is i72600K, you may experience some audio crackling at times. Ubisoft are working on a fix or maybe they already fixed it, I havent heard it for a while now. All keys are fully rebindable and have secondary bindings too. UI is also customizable and theres also a photo mode, which is appropriate considering how goodlooking the game is.Origins feels like a breath of fresh air in a sea of overstreamlined disgusting cash grabs that AAA games have become in the last 2 years. Despite that, it still bears the scars of the age  microtransactions albiet, the game is not grindy so I never felt like I needed to buy one of the store items. It has a season pass and a bunch of overpriced cosmetics. It has chests. But despite all that, at its core it is a fantastic game with great writing, fun gameplay and a lot of highquality content. Well done! 