Disclaimer I have not yet finished the game. Gat dayum real life.This is, far and away, the best Assassins Creed that I have played, and Ive played all of them except Unity and Rogue. Ive been wanting to return to the Middle East in an AC game ever since the seminal title, and I finally get to do it! Hooray! Now, before I get into the review proper, let me give you some idea of where my opinions stand on the franchise. First, Ive only ever finished three AC games the very first one, Brotherhood, and Syndicate. Yes, you read that right  I never finished Black Flag. If I dont mesh with a games story  which happens all too often with AC, unfortunately  they end up rotting in my game library forever. I know the overarching story mostly and I know the smaller stories of most of the games, but actually completing them is something of a challenge for me unless I am absolutely riveted. My favorite AC titles, in descending order, are Origins, Syndicate, Black Flag, 1, and 2. I know that not labeling Black Flag as the unassailable high point of the series makes me weird, but other than the amazing open world and fantastic ship battles, it was just another AC game to me.So, with that in mind, let me tell you why I fully plan on finishing Origins.STORY Thus far, Ive loved it. As with all AC games, Origins can occasionally be difficult to follow and has a tendency to jump around from plot point to plot point rather confusingly, but the writers have so far been able to keep it generally coherent by focusing on three things Bayeks relationship with Khemu, Bayeks relationship with Aya, and Bayek and Ayas quest for revenge. Sprinkled throughout are bits about the ancient civilization, naturally, and theres some Abstergo business that happens every once in a great while, but for the most part its those three pillars that hold the narrative aloft. And beyond the main story, heres something of a shock the side quests are great. Yes, you read that right  apparently Ubisoft decided that CDPR had something going with The Witcher 3, because they decided to make nearly every available side quest into an interesting ministory. Whats more, most of the side quests end up being much more than they seem at surface level, becoming far more involved and interesting the deeper into the quest you go.CHARACTERS The main characters are generally interesting, though Bayek and Aya are easily the most fleshedout. As with all AC games, its fun to see real people from history interacting with our fictional assassin. Special mention here goes to the bad guys the ones Ive encountered so far, at least most of the ones that Ive met have some sort of motive for being a giant jerk, and most of their motives are relatable and believable to the point that I have even sympathized with some of them. On top of that, the game does a better job than many of the other ACs in showing the similarities between Bayek and the people he kills, and Bayeks character does a fantastic job of emoting during these sequences. Special mention here goes to the assassination cutscenes  historically weird  where we get to watch our hero and his victim seemingly transported into another dimension to have one final teteatete. Here they actually ARE transported to the land of the dead I think? and the otherworldly things that happen during these conversations entertaining to watch.GAMEPLAY Its an AC game. Play one, play them all. The main differences here are combat, the open world, and Senu. People  like me  who hated fighting in previous AC games will be happy to hear that the combat has been completely revamped, and in my opinion it is for the better. Fighting is no longer a boring oneonone affair, and enemies swarm you like flies. Combat is fast and frenetic, and much more exciting than it has ever been. Similarly, while other titles have been fauxopen worlds, this one can deservedly claim that it is, in fact, an open WORLD. Not on the same level as Fallout, of course  this game has actual direction, after all, and you dont get to make choices beyond do it or dont  but a good comparison would be Red Dead Redemption. You have a huge and literal sandbox to play in, you can do basically anything you want in that sandbox from fighting to racing to hunting to riding your pet camel, and the world is truly massive. I approve. Finally, the removal of Eagle Vision in favor of controlling your trusty falcon Senu is perhaps my favorite gameplay change. Both a tool and a relaxation mode, Ill sometimes just go into Senu mode and fly around, taking in the utterly gorgeous scenery. It is worth every second of my time. Senu is love. Senu is life. Senu is a good bird.GRAPHICS and AUDIO The music is phenomenal, and thats all Ill say about that. The graphics, as well, are breathtaking. I cant do them justice here, so Ill just direct you to the Steam communitys collection of ingame photos. This is easily the prettiest game Ive ever played.PERFORMANCE From reading the other reviews here, it seems that a lot of people are having issues running the game after a recent patch. This is unfortunate, and I feel for them. Its my understanding that AMD cards have a bit of a rough go with this game, so keep that in mind before purchasing. My rig is as follows i5 6600k, superclocked 980ti, and 32GB of Corsair Vengeance DDR4 3200MHz. The game runs flawlessly on my rig save for a few framerate drops during cutscenes in cities. I do run the game at 1080p my monitor is a few years old so keep that in mind.And thats it. I strongly recommend this game  in fact, its probably the first AC game Id actually recommend in general, because I think that just about anyone can have fun running around in Ancient Egypt. Well done, Ubisoft. You finally delivered on one of your big hits.