Assassins Creed makes a return  with style. TLDR  9.5/10Minor spoilers alert belowPros Bayek is a really good protagonist, very well written. He is stoic and righteous most of the time, but is still prone to showing extreme human emotions, like sadness, anger, etc. He is also merciless and will do everything in order to avenge his sons death, making him even more human You will get to play a few story missions as Bayeks wife, Aya, which is interesting and can provide a bit of rest from your main character. It will also throw you out of your comfort zone, since Aya has a different approach to combat, for example Egypt is just breathtakingly beautiful. For the first time in a long while I actually really enjoyed exploring the entire map which is HUGE, btw. Ranging from animal lairs and treasure coves, to Pharaoh tombs and underwater locations, you will have lots and lots to explore and do especially if you are a completionist like myself Side quests feel a lot less like a chore and actually have good stories behind them. It only became a little bit repetitive after about 55 hours of gameplay, so dont worry about being bored too soon RPG elements of the game feel very well integrated. You will need to pay attention to your gear as it will become a difference between dying or surviving with just a sliver of health during tough battles. It might feel like regularly upgrading weapons and crafting better equipment is boring, but its actually not and its what AC needed imho Enemy AI is noticeably smarter than in previous games, although it can still be pretty dumb at times. For example, stealth killing one soldier with your bow will cause others to hurriedly seek cover behind obstacles in order to avoid same fate. They will also pick up and carry the bodies of their downed comrades in order to clean the streets, which is pretty neat and realistic Gladiatorial fights and chariot racing. There are 2 arenas in total in Egypt and each of them has lots of events if you aspire to establish yourself as a gladiator. Or, you can be a star in Alexandria region by calling on your inner Ben Hur and doing some chariot racing. Tons of fun all in all and a good passtime when you get tired of quests Not one of those chasing and tailing missions! Hurrah! Naval combat is back! You can now finally realize your dream and captain a trireme ship in some really fun missions with epic battles. Not available in freeroam, unfortunately Game performance is very steady and Ive only experienced one crash in 67 hours of playing. Graphics are beautiful, mechanics are very comfy too influence by Dark Souls, Witcher 3 and Skyrim did a lot of good to Ubisoft and ACO Lastly, the main story is great. You will witness the birth of the Assassin Brotherhood and you will love every second of it. Many, if not all things will be explained in this game.Cons Presentday segments. We have a new protagonist here, an EgyptianAmerican Layla Hassan who is trying to prove herself to Abstergo in some ways. As for me, I really didnt get it and it seems a bit forced so as not to disappoint anyone who loved a bit of parkour and exploration in previous games presentday segments. The truth is, Ubisoft could have left it out and no one would be unsatisfied with it While its mostly fun and requires you to learn your moves, combat can be a bit iffy at times. Its not a big problem, but until you get used to it, it will be annoying Some of the boss fights could have been a bit more interesting imho.All in all, a great game that definitely revitalized Assassins Creed exactly what the series needed. Let us only hope that Ubisoft will continue in this direction.