This is not an assassins creed game. At least very early in the game, this feels completely different. Where as other assassins creed games had smooth, yet slightly buggy parkour, this game doesnt have free run implemented which is a change from past games. I personally prefer the old parkour system much better, although buggy, it was always clear what you could climb and what falls you could survive. Only two hours in, and I have died countless times because a drop was slightly too high, or I tried to jump lower down onto scaffold and I flew off a cliff.The fighting system is more like dark souls II than I think they intended. It was more in depth than previous games, and you cant just wait from them to attack you and then counter and kill them in one hit like in the past. You are not an assassin. Your character is very much more suited to combat than sneaking around in the bushes, although the sneaking system is much better. You can upgrade some skills to be more like an assassin, and I have been told that you receive hidden blades later in the game, but many times missions will end with combat.However, If youre a fan of the Assassins creed series, such as myself, this game may feel disappointing to those expecting the same as last time. I personally prefer the older games in the franchise, as they are not riddle with ingame purchases, and level up systems. Assassins creed is a game that doesnt need level up, it was fine as it was for the past 9 games. Yet I am still recommending this. So early in the game, It is hard to tell what this game would be, and I will update this if my opinion changes whilst playing through it. If you are buying this game, dont buy it as an Assassins Creed game. If you look at it from an outside perspective without previous assassins creed experience than it is an entertaining game. I do prefer the old system, but if you like the combat system in dark souls and level up system of far cry, than this game is perfect for you.PS. Mounts are slightly glitchy in the way they climb cliffs like they were in skyrim.