8/101. Crashes a lot for me. rx480 CF disabled, i7 7700, 16gb ram, ssd2. 1/5 of the size/scope of skyrim, but still a good 100 hours game play in it.3. Hard mode  elephants are tough and fun, killed 4 of 4. Mine is the first photo of the second elephant dead. The game photo system didnt work for the third elephant, bugged out on me. Camera is bugging again on the final two elephant battle.HARD MODE  How I did itElephant 1 2 Melee I used flaming sword in close, shift f to chase the elephant when it runs away otherwise stay under it back legs and keep hittingElephant 3 downed Nov4, very hard, I used Cursed spear for the range, and quick shot bow to replenish health and adrenaline, and when the elephant chargesyou can run at btw just before the strike you shift f and hit it for 8k damaage, work out its counter attacks and rinse repeat 3 times to win this.Elephants 4, Downed Nov4 Take resheph first using cursed spear and composite bow as before, generate adrenaline when the elephants are far away and shift f when they get close then move away and repeat. Downed this combo boss in no time, very easy with this strategy. At this point I do have about 20 points in master melee and another 20 points master bow skills.Arena  fire boss, ouch that hurt, I ran in circles keeping my 3 health bars  whilst attacking at opportune moments, then when the boss lights his spear on fire, shift f and then keep attacking like crazy,wasting health whilst still hitting, hopefully your adrenaline pops for you to do a final Shiftf before you die and hes down, otherwise technique below if he does same attack format. On elite hard level stay at 3 bars hitting only after his 3 whirl wind then leap attack, get him with a shift left click heavy attack and move away. Rinse repeat.Anubis. Hard mode of course, Too easy again, beat 2nd time and many times after. With Composite bow fast, health on hit, this boss is like a hot knife through butter, dead every time. This Boss should be a lot harder really.4. Noticed fire resistant gear stat, but no fire resistant gear drops? So is this in the next expansion.5. 6/12/17  Game is too easy. 2nd God boss down 1st time, 3rd God boss down 3rd time, only slightly harder than other bosses. Waiting for nightmare mode.Nightmare ModeNice and difficult. Killed all four elephants on 19/12/17, using 10 bow, 24 melee mastery. Really tough elephant jumbe but once you conquer him the same strat wortks on the double elephants. Killed quetesh first in this mode.