Mass Effect Andromeda/10, with kinda  combatat least in melee.Breakdown1 Main aspect of any AC game  storyWell, in Origins it does exist, painfully average, not as bad as an idiotic mess we saw in Unity though2 The world of ancient Egypt looks beatiful, the devs done a great job reconstructing it. Had to mention something positive before going back to boring stuff. I mean its really good, like wow level of good sometimes. Did I mention that I have somethat unhealthy facination with this era? I probably should have3 Side quests for the most part mediocre fetch jobs, although there were some funny ones.4 Combata Melee Combat. This one is really funny, because it reminds me of that they tried in Unity. And they actually did it better back in Unityat least block and dodge were working back then, in Origins they work only half the time, even against the attacks they are supposed to counterb Ranged Combat. Since I already started it so Ill continue. Much better than in Unitysince it was nonexistent back then. Each type of bow actually does different things and fun to use. I had much more fun just keeping my distance and doing headshots during engagements than tryin to stab people with sword/spear/axe.c Enemies? Well it has a standart set of any AC games really cannon fodder, big guys with heavy stuff and captainsor elites, or whatever who jump around you in full armor and shield desperately trying to hit you. With that out of the way I return back to bowswow really? yes.. I dont like the idea of the enemies who need multiple headshots to kill them, even when you outlevel them. I once met a random guy, who was like 5 lvls below me and he took like 10 arrows to the head from a properly upgraded HUNTER bow, thats bs. Well he was also like 2.5 meters tall for SOME REASON, so I guess it could have explained it if the game was taking place around 40000 ad, but since it takes place around 50 bc or something immersion is completely ruined. I mean greeks didnt have eny ground marines did they?5 RPGlikeaspectoflevelingyourcharacterlikeyoucanchooseforaguywhoalreadylivedhislifethroughThis. While it adds variety, it also takes it away since you cant doby default, you have to level up. And while it does have a full right to exist, locking off equipment items with skills is just dumb. Also because of it you will HAVE to do some side activities even if you dont want toThats it. Buy it if you are a hardcore AC fan. If youre a true fan like me, you probably wont enjoy it. I wasnt trying to write a proper review, its just a collection of thoughts that I had playing this game