I originally wrote a review saying that this game was visually stunning but that the gameplay and story were kinda meh. After another few hours of gameplay, exploring the world a bit more, and getting a bit further into the story, I can slightly revise that.The games still visually stunning. Seriously. One of the most beautiful games Ive ever played. But the rest of the game is... really quite good. It takes some getting used toI think Id just say dont go in expecting a standard Assassins Creed game. Because this is a very good game, and I think most of what I didnt like about it was due to expecting one thing and getting something slightly different. Like taking a swig of something expecting it to be Coke and finding that its Dr. Pepper. Just throws you off a bit.The controls take a little bit of getting used to. Theyre not bad, and I can see the logic in them now. But it just doesnt feel as fluid as previous AC games. I dont feel quite like Im controlling an unstoppable parkourrunning ninja. Just a kind of badass warrior.Ditto with combat. Its a weird mix of traditional AC style sneaking and sniping and jumping fools from bushes, combined with a kind of Witcher 3 combat style. Its not bad, however I hope they refine it just a little in future updates, though. Combat remains the area of this game that Im the least impressed by. It just feels somewhat inaccurate and haphazard. I appreciate breaking away from the timedbuttonmashing AC style, where I knew I could take out any number of opponents as long as I timed the block/parry button correctly... but its also a bit frustrating feeling like my characters hitbox is like three times bigger than he is.The story is not as shallow as it seemed after my first few hours, but Im still not blown away with the way its presented. I do appreciate that theyre revealing things bit by bit and not holding my hand, but at the same time, my first few hours I still felt like Id missed somethingnot like I was being led down a suspenseful path to learn more. But so far, the storys enjoyable. Just... I wish they gave another minute or two of exposition at the very beginning. Set the stage just a bit more.So, anyway. This game is better than I gave it credit for to begin with. Really, really good game.