this is a review forAssasins Creed Origins.The change in format is nice. Ubisoft had to do something to revive this awesome series. Sadly though, It has the result of leaving the player lost as to what is going on or why Beyek is doing X quest. he meets with old friends... No idea who they are. He gets angry about an enemy doing X.... no Idea why. Even in the main quests with the exception of the scarab There is no background or storytelling as to WHY or WHO the great enemy is. In the witcher 3 this was a little bit expected, because we knew the characters had been through 3 games and a heap of books together to get to that point. They had a deep background Assisting the new player or someone whod not read the books, was easily fixed through a Glossary/journal. So when the inevitable questions arise, Who the hell is Tahira again? or How has the Jackal actually been hurting people? One can easily go to a sub menu for help. Just like the quick referance books the designers would have found invaluable throughout every mission creation, or tweak.The game has been engineered beautifully, The combat flows from stealth to fight pretty well, and the scenery and culture is magnificently immersive, BUT whats the point if a player of every AC title has no idea whats going on 90 of the time. In reality Ubisoft have created and Ptolomaic Egypt simulator. or forgotten to pay the writers enoughWith this in mind.or they update to include a glossary in game.NB Having now completed the main storyline, its obvious that the great and possibly only fail with this game is the writing. Which sadly is one of the Key tennents required to make a game good.The story instead reads like a High school student wrote a short story by abridging  a Times best seller in to two pages of notes. What were left with is a disjointed storyline where charaters come and go at random, motivations are just never explained or even hinted at after the first 2 hours of play. Even the ending is rushed, unexplained, and disjointed. In fact the lastI could go on but I think its safe to say that MUCH to my great dissapointment, I dont think Ill ever be able to recommend this game. In fact without the laurels of the rest of the series to lean on, I doubt it would have ever even been published. Let alone successful.