Origins is easily the best game in the series so far. Heres why I think soCOMBATCombat in Origins is the single biggest improvement over previous games in the series. Theyve clearly taken cues from the Dark Souls games here. The combat isnt quite at the same level of depth and difficulty as Souls, but its in that same style, and thats a very good thing, Combat was, in my opinion, the weakest part of previous AC games. Before Origins, enemies mostly attacked you one at a time, and being even halfway decent at countering and dodging meant you were basically unkillable from the start. Now, archers work together to flank you from multiple sides, while shield units charge you from the front, and mounted units stay at range while moving in and out to pick at you. You have to be constantly moving and thinking about position, timing, shield directiom, and incoming enemy attacks arrows, and different types of melee that require different reactions. I cant stress enough how much more fun, tense, and rewarding these combat improvements make this game compared to previous entries in the series. I recommend playing on hard.SETTINGS  EXPLORATIONThis is another major high point of this game. Its up there with Witcher 3 in terms of environmental setting and immersion, which is just about the highest praise I can give. The world is huge, rich, and beautiful. Running around and exploring is just as engaging as any of the quests, and there are a ton of areas, objectives, and random events everywhere that constantly keep things interesting. You use your hawk to find nearby areas, camps, quests, treasure, or convoys to rob. Its a great mechanic that makes exploration feel accessible and fun, but its integrated in a way that doesnt break immersion or feel too godly.STORY  QUESTSThe main story is pretty solid so far, but nothing too special. The side quests are a lot more interesting than any of the previous AC games side quests. Most of them have quite a bit of back story and dialogue, so it feels like youre interacting with the world rather than just running somewhere and pressing some buttons. The writing is fine, again nothing too special  nowhere near as good as Witcher 3s writing  story, but on par with most other broadappeal AAA games. There is a little bit of reptition with the bandit camps and forts, but I actually find those so fun that I dont mind it at all. Also, Ive never really been a big fan of the present day aspect of AC games, and luckily that part has been pretty minimal so far.PROGRESSIONAs you probably already know, Origins has moved a bit toward the action RPG genre with a deep skill tree, upgradeable weapons, and visible hit point/damage numbers during combat. Im personally a big fan of this change. I feel more invested in the character than I have with previous AC games, and the progression feels very rewarding. Different skills and weapon types have a major impact on how you play, so it feels like your choices really matter, and arent just miniscule stat changes.GRAPHICSIts beautiful. The attention to detail in the environment, terrain, architecture, and wildlife is fantastic. This has always been a strong suit of AC, and this game continues to raise that bar.PERFORMANCEI havent experienced the performance and stability issues that some other reviews have mentioned. But clearly some people have had issues, so its worth considering. For whatever its worth, Im running it on max settings with a GTX 1080, i74820k, 16gb RAM and an SSD. My framerate drops to about 4050 in Alexandria, but is always above 60 everywhere else. I had a few issues with static in the sound, but restarting the game fixed it every time.DLC  MICROTRANSACTIONSI bought the standard base game no special edition or anything, and Im glad I did  I dont think Im missing out on anything. It certainly doesnt pigeonhole you into microtransactions. You can spend real money on items and ability points if you want, but the game is designed so that ignoring the microtransaction aspect entirely doesnt make you feel like youre missing out on the real game. I havent spent real money on anything since buying it, and I dont plan to.