The scope of the world and the attention to detail is breathtaking in every way.Ive put over 50 hours in the game and have barely scratched the surface including its story. The price of admission is well worth it just for the open world aspect, with the limitless freedom and variety of activities to do and experience. Hands down a masterpiece and a breath of fresh air from the previous tittles.With that said, so far the story is well fleshed out and the historical figures introduced seem to be tailored magnificently in regards to suspension of disbelief. Bayek is both a down to earth and a vicious character much needed for the franchise. Long gone are the very serious/ bland to the overwhelmingly annoying Looking at you AC Syndicate iterations.Senu, your trusted companion, is a welcomed added mechanic, especially for the open and vast world Ubisoft has given us. Its uncanny how Senu integrates very well with gameplay, and acting out as a free form extension of Bayek, with no limits to free roam and exploration. Want to be a predatory bird and see the whole world of Egypt? Then this game is for you. Although I did not play Watch Dogs 2, it seems Ubisoft has integrated the Drone physics with Senu.The photo mode as seen in games like LoTR Shadow of Mordor is also present here. Although somewhat limited, its a very welcomed addition and can generate and frame the true beauty the world has to offer to the beholders eyes.The variety of clothing Skins Is the best yet for the AC universe, with great attention to detail. Each outfit is tailored to fit the setting as well as other surrounding regions very well, along with one of the best Legendary skins in the game given to you very early in the story.  I have acquired 12 different skins already and have barely scratched the surface of the game as I have yet to discover 75 of other regions available.Underwater swimming. Its not much, but Ill be damned if I dont mention that I absolutely love the fact I can free dive anywhere and look for sunken treasures in the Nile and other great seas. One of my biggest gripes with the franchise was the lack of free diving and exploring the depths and shallows. Black flag gave us instanced areas to explore, but AC Origins gives you full reins of Poseidons gift, even as far as adding a talent in the skill tree that allows you to dive for longer periods of time.The NPCs, animals and environmental physics are FANTASTIC. Hunting crocodiles, lions, cheetahs, hippos and so much more, is engaging and gives you a lot of room for role playing the hunt. Animals interact with one another as the natural cycle of life would in the real world. Many times you will come across crocodiles battling out Hippos giving you great photo mode shots and a true spectacle to witness.The desert. The sand, is so good. So good. I detest deserts in games. I really do. To me deserts are lazy attempts at expanding a world with little effort as opposed to a cluttered and highly meshed environment. here the sands feel real, the wind blowing the sand across the peaks and mounds of the Sahara and the rest of the world are very believable. Footprints are a given, and also other amazing details Ill leave for you to discover.The Lore. There is so much lore in this iteration to put all other AC games to shame tenfold. Each nook and cranny in the world has lost scrolls, markings and objects that give historical as well as comical reading material. Scrolls/ puzzles, all offer context to the world as well as current events set around Bayek and the populace.The historical landmarks. No much to say here that I have not said already. Absolutely breathtaking. Just wait till you arrive at the great city of Alexandria and Memphis.Assassins Creed Origins offers a wide a diverse living and breathing world full of wonders and treasures to find and so much more that I hope you find joy in discovering, enough to keep you busy for a very long time like myself.ProsCant comment yet on storyVisually stunning.New combat overhaul has a soulslikeish flow to it.Charismatic protagonist.Stays true to historical details.Massive open world. NO LOADING SCREENS Only when fast travellingConsCant comment yet on storySome performance issues for AMD users. Currently being worked onHigh CPU usage Reported due to DRM Currently being worked onCombat may not be a welcomed change for everyone.Hunting for resources can feel very repetitive.Stealth is no longer the staple of the game.Day one DLC and micro transactions.