Okay. So I just got this game yesterday, in doubt about whether it would work or not, whether I would fry my CPU or not, things like that. I can say, that DRM may be an issue in this game, however it runs fine for me. While I was running the game, my core temps were 6570 C, which is a bit warm and above average for most games. I ran the settings at Medium, and averaged 80 FPS, which is definitely low. Lots of reviews exaggerate how the antipiracy effects the game, when it really doesnt. I dont even have that great of a PC.Intel Core i5 7500 Kaby LakeGTX 1060 6GB16GB DDR4BUY THIS GAME, FIXES WILL COME, AND IT WILL WORK.ProsGameplay is smooth af. The parkour is a lot smoother than past games.Graphics. I think this is what mainly sets it apart from other assassins creed games. The graphics are something that you would expect from a poor cgi movie, which is to say the least, good for a video game.Story. The storyline is very immersive. Theres hardly any repetition, every boss and main mission has its own uniqueness to it, and is simply addicting.Different weapons. The variety of weapons is great, and theres lots of different styles of attacks that you can do. Ex, slow maces/fast swordsOpinion ConsThe combat. I simply dont like the combat, its too difficult for me. I completely forgot about the shield feature until I realized I had it, and I lose most big battles at least once. I might just be garbage though.Abilites. The entire ability tree seems like something thats necessary to win, however its not. Its just difficult for me to choose certain things and it makes the game feel weird.Damage. The damage is a bit weird in the game. Sometimes I can kill someone in 3 fast hits, sometimes it hardly does any damage at all. May just be the way I fight.ConsCPU Usage. This puts my CPU to 100 usage when I play, and puts my core temp at 70 C. Keep in mind I use an intel stock fan so you will definitely be lower if you have liquid cooling or a better fan.FPS. I run this on medium settings, but my FPS caps at 70, which makes no sense because I can run other AAA titles at 100 on very high settings. Hopefully becomes better soon.