Wow.Lets start by saying I am a huge fan of the Assassins Creed series, and Witcher 3 is my favorite game of all time. Considering this game is like the two had an illegitamate love child, it is freaking amazing to me.Here is my attempt to articulate why.GameplayFantastic. Lets get one thing straight, AC origins is a long game. It took me near 80 hours to finish my first playthrough. Even at hour 79 I was still loving it. Zero boredom, even after I beat the main story and was just clearing the leftover areas of interest I had missed. The combat is good. Sword play is pretty standard, but once you learn some more moves it becomes a little more nuanced than just hack and slash. I really enjoyed the addition of real ranged combat. Not the silly auto aim hold a button to shoot from old games. Real, aim down the sites, third person shooting. with bows The quest structure is great, in addition the the main story lines each section is filled with side quests that help flesh out what is going on. For example, an oppresed area may see you kill the head oppressor, but the side quests will have you helping out the various oppressed people in the area. Fun, varied, engrossing, and well designed.GraphicsA stunner. This is, in my opinion, the most gorgeous open world game I have ever played. Maybe even the most gorgeous game period. From the incredibly realistic water to the fire that pops off the screen, as vibrant as real life, this game is stunning. The wind sweeps up the dust that was just kicked up into the air by your footsteps, accurately illimunated by the suns rays. Different pieces of cloth bounce up and down individuily as you run, the layers moving independently yet interconnectedly. The smoke from the fires rises up in the air, some of it more visible/illuminated than other parts depending on if it is in direct sunlight or not. Deep green leaves, colorful foliage, even the golden sand is beautiful. Just gorgeous all around.Upgrade SystemMan is it nice to have an AC with some character progression and perks to choose. Think FF 15 style upgrades. Branching paths of related perks that increase a certain aspect of your characters abilities. There is a ranged path, hand to hand path, and a tools path smoke bombs that can hurt people, sleep darts, fire bombs, etc Really gives you a reason to get out there and do every mission for that XP. Also, weapons and armor have perks now, and different levels of quality. This style of loot and character building fit into the AC gameplay loop seamlessly.SettingAncient Egypt is a really cool place to explore and quest through. From the iconic pyramids to the Library of Alexandria, it is incredible to see famous ancient buildings brouight to life in a convincing manner. They sure did their homework when it comes to what life would have been like back then. You meet well known historical figures, help famous Egyptian Gods or animals they worhipped as Gods, aide roman oracles, all kinds of historically interesting activities. There are tombs to explore, war elephants to kill, landmarks to search for papyrus riddlesin, all while roman/greek/egyption cultures are clashing in the background. They nailed it here. I will say the game misses the animus database of previous entries. I have hope this will be fixed with Discovery mode, which should come out soon early 2018So, ya, hopefully this helps someone understand what the game is about and what makes it, in my eyes, so great. I have never made a steam review, but this game was so good it compelled me to.Good job Ubi, this game is a gem.