Review in progress1. Looting. Theres no hold E to loot for most of the items. You do have to hold it for the larger items, but thats not a big deal since its faster than before and its not all the time. 1 for me.2. Game is beautiful. Draw distance is superb and adds to the realism. Characters are highly detailed.3. Performance is really good Very High settings at 1440p on a 1070 laptop 4570 fps depending on the area. Desktop is 7090 fps at very high 1440p 1080ti. Theres also a lot of PC specific settings, benchmarking, and in the options menu itll tell you how the game ran for the past 30 seconds by giving you a graph with fps and frametime for CPU and GPU.4. In terms of gear, you can obviously gain loot from high ranking captains and such, but you if you find a certain sword or bow that you like, you can go to a blacksmith and upgrade your weapon and itll scale to your level.5. No Chromatic abberation, film grain, vignetting, or motion blur. 4 for me.6.I like that you have a mount.7. You have a more control over your parkour. In previous games I got annoyed at times because my character would run up a wrong wall or do something that I didnt want them to do. So far, this version seems to be more fluid. While Im talking about parkour, it doesnt play as significant of a role as previous games. Which is fine by me. Its fun, but it did become monotonous in the other titles.8. Combat system does take some getting used to9. There is automovement like using the jeep in FC4, which is nice so you can enjoy the scenery. You can create custom markers to auto travel to  youre not limited to objectives.10. Side missions are much, much better than before. Granted I havent played them all and they may end up becoming repetitive, but they feel a lot like the Witcher 3s side quests. Now, theyre no where near as good as the Witcher I mean, the Barons side quests were some of the best Ive ever played, but for Ubisoft to take some time and flesh them out, add variety, fully voice act a lot of them shows theyre trying to make a change. In the previous AC games, I rarely did the side missions. They felt so boring, repetitive, and completely forgetable.11. The world feels alive. Black Flag and Unity were excellent in creating the world that felt alive and bustling. Syndicate felt dead. I think they took another cue from Witcher here.12. I like the main character a lot. I think the voice actor did a great job. But a lot of times the mocap seems off with his lips...Not MEA bad, just not as good as it could be.It feels like they took a few of the better ideas from other successful games while maintaining the AC identity. Glad I bought it. I was skeptical at first because Ubisoft has a way of making games look and play better than they actually are, but I think this one is a good and much needed change for the series. There are a lot of things in the open world that are useless and are simply clutter, but I think the new changes make the game a much better entry to the series than the stagnant yearly release it was in before. Ill be updating the review once Im finished with the game to discuss story/characters. 