If you can bear with some FPS drops  in cities and during certain events  and random glitches  horses can defy gravity and other wacky stuff  you are up for lots of fun and challenge.I completed the game on the hardest difficulty with fulllegendary gear and mount, all I can say is no grind is needed and theres no need to buy stuff from store. As it clearly states  time savers and special items are there only to help you, their lack in the game doesnt hinder you in any way, in fact, there are much better items than those available by playing the game and completing  side  quests every now and then.There are many interesting sidequests which will keep you busy and entertained, doing those will help you get stronger and richer  literally . You wont feel yourself doing stupid chores over and over for some NPC guy, instead you will find yourself being involved in events where your help really does matter.Lots of hidden locations around the world like Ancient Tombs which hold an Ancient Stone, which rewards a skill point, along with lots of gold and treasures. Hermit places where you can rest will also give you skill points. Beating Elephant Riders  yep game has those  also gives you points. Did I mention Chariot Races and Gladiator Arenas? Well, there are certainly enough places for you to go should you get tired of treasure hunting or killing scum of the Egypt.Many quests involve Egyptian / Roman Mythology  knowledge of those Gods and Lore is not required in order to complete them , helping you understand more about how religion and lives of people were entwined. Political situation betweem Egypt, Rome and Greece is well reflected in game  you can see who was prospering and who was suffering from intrigues, contracts and connections with authorities. Secret cults, grave robbers, bandits and other filth, infesting cities or lurking in the ruins  you will meet them all.Game world is beautiful and full of shapes and colours. Lots of pictures made by other players will reveal sides you couldnt imagine to see. It is quite large and contains cities, forests, deserts, islands and even sea itself! You wont be walking on your twos alone  different mounts will help you travel quickly between areas that you havent unlocked yet  fast traveling to cities and observer points help a lot , you can even use autotravel option which works on areas with roads or just travel straight line automatically. Its very convenient and time saving. Random events on your way wont let you feel bored  a citizen may be in danger from a wild lion whos hungry or bandits camping poor merchant on his way to the city. Will you stop and change the fate of poor people or just go your way?There are many other things in game which you can see yourself, as well as an option to avenge fellow assassin players. Should another player of similar level die somewhere near you, his corpse will spawn in your world and allow you to find his killers and punish them. Doing so will award you with sweet 250 XP and sensation of justice, delivered swiftly and righteously.To sum up  Its a good and interesting game. Few bugs here and there and performance issues may still appear every now and then. Still, nothing stops you from completing it. If you want to play an RPG game in a world of Ancient Egypt, get it, you wont regret buying it. 