My system is a 7700k clocked at 4.6, GTX 1070 clocked at 2050, 16GB of DDR4 at 3000, and Im running off an SSD. My cpu usage while running this game is between 40 and 60 with the highest peak I have measured being 71. I am running a dual radiator liquid cooler and so far my peak temp has been 76 F.I am running the game at 1080p with the graphics preset at a mix of high and very high with AA turned down to medium. I get an almost completely solid 60 FPS with the occasional dips to 5758 in the most taxing areas, there are very occasional dropped frames but it is nothing different than anything you would see while running your settings as high as you can while trying to keep a steady 60FPS in any other game. Honestly the performance is much better than Syndicate on my system which is especially surprising considering how unbelievably beautiful this game is.In terms of the gameplay the climbing and movement mechanics have been overhauled and personally I am having the easiest time getting where I want to go I have ever experienced in an AC game, I really cannot understand people complaining about its difficulty. Combat is completely changed and is much closer to a Witcher style vs the button prompts of the past, it is very enjoyable and fleshed out but takes away slightly from the cinematic flow of the other games  not better or worse, just different. This is a very very different Assassins Creed and with my experience so far Id say the best since 2 my favorites of all time excluding this are 2 and 4 with Syndicate being a distant 3rd. A complete reinvention for the series but absolutely fantastic in execution.If your primary concerns have been cpu usage and poor performance  like mine were  I am here to tell you I believe the problems have been greatly exaggerated due to anti DRM lashback and your usual flood of anti Ubisoft sentiment. I enjoy Assassins Creed games for the most part and dislike Ubisoft for the most part. I always am very careful when purchasing their games but I can say this is an absoutely safe bet if you are on the fence. 