Ive gone back and forth numerous times on how to review Assassins Creed Origins. On one hand, when it works, its an excellent game, possibly the best in the series. This despite being a drastic deviation from the classic Assassins Creed formula, which had honestly become quite stale in recent years.Changing the game to be more of an open world light RPG with loot mechanics ended up being a really good idea, because the gameplay feels fresh again, while still maintaining some of that Assassins Creed feel. Theres a buttload of content, both side missions and main missions, and especially the side missions are really imaginative, fun and varied.The world is also really good. It looks gorgeous and is full of interesting stuff to explore and just look at. Heck, theyre patching in a noncombat mode where you can just casually explore the world for historical purposes, and that kinda tells you all you need to know. To me, the world alone is almost worth the purchase.All that being said, the PC version is not amazing. Its got a ton of different settings and options you can tweak, but none that solve the real problems the version has. I first started playing on a Core I54670K system and the game ran like a turd. Every time I got into a city, the framerate would plummet to the low 20s or even below, and frankly thats unacceptable. But hey, you can always upgrade your system, right? Well, now Im running a Core I78700 with a GTX 1080 and the fastest consumer SSD you can buy, and the game STILL runs poorly! Not as poorly as before, because now my CPU doesnt always hit 100 usage, but instead hovers around 9193 most of the time. The game stutters, the framerate fluctuates wildly and occasionally this will actively impact gameplay, because the combat is fast and reaction based and when your framerate is pogoing between 20 and 60, thats not a great combination.So, do I give the game a thumbs down because performance this poor especially performance thats apparently caused by DRM run rampant is not acceptable and publishers need to learn that they cant dump on paying customers in an effort to protect their bottom lines? Or do I give the game a thumbs up, because hidden under those technical problems and bad management decisions is one of the best games of 2017? I guess Id rather give a thumbs up to a creative team that did amazing work than a thumbs down to a management team who need to pull their heads out of whatever orifices theyre stuck in.