Decided to give this game another shot after being initally put off by it.Dont know about the new DRM thats supposedly dumping on peoples CPUS, but the game has always ran fine on high for me, I7, GTX 970, SSD. Before and after the change in DRM Maybe Im just roasting my computer but everythings still working shipshape.ProsStorys enough to keep you invested Although the present dayis boring so far, RIP Desmond. Combat is satisfying enough once you find the type of weapon that feels right to you, it is completely reworked from previous titles. cool variation in the bows shotgunish, sniperish, rapid fire, and regular, riding around in the desert and the nile feels cool. Awesome assassination sequences. Plenty of sidequests to keep you busy and youll have to do them to level up and progress further. Map feels HUGE. Parkour is the smoothest in the seriesif only by being extremely dumbed down, more on this below, only jumped to my death twice so far. Enough content present to warrent 60 but not a ing cent more, they really try to get you on the microtransactions, just ignore it completely. The game is fine without them. Crafting and upgrading weapons and gear works fine and is simple enough to not take up all your time. Just gathering materials turns into a fun little thing to do when youre not stabbing, unless youre stabbing for said materials then yay. And of course Egypt is baller and the graphics are good lookin. Random crazy sandstorms. Also can get Ezios outfit off uplay 10/10ConsLock on system for combat is truely y and I despise it. Not sure if you can remap the way it works, or even if itd be any better afterwards. Water combat is also pretty y, at least against crocs and hippos. Absolutely zero challenge or finnese required in the parkour. You can climb literally everything and anything with ahair of a crack in it. I understand itd be hard to make it like the old games where it required an iota of thought considering its open world but still. You cant really kill things 34 levels above you. Which I guess makes sense because of how low the max level is and how slowly you progress. Still frusterating that you can get the complete jump on someone with the hidden blade and it doesnt dodiddly. Also, havent found a way to deploy the hidden blade manually just to look at it like you could in the others for the slick sound or to assassinate the next fool you run into. Dont think you can. No sprinting which doesnt really matter with how quickly you move anyway but i like to have the option. Its a Uplay game which sucks the fat peen. No one likes thatOverall if you like assassins creed youll probably like it, if you dont like assassins creed youll probably still like it because its considerably different from the previous titles and pushes some boundries the series had yet to push.Be wary of your CPUs ability to run this game without it ing yourup with what I hear from other reviews. The first cutscene where Bayek is falling was framey for me but it cleared up and never had an issue after that.TLDR Killed some greeks and ed a camel 11/10 