If I had to sum up Orgins in one word it would be disappointingI have played AC since the first one all the way up to black flag. My favorite was AC2 and brotherhood. I heard the last two unity and syndicate were horrible, so I skipped them. I had alot of spare time over the holiday and saw steam reviews talking positivly of the game so I bought it. So first a quick summery then detailed review.ProsFantastic graphics. One of the best looking games Ive ever seenGood historical representation of egyptian architecture of the time, very cool to see the painted temples and explore pyramids.Desert HalucinationsConsWorst story out of any AC ive ever played. Cringe inducingly bad.Bad frame rates even though I have a high end graphics cardWeird new combat system, and movement that feels sticky.Leveling up.Paid Microtransaction I didnt buy any but it does not belong in a game of this type at allDistractingly bad voice actingWay too easy, no challenge, grindyMany people have complained about performance issues in their reviews, it is true there are some strange frame rate drops, and weird sound issues, but im sure ubisoft will fix those before xmas. I got around 4050fps on high settings and it was playable but a little distracting on some parts of the map.The graphics are increidable. One of the reasons I gave this game a chance was I love the time period. Ancient egypt was amazing. So If the game ever goes on sale to maybe 20 I would recomend it for graphics and setting alone, but not 60Ubisoft made the weird choice of turning AC into a quasi RPG. You have to level your weapons, the only way to do this is by hunting animals and ambushing convoys. Both these things are fun for a while but then it becomes really grindy. If you encounter an enemy a couple levels above you, your dead. Enemies a few levels below you are too easy to kill. Try to use hidden blade on enemies above your level? They will grab your hand and bash you in the head with an axe.The reason Ubisoft did this, is by turning the game into a rpg leveling system, they can get some people to buy DLC to skip the grind. This is a stupid design decision probably put in by upper management, and made the gameplay much worse. There is no difference between a level 1 sheild and a level 40 sheild in appearance, Only the number of its level. Same for enemies this is distracting and frustrating. A level 1 hyena is easy to kill, but a level 30 hyena when you are level 20 and your dead.The combat system is weird compared to past AC where Ezio would seemlesly connect with enemies and it felt very fluid. This combat feels cluncky and sticky in comparison. I dont know why they changed the system as it seemed to work just fine in past games. most of the game on lower enemies you wont notice the cluncky combat, as all you have to do is spam light attack, But fighting higher level bosses or war elephants it really shows, and is very frustrating, when you tell the charecter to move one way and it seems stuck to the ground.My biggest issue and why I wouldnt recomend it is the story line. The whole reason I got hooked on this series was the great writing. It was like playing a book, and really pulled you in. The writing in this game has the opposite affect, it pulls you out of the game with how terrible it is. For example, I just finished the game, and still have no idea what happened in the intro. I dont think the intro was done that way for effect, I think they just couldnt write it so they just drop you in this unexplained mess.I will try to summerize the issue without dropping spoilers. It seems Ubisoft either fired every good writer they had, or the writers left. They then went to the local community college and hired 50 womens studies majors to write the script. I have no problem with women in video games, but every woman and girl in the game is the ultimate warrior, while almost every guy in the game has some woman yelling at him to fight more and not be a coward. You get bashed over the head with this so many times eventually all I could do was cringe at my next lecture. I get it Ubisoft, women are equal to men, so hire women and men who actually know how to write a STORY next time.Sometimes the writing is so bad its comical. On a side mission I have to convince this lady not jump off a cliff. She talks about her love of herons. I have to get her a heron feather. The only way to do this is to kill a heron. All of a sudden herons fly in front of you and you shoot one down with an arrow, its bloody corpse staining the rocks on the cliff below. Yeah lady i just murdered your favorite bird but heres a heron feather for you thank you she says I guess I wont commit suicide after all  Seriously UBI, I have no writing experiance whatsoever, but I gurantee you I could write you better stories than that.On top of this you spend all game grinding to get certain weapons to use at the end of the game against the bosses, and then half of the end game you dont get to use them because girl power reasons. Thats just annoying. Like why did i just spend 2 hours slaughtering desert goats to get this stuff? For UBI to take it away so they can lecture me more about how women are as baddass as men. I already learned that in the first 60 hours of gameplay UBI.By far worst chrarecter, writing, and voice acting award goes to Layla the person in the animus. Everytime I got pulled out of the Animus I was like Oh God, not this againSame for the speeches from the ones who came before The voice actors sound like the people who sat next to me in freshman communication class, and the writing is like it was done by a hungover intern who was just reading the wikipedia artical on conspicarcy theories, whilst watching old reruns of ancient aliens. Encounters with the ones who came before in past games was creepy and mysterious. In this game its just some one reading philiospohy 101 cliches like if a tree falls in a forest with a garbled voice. boring.So to sum it all up, Ancient egypt was the perfect setting for a great story. I am actually impressed by how badly they messed up the story. How do you mess that up? Its ancient egypt. This should have been a great game, but ubisoft obvioulsy treated the story as an afterthought. Next time a little less effort on trying to find ways to mess things up with grindy nonsense and dlc and a little more effort into story. I hope that all of the graphics team at Ubisoft that worked on this game get raises, all the writers get fired, and the troll that suggested putting dlc in this type of game gets locked in a basement at coporate headquarters.One last part of the game that is so bad, it is actually good is driving chariots and carts. They are very buggy. I had to hijack this chariot full of food for orphans or something and while running away and trying to shoot arrows at the enemy the cart somehow jumped over the side of a bridge burst into flames and fell into the water, horses and all. Sorry kids, no food tonight I laughed for about 3 mins straight till I cried. If Ubisoft made a comically bad cart simulator DLC for 1 I might buy it. 