Disclaimer I received this game as a gift. After playing it, I definitely would have bought it myself.Assassins Creed is back, this time with a big helping of The Phantom Pain, and a dollop of Far Cry. The influences Ubisoft took for Assassins Creed Origins did wonders for the game. While earlier games are fairly repetitive, had limited open worlds, and lacked interesting stories, Origins does not. Everything about this game is a pleasant surprise.This time were in ancient Egypt caught in a power struggle between Ptolemy and Cleopatra. The open world is massive, and, thankfully, varied and detailed. Cities all feel a bit different. The world feels populated and dense. Outposts and points of interest are littered everywhere. The map is crammed full of side quests. Animals populate the outskirts of towns, and even interact with one another like a proper ecosystem. Graphically, its gorgeous. Sprawling vistas, lush greens, and some of the best looking water in games ensure that the massive open world is always a visual treat.Storywise, Assassins Creed Origins is rock solid. The lead characters, Bayek and Aya, feel like real people and behave like real people despite their circumstances. The opening of the game is dark, but this is no boring, brooding story. The story isnt fantastic, but its solid enough to not be a chore.Gameplay is the best its ever been. Bayeks movement feels fluid, freerunning is mostly seamless, and combat has been radically changed. Combat this time is all about speed and mobility. Theres less of a reliance on parrying and defense and more of a focus on outflanking. Theres a bunch of weapon types that all behave differently. Standard swords, beefy warhammers/axes, spears, scepters, sickle swords, and several types of bows. Theres something for every playstyle. No matter what you choose, theres satisfying finishers at the end of combat. In gameplay is where the influences of The Phantom Pain and Far Cry show through. The open world gives you the freedom to tackle things how you want to, and youre free to experiment at any time.Assassins Creed Origins is a great game. It smashed my doubts of whether or not Assassins Creed had it in itself to be fresh and engaging again. Anyone who has been turned off by the series stream of mediocre games needs should come back for this one, you might just feel the same. 