much better considering the recent titles in the series. it has timed events which can be a touchy subject when it comes to getting gear for players that the average player base would want. large open world  much larger than assassins creed syndicate.from my perspective its 4 times larger. game has swimming and diving. it has an rpg skill tree so its best to think the game in a differernt perspective. nice underwater environments, visually very nice. it ha s social media like feature like taking pictures and sharing them with the cumminitycons  it has microtransactions they get advertised during the load screens, i personally find that microtransactions are cancer. very high price so i recommend you buy this game only when it goes on sale, by then it would be a better experience but you will miss out on the exclusive events  ugly move i find. i recommend a strong graphics card to enjoy the experience because of the huge map size  even my i7 6700k and 1080 gtx oc still has load times and it still needs to buffer. game is stressful on your cpu and graphically intense  !you have been warned!. game needs better optimization for higher graphic settings  something to keep in mind if you have a rig. my rig shorted out several times, so it somehow is consuming power at a higher rate compared to other high graphic games.there are some serious bugs that go beyond the standard cosmetic bugs that follow the trend from previous games in the franchise  some npcs through during the cutscenes would have audio bugs aka moving lips no sound. shooting enemies with arrows will not work sometimes, arrows pass through them even when your cursor is highlited red  even at point blank even if your a hard core fan of the franchise, dont buy this with an asterix it needs refinement with its problems and its price is just way to high for the problems i experiencedupdate with the new patch on dec 12.2017, alot of  the issues have been addressed. it shows on my rig  positive improvementcons so far... i still cant use my berserk darts... something i have used alot in the past with previous games is still not patched and fixed 