Update 2018 2 Okay, so a patch came out and it actually runs better or sometimes the same. So the Intel Leak thing wasnt a big problem after all.This is a SpoilerFree review, this review is biased to my Opinion on the game as far as Ive played it.Oh boy, guys. Here comes Ubisoft back again with another Assassins Creed game. And how did they do, you may ask?Bittersweet, I guess you could say.The game is amazing, dont get me wrong. Its like Watch Dogs 2 if it was in Egypt, not like thats bad or anything.They improved on the Combat System since Syndicate came out and made it almost like Dark Souls.They improved on the Story, so now there are seperate quests you can go on thatll help you upgrade yourself as you continue through the main story. And theyre actually pretty fun, almost feel like main missions.The world is so ing big, to the point where I still dont know where I am if Im either in the middle of ing nowhere in the desert or discovering enemy bases or discovering new cities. It really makes you feel adventurous.Now, this doesnt mean that this game has its flaws, and there are a few pretty big ones.For example, the optimization is still basically they learned nothing from Watch Dogs 2 about how to optimize for greater performace. So you better have 400300 ing dollars to spend on a new Ryzen or i7 or else your FX or i5 will be bending down itsand leaving you at 2030 fps, 40 if youre even lucky.You die a lot, so get ready to rage quit a lot.Grinding is a pain in the I hate when RPGs do this to make sure the player explores the rest of the game. If youre level 8 and want to do a main quest that is level 11. You better be ready, or else youll have aton of instant deaths on that same enemy.Sometimes you feel side tracked from the main story and forget some of it. And some characters arent exactly rememberable like in the past games. That may be due to the wide expansive world and the amount of characters.Other than that, would I recommend this game?You have a PC that can run this at full 60fps? Get it.You have a PC that cant even run Crysis 3 at Max? Dont even think about it.You enjoy Grinding? Get it.Youre a fan of the Assassins Creed series in general? Get it.Youre a fan of Dark Souls? Give it a try, I can assure that itll be worth every penny.Its on sale for 5530 dollars? Get it, except maybe 55 if youre not sure you can run it.You have money to spend it on? Be catious and make sure you can run it, but get it.My final verdict It was pretty good, I enjoyed it and hated it at some parts. I would recommend this game.