Ill preface this by saying that I still consider Black Flag to be my favorite of the franchise. That being said, there are really good things to say about Origins, as it is now second on my list. Detail UNGODLY. This is one gorgeous game in every sense of the word. Historical relevancy Amazing execution and accurate Physics Realistic and immersive. Some insane coding went into Origins. Emotional value Raw and incredibly endearing. Protagonist Unique and relatable, if a little niave Consequences You are genuinely punished for stepping beyond your capabilities.However, some things were difficult to acclimate to, even if they were not inherently bad mechanics. That godlike assassin sense of self power is absent with the implimentation of more realistic physics and AI. The animus seeking mechanics are difficult to take advantage of initially  pro tip, get your synch points. Side quests are difficult to track if they are multiple parts, and many do not feel relevant to the campaign whatsoever. Assassination missions arent easy to proactively search. However, given the context of narrative, this is appropriate. NO SYNCHRONIZATION TRACKING. Im checklist oriented and personally hated this changeThere are a lot of reasons why this does not feel like a traditional Assassins Creed game, and it took me a while to warm up to it. For the first time, you are not a wanted man as the protagonist. There is more emphasis on a sincere and authentic delivery of the game, versus making it about collections and tracking not a bad thing, I just prefer otherwise. Bayek is a loving person with a strong moral compass to the point of it being nearly a fatal flaw  this is very different than, for instance, Edward Kenways fatal focus on selfindulgence and vice. All things said, however, this game was made with OCEANS of love and dedication by the development team, and it really comes through in the most ambiguous and clever of ways. I whole heartedly recommend, if with a word of caution of AC veteran players. This is not your typical AC game... but in a good way.