After several days of heavy playing and finally finishing the whole story, Im bringing myself back here to write my very first game review. I started playing the AC series from AC2 which is an epic game. Besides the rises and falls of public opinion toward this brand name, Ive always liked the past AC games yes, even the Unity which everybody ed on. Game makers are trying very hard to continue the story, and I truly appreciate their efforts.Some of the best things about ACO that I really like1. Architecture. This is the best thing about AC games. For me, its since I first ran across Venice Rooftops. I could just sit at the top of the Pyramid of Giza and stare at this fabulous world all day long.2. Combat. Alright, I have complex feelings about this one. Combat is really hard compared to previous AC games, where you could basically just do counters and take down as many guards as there possibly are. Being surrounded would be a nightmare in ACO when youre not wellequipped enough. Luckily boss battles are not hell because you mostly only need to deal with one, and then you can truly analyze their attacking patterns and fight accordingly. BTW, I started using longranged predator bows to assassinate most of the normal guards. Super fun controlling the arrow in air and headshotting around the corner, and helps you avoid so much conflict.3. Resource gathering. I think this is where the game makers really gave some thoughts. You never have excess money or resources, but you never lack a whole lot of them either. You wont have to spend a lot of time to gather some key resources for one or two important upgrade that might get you through one major quest. Super equipments are not hard to get either, Reda the You Also Grow Too Fast kid sells this chest in which legendary ranked stuff are not scarce. All these make the balance just about right between going through the main story and doing random training and gathering to leveling up.4. Photo mode. Haha this one is just SUPER! This could keep some people playing for a long while. Now those beautiful sceneries would never be wasted again. And you have a bunch of options to play with to make your favorite photo. Also, you can see other amazing photos taken by other players as well in the map tab. Also, those photos might contain information about the location as well, sometimes useful.5. Senu. She is the Origin of the Eagle Vision and she is the BEST so far. This system helps you locate objects, treasures, animals, enermies and even entrances, but you do have to manually scan the map to pin them all. Again, I think its just about right in terms of balance.That being said, some other not too positive thougts too.6. Level system. This kind of started since Syndicate where the ability points system is introduced. But... you have to upgrade hidden blade damage, or otherwise you cant even do half hp damage to a high level captain or commander when assassinating from behind? That just feels weird. Thankfully leveling up and collecting material to upgrade, say your hidden blade at least to a usable degree for your current mission would not be too much of a hassle, otherwise this system would be really annoying.7. Story.7.1 I really liked Bayeks story, but I dont see why... alright Im not turning myself into a spoiler. Anyways, I see others complaining that every AC game gives a new definition of the Creed, but I kinda disagree with that. Nobody said that game makers advocated what they where conveying through the characters. We see that in AC3 where the game itself spoke for Haythems Templar logic and criticized Conners brute work to some extent. The debate between ideologies never stopped, and as a game series, I think AC is still handling itself okay in this context. I believe that if you have played AC3 before, you would probably feel as I do that Bayek is not much better than Conner when Conner started his journey. But the idea Bayek and Aya put forward toward the end of ACO did make sense and was a good explanation for the Origin of the brotherhood. But besides from that, I still find the story lacking the impact I had when playing AC2, Revelations, Black Flag or Rogue.7.2 In addition, the modern timeline didnt progress much either... Im really not interested in picking up all the novels and stuff, and I know none of the characters in ACO except for William Miles whom I only know as much as that he is Desmonds father. Ill just wait for the next AC game and see if the modern timeline could make any sense. I hope it does. Well, you could actually find clues in ACO but... Again, Im not gonna be a spoiler.8. Music. Its nowhere near bad. Actually I think its good and immersive. But Venice Rooftops and Ezios Family just couldnt be beaten.To the end of this pile of rubbish I just talked, I like this game very much. But I guess that nobody actually cares, lol. Those who are not interested will probably still not buy this game after reading all those positive reviews, and those who are interested already bought and shot the sht out of Anubis haha. Good luck hunting hippos everybody!