 Graphics 10/10 Sound 10/10 Gameplay 10/10 Storyline 8/10 Voice acting 10/10 Optimization 10/10 Content quality 9/10 Content quantity 10/10 Overall atmosphere 10/10 Enjoyability 10/10 Average 9.71. Huge world to explore, filled with content2. Very enjoyable combat system3. RPGlike character building4. Good implementation of secret/hidden items that require some work done in order to be discovered5. Accurate representation of historical figures and geographical mapping6. Plenty of side activities that offer great rewards upon 100 completion1. The story could be better2. Easy even at Hard difficulty3. Barely any Animusrelated/real world storyline4. Microtransactions although not required at allAssassins Creed Origins returns to the Assassins Creed universe after a yearlong break, this time in the ancient Egypt, following the story of Bayek of Siwa and his wife, Aya, the two founders of the Assassins as an organization. You are on a vengeanceridden quest to track down and kill the ones responsible for the death of your son, during which many interesting and memorable moments happen.The game succeeds to create a rich, lorefilled atmosphere of Ancient Egypt, from the NPCs talking in ancient Egyptean, to quests showing the life of all categories of people from that time.For the first time in the series, RPG elements were very nice implemented in the game although there are previous Assassins Creed games that have RPG elements, Origins managed to implement them properly such as loot rarity, item upgrading, crafting, skill trees. Also, the new combat system, although not quite suited of an Assassin, does a great job at keeping you entertained and it offers the game a fresh new direction.Of course, Origins has its flaws, such as a pretty linear story with very little Animusrelated action, it connects vaguely to the other games in the franchise, the difficulty is not satisfying for hardcore players and some areas of the map barely offer any content.Even still, Assassins Creed Origins is worth playing even for the atmosphere alone, being very enjoyable, having a lot of content and offering you a great immersion in the land of ancient Egypt. 