this game is the best of the series. yes, counting AC2 and Black Flag as well. and Ill tell you why.the worldboth the era and the place were a perfect choice, Egypt at this time is full of conflict and the melting pot of different ancient cultures. parts of the region are very greek Alexandria and its surroundings, very roman Cyere and ancient Lybia and of course very egyptian. at some places these melt into each other, some are distinctive, and overall very colourful, full of interesting places and landmarks.the storystarted very far from the actual Brotherhood of Assassins and thank god it did. every single quest both main and side! is only a small step towards the Creed and it was absolutely amazing how the drops of individual thoughts, reactions and emotions merge together and create the sea that will provide the foundation for the Brotherhood. I specifically loved how many of the sidequests often questlines would introduce random characters about whom I could instantly say that years from this point they definitely gon be Assassins. and its also important to mention that most main or side quests and bossfights are unique, out of more than a 100 quests, I found only a few similar to each other.the charactersBayeks person is at least as well written as Ezios in AC2. we see a man whos very much in love with his wife, whos playful and funny around children, who gets drunk on ancient beer with his friends and who screams at his enemies in rage. at the beginning of the story hes already a protector, has a very strong sense of duty and we can see how this slowly transforms into the Creed. and whats also important that his wife, Aya reaches the same Creed on a different route, providing another point of view. unfortunately she has much less playtime than Bayek, not a playable charater during exploration but Im confident that shes going to have her own DLC, for spoilery reasons. the side characters are also very well written, see sidequests part in previous paragraph.the gameplaythere are much less tools than in previous games, obviously due to the era but fortunately the game allows us to get creative in many different ways. set a horse on fire and watch the military camp burn down, throw a poisoned corpse to the crocodiles, or put everyone to sleep around a fire and murder them onebyone. these mechanics work very well and in different situations different solutions might be optimal. stealth is more useful than ever because fight is also tougher than ever. Bayek is not the only with a shield, nor does that shield protect against fire arrows, heavy blows and also everybody wants to flank me. even on the highest level, running into 10 soldiers could mean the end, got to play it clever, the tools and opportunities are given.skills and equipmentleveling seemed balanced and the suggested level of the quests and regions showed a fairly clear and reasonable way forward. the ability points to spend are somewhat scarce, so dont think that you will max out the skill tree by the half of the game. one side of it easily out of the three but after 85 hours I still have unlocked skills, simply because they didnt fit my style  and thats how it should be. crafting also seemed balanced, the levelling of the weapons as well. I found it especially good that as the character, weapons also have a max level, making it raising damage after a point very hard, so gladiator arena matches are never going to be easy.on the downsideI hoped for more time with Aya but again  shes surely gonna have her own DLC. I also had a reoccurring glitch in sound, not sure if its the game or my laptops issue, I didnt bother to check.. I also very much miss the guild manager of Brotherhood and Revelations but I guess Im never gonna see that again c even though it could have fit the story well with Bayek being a founder and all.overall I loved the game, Im really looking forward to the DLCs and future episodes and if you had doubts before, I hope after reading this you will give a chance to the gamecheers!