As a fan of the series since its first release, I was highly skeptical in regard of the changes brought to its format. I honestly believed it was going to be the last Assassins Creed game I was going to purchase.Fortunately, Ive been proven wrong. This release turned out to be fascinating, inciting and really immersive. Its been a long time since a game pulled me in so strong, making me crave to boot it up on every occasion.This being said, there are a lot of reviews out there, so Ill limit mine to listing a few pointers, aiming more towards players who are familiar with the series, yet still holding back on purchasing this release.So lets get on with itThe story is OK, having also the benefit of a more personal note. It still IS and Assassins Creed theme, but there is a stronger connection with the protagonist and his personal story. However, the most important thing to mention is that there are a lot of side quests this time around, and they are all handcrafted. No more grab a pigeon and go kill that dude. Now, the side quests have cutscenes, variety and personality. Dont expect to have choices or decisions to make though. Its not that type of RPG.While I cant say the main protagonist is highly charismatic although he does have his moments, he gets a lot of face time through the main and side quests, so he grows on you quite fast. Along with the other features of the game, this aspect does a lot for immersion.The world is huge and heavily populated with places of interest. Most import though you now have true incentives to explore it. No more collecting feathers and crap. The new leveled loot system makes it worthwhile to scour every corner of the map, providing you with a ton of gear and trinkets that will prove useful one way or another. The game also does a pretty good job of exploiting the fascination of finding treasures around every corner. Of course, the Ancient Egypt theme helps a lot with that.The skills tree now there is an RPGtype one is well thought and really gamechanging, albeit there are a bit too many cool abilities locked behind it in the beginning. But leveling up is fast enough not to get annoyed by the naked feeling you get at the start of the game. There are three skill branches melee combat, stealth and ranged combat bow. At least 80 of the combat skill tree is a must, but more on that later.The stealthwellit feels a tad underdeveloped. Some cool stuff from the previous games was surprisingly left out no more double assassinations, corner assassinations or horseback assassinations. Thats a bit strange, considering how much attention was paid to cool little quality of life type of things, like using your torch to light arrows and jumping on your mount on the run. Dont get me wrong stealth works well. However, aside from a double kill skill that you can acquire, all stealth abilities in the skill tree are about trinkets like bombs and darts.The combat systemwas a bit of letdown as far as Im concerned. It IS more challenging, but I feel a hitboxes based system is not really the best choice for this game. It also has some development flaws. A specific trait of such a system is that it works best in open or at least larger areas. Trying to fight in small or confined spaces will make you lose situational awareness fast. The camera does not adapt well in such cases and also the active targeting system tends to get in your way. Youre better off using it only on bosses and minibosses. Otherwise its ok, but the combat only starts to be enjoyable once youve acquired most of its dedicated skill tree, which basically allows you to dispatch your opponents much faster. In any case, as long as you mind your character and gear levels and you dont pick on opponents higher than two levels above you, youre fine.The mechanics are high quality, as usual. The parkour movements are reduced to something simpler than Unity and Syndicate, but they are still fluid. The walking is a bit too slow though. While youre supposed to be able to inconspicuously navigate a crowd you knowbeing an assassin and all, youll get killed by boredom if you try to walk more than 20 meters. And when youre running, youre racing. Not so inconspicuous.So, as a general conclusion, the game is beautiful, rich in content, complex in mechanics and heavily immersive. As an RPG, it doesnt exactly reach the level of quality of Witcher 3 except for the mechanics, which are better, but it gets really close.