This game started off as a great one, I can see that Ubisoft is trying to break the pattern of AC series. But later in the game some problems started showing.First the level system, although its intention was to let players progress rather than just go berserk and murder every enemy at the same or lower level, it gives players no choice but to go find endless side quest to level up, and this process alone doubled my game time. Not saying long game time is bad, but the somewhat well thought side quest start to feel repeatitive after side quest 50. The resource system is worth noting as well, this isnt your ordinary gather resources like Far Cry, this is on a whole other level, you NEED to dedicate a TRUMENDOUS amount of time to gather resources and upgrade your gear.Secondly the shear amount of places that you can get stucked in is astonishing, not stucked as in you cant get out, but stuck as in it stopped my flow entirely and made me curse this stupid game everytime. When climbing the wall to catch up a patroling enemy in order to kill him before the guard around the corner can see him, you would climb up and down the wall repeatedly for a few seconds before the game figure out that you want to go up in stead of hanging onto the ledge. Its frustrating. Also the tracking of enemy in combat, some enemies can warp around with magic, and you find yourself zoomed onto a wall because the target was placed behind the wall before he warps back to you. This distrupted the quest to kill the lion so much that I had to disable it to evade in time.Third, bugs is a problem in side quest, I dont know why there was no bug in main store but in side quests alone. I often find myself looking at a NPC talking to air or a wall when he/she is supposed to be talking to me. PS Most of the side quest had no facial expression programmed, that means a large portion of the game looking at people with face lifts talking to each otherI would say if you have a friend who owns this game, borrow it, try it, and get bored of it after 10 hours, then you wont waste your money. But if you enjoy prolonged resource gathering and side quests, then go ahead, buy it, you will have a great time collecting stuff. 