This AC Origin is more likely of a witcher franchise rather than a AC. New Combat System is the spotlight like Witcher 3. However, stealth isnt much a good option like the old days, and blocking didnt work well, it occasionally defect by a light attack. Sadly, there isnt any big change, no suprise or new creation, even its still a game that u cant miss as a AC fan, but I am not recommend it because of these 2 reasons  tons of combat bugs  Unusual high CPU usage.However, this game is poorly optimised even for a high graded computer.Combat is a real Full of BUGS!! !Enermies guided missile/bomb, your attack wont do any dmg, same dmg for critical and the normal one, cant dodge the attack, heavy attack wont break the small shield or stop the enermies movement, ......After 30 hrs gameplay, I found my CPU usage almost being burst. even I am using i7 core, 1080ti gpu, 16 g ram. Its still a big burden on my computer, fps was not steadily running on 4050 fps on High setting, sudden fps drop occasionally happened. At least 45  usage of CPU, around 50 ram were using during the gameplay, my graphic card temp arose to 80 C or higher. This isnt good for any computer, low graded computer cant handle this game, high graded one will burst after playing for a long time. They overfocused on the graphic, pls optimise it.Before the further reading this review, I am going to explain why u should kill someone in AC Origin.1. They stole something.2. They collected taxes.3. They put a criminal in jail.4. They were guards.5. They had something u wanted mostly.6. They were richer than U.7. They killed a player.8. They protected their rights and crossed u.9. They cheated on u.10. They were male.11. U dont want to pay taxes.12. U dont like them because of their outlooking, jobs...13. U were a nutjob.14. U killed your son but u didnt accept it and blaming others.15. Your god told u to do so. ing Terroists!?16. Your wife told u to do so.17. For fun, money or pleasure.18. Accident.19. Wrong time, wrong place.20. BUGS.Story  mission1. Same as always, Rich and tense.2. Missions were focused on killing, stealing info./objects and rescuring. No more sabotage, trading, ambushing or talking missions.3. Main story is good as old days but not very impressing like AC 2.4. No new mission playing style.5. After 100 hrs gameplay, u might get bored because of simple mission type  killing everything. I think Ac Syndicate was doing better on mission varity and amusement.6. Pyramid exploring is awesome7. Map is quite large and wellorganised.8. Less conjunction/ linkage between the buildings, U usually get on the groud first then walk to the opposite site. This isnt a bad thing, because there werent much links between buildings in a real RomanEgypt period.9. Repeating mission types BORINGMain Charater1. Having much darker side than other AC main charaters.2. Mostly he killed someone just for revenge or anger. Not like Ezio from AC2 revenge and justice.3. He had a problem of controling himself.4. A family guy.Combat  Stealth1. Combat is more focusing on the health bar rather than combo which is more reasonable.2. Combat movement is detailed and beautiful as always.3. Different weapon gives u different attack methord and combat finisher. New!!!4. Many bugs on combat.5. Acher is op and funny.6. Blocking is useless in close fight.7. Darts are less op now.8. Skill tree is balanced.9. Stealth isnt a good option anymore It makes u focusing on fighting tactics, killing all the enermies for example.10. Less stealth finishers. its still look awesome.11. More reasonable no. of hiding places less places, it arose the diffculty of stealth.12. Having his own style of assassination, throwing enermies behind u then stabed him.13. U couldnt  finish some of the missions without killing anymore.14. Riding is more funny during the combat.15. U cant assassinate the animals.16. Assassination doesnt work well, e.g. killing an enermy after he walked into a room didnt pull him towards u behind wall but exposing yourself.17. NO JUMP BUTTON AS ALWAYS Real!!! U sometimes wanted to reach the 2nd floor by passing through hole on the celling and u knew u could reach it like the enermies. In fact, U couldnt because U COULD NOT JUMP!? We had equipment helping us for climbing in old days, less ways to get to somewhere u want.18. Better control Control has become more automatically, Its like driving an automatic transmission car rather than a manual one.Graphics  Sounds1. Beautiful graphics and sounds as always.2. Not friendly to the low/ medium level computers. 1080/70, 16G ram... are the basic requirement for high setting.3. Update your driver to slightly increase the preformance4. Light control is great. Espeacially in the dark area.5. Good Atmosphere.6. Execllent job on recreating the cities, buildings, ships......7. NPC speak with middleeast accent.8. Clothes on NPC look so realistic and beautiful.9. Poorly optimised.Bugs1. Stucking in the middle of the air.2. Large no. of enermies stucked together, U couldnt bait them.3. Missing dialogues / sounds4. Your ally was M.I.A or stucking somewhere else.5. Couldnt finish the mission.6. Couldnt collect the loots.7. Burning was still killing u slowly even u had jumped into lake. occasionally8. Mission reset after telepotation. 