A step forward is a phrase this game deserves. To start, I am an AC fan, however I will not let that bias affect this review. Unity was a steaming pile of garbage, and Syndicate was a very solid meh. Does this game have problems? Hell yeah it does. Are they game breaking? For some yes, others not so much. In my experience, mostly npc glitches. However, credit is due where it is seen, and Ubisoft has made a great step forward.Ive had no crashes of any kind, the campaign is pretty good, the side quests are actually enjoyable Not as good as Witcher 3 side quests, but passable., and Bayek is the best protaganist since Ezio left the scene, with actual motives and reasons to care for him. The rpg mechanics are the best additions to the game IMO. There are a ton of weapons, outfits, mounts, etc. Most importantly, the rpg mechanics make sense, they dont feel tacked on to keep up with the current gaming trend. Speaking of outfits, I really appreciate that there are no defensive values for outfits, rather there are seperate armor pieces you upgrade throughout the game, nice touch. The combat is also much better than any games before. No more button mashing! Its not perfect, no where near as refined as Dark Souls or Middle Earth, but its a step forward. The open world is breathtaking, you can really tell that a lot of care and attention was put into this world. The variety in settings and things to do is the best in the series as a whole. The fact that they continue to release content that can be earned by just playing the game is very comforting.Microtransactions do exist, but they are no where near as apparent as Shadow of War or EAs Star Wars Battlefront 2. You can play this game without spending an extra dime no problem.Assassins Creed Origins is a solid game with a lot of care put into it. Bugs are apparent, and should be patched, but compared to all other AC games, this feels like a great package. The risk they took to make Assassins Creed Origins into an RPG with real time combat was executed very well. The campaign is enjoyable, with entertaining side quests, and nothing feels completely out of place.Overall I give this game an 7.5/10. 