Edit Since upgrading Windows 10 to the Fall Creators update and the recent game update I have experienced 0 crashes after playing a solid 4 hours straight.Goodgreat gameplay and combat1. Everything feels smooth and is fun to play.2. The switch to a semiRPG with a skill tree, loot, and equipment is honestly a great thing in my opinion. It still feels like Assassins Creed too which is impressive.fantastic graphicsfun missions and quests1. Even now 18 hours in I am still finding new mission types and engaging sidequests.massive worldabove average campaign1. It wont blow your mind but its better than most campaigns of recent AAA video games. Also I dont think Im evenhalfway done at 18 hours in so its fairly lengthy, but I am taking my time doing everything.2. As mentioned above, the side quests are fun and really help flesh out the story of the land of Egypt.Badgraphics settings dont scale well and your CPU can spike randomly1. On a GTX 1070 and Ryzen 5 1600 overclocked  3.7Ghz, I cannot hit 60 fps even on medium. I can hit 5557 anywhere from medium to very high. 57 was the max FPS I got even after customizing settings for probably an hour personally I refuse to put anything lower than medium. I literally only saw an increase of 12 fps going from very high settings to medium. I havent been monitoring my CPU but many people say that the game does randomly spike their CPU useage way up, so I will make note of that here.bugs and glitches1. I honestly havent encountered any memorable bugs or glitches, but I do know some people have had bugs that fail their missions and make them redo them so I will leave this as a bad part of the game.crashes1. I have experienced my fair share of crashes in the game.microtransactions1. They do have a store where you can buy xp boosts and cosmetic items and even weapons. However, you can get weapons of equal value fairly easily in the game so I would not call it pay to win. Still, I do not support full price games having microtransactions so this is bad to me.I still highly recommend this. I was in a game rut before this where nothing I played interested me. I was bored of playing video games until I decided to give this a try. It grabbed me right away, and I intend to try and 100 it. 