If Id like to tell long story short, Ill say that game is really nice, total rate is 8/10. But to be honest, from first game of series only hidden balde, stealthmode, hood and entiregame long dream to revenge have left.If Id like to tell every criterion onebyone, Ill say that1 Graphics and entire game world 10/102 Big objects physics 9/103 Small objects physics 5/104 Did I really wanted to get through all game? 8/105 Main characher story, also other people stories 9/106 Did I really wanted to get 100 after completing main story? 2/107 Fighting and synthetic intelligence 5/108 In game and real life history matching 9/10And now about all of that criterionsGraphics are really awesome. No lags, no freezes and other stuff like that on ULTRApreset. Really beautiful surroundings, animals, cities, deserts etc. And all of that is in really HUGE world. Cant even understand how had Ubisoft done that in 4 years.Big objects physics is wellmade. Ive got only one bug with horse in my 22hours long game. Horse just became mad in one moment and flew away like in space.By small objects I mean clothes, touching etc. Ive got like have of a million times, when some parts of my outfit went crazy and just started flying. Hands felt inside other bodies really often. And a lot, no, A LOT OF OTHER THINGS. Those things looks really ugly for meMain quests were really interesting BUT !!! you sometimes you cant join main quest because your level is too low to do it, and you have to do secondary quests. And like half of the secondary quests were so boring, in which I had to get on other side of a map, kill 2 000 000 enemies, get one piece of bracelet, get back and understand, that I forgot to loot this piece from dead enemy. 12/10 of really interesting side quests.Despite of the fact, that we starts game without any info about main character, after completing entire game player understand all of things, that he havent knew. That 1 point for level of interest of main quests.When youve done main quests and kill of the bandits, you wont play any more in ACOrigins because of boring side quests. You may just enter the game for like 3040 mins, but after that youll fall asleep.Fighting system is retOrded. Definitely retOrded. You have to use only 3 buttons to kill everyone in that game. Awesome, interesting, alluringly. Fighting system is same retOrded as a synthetic intelligence. When you killed an enemy, no one of his enemys friends will notice that. Also you may hide in 2 millimetertall grass and no one will see you.Really amazing Cleopatras and Caesars pictures. Cleopatra looks like real one wanted to get some balls inside her for entire quests around her     . Also you may see that Caesar were killed in same way as same called salad was cut. Noice.I really like that game, with considering all of that bad sides. And yes, Im not a big fan of openworld games, this game is 4th in that type of games. So dont appraise my review so hard.