Ubisoft made a wise decision when they gave Assassins Creed a break from its annual release schedule and Assassins Creed Origins has benefited greatly from it. If youre hoping for a complete fresh experience though you might be in for disappointment.Assassins Creed Origins doesnt reinvent the wheel but its a much more refined experience than some of the earlier games with various game mechanics receiving a bit of a tweak more thoughtful use of the open world and simply beautiful visuals. I opted to buy the PC version of the game and am running it at native 4k with the settings pretty much maxed out.Aside from a few audio glitches and the odd stutter I havent suffered any major performance issues. Assassins Creed Origins takes place during Ancient Egypt and the game world has been beautifully crafted to give a genuinely authentic feel. The ambient sounds and the sound track further add to this immersion.The story feels a bit slow to get going and with so much o do in the game world it is easy to forget whats going on which in turn has led to me not really connecting with the main character like I would hope. Once you get going though things seem to flow much more freely and becomes easier to follow.The games controls feel tight, with combat getting a rework which for the most part works well. The loot system has also recieved attention and feels meanigful and worthy of your time. Theres awide variety of weapons for you to master and if you find something you like you can upgrade them so you can continue to use them on your travels.The AI can be challenging when playing on hard mode but Ive not found them to be too frustrating. If anything I think they could do with being a bit harder to offer more of a challenge but all in all Ubisoft have done a decent job. Theres plenty to do in this open world game and whilst you will find similar tasks repeat where ever you go its not as bad as its been in other Ubisoft open world games. Completing the tasks on offer are for the most part fun and rewarding which in turn encourages you to complete other that you come across.Assassins Creed Origins comes complete with a photo mode which youll find yourself using as the game world is Stunning to look At, especially in 4k. Whats good is that your pictures can be seen by other players.The RPG elements of the game have been implemented thoughtfully and give a nice feel of progression as you make your way through the game. Theres a lot of upgrading to be done and various routes you can take with each having their own unique feel. Theres a nice sense of variety in how you can approach various tasks and the thoughtfulness put into the games design is easy to pick up on.Assassins Creed is a series that desperately needed some attention and its paid off with Origins. The game feels fresh, plays great, looks and sounds awesome and is a hell of a lot of fun to play. Its great to see the series return to form. 