TLDR Its great, but suffers from some cheesy design decisions. Should have fixed more bugs.Edit With all of this being said, the good greatly outshines the bad, and its a very atmospheric game to escape into.Pros Sets up for tons of ways for approaching scenes. You could go fullon brawling mode, release some prisoners or wild animals to cause a ruckus, set your eagle on enemies to distract them, poison bodies and send them on horseback to spread the poison... There are many different play styles, and this game encourages them all! Looks great. Immense variety in the environments and fortresses. The map is also very large. Feels like a good ARGP. They pulled this genreshift off very well in my opinion. Like many others said, it feels like a Wicther game, and I agree that it has this same feel to it. Really good story and setting. Bayek really feels like an Egyptian from that time, with his beliefs, his opinions, and his flaws. Hes a great character, as are many of the others in the game. Lots of interesting quests and areas to explore. Papyrus scrolls. They are so much fun to do. Im not even doing them for the rewards  they are just pure fun! They make doing optional stuff feel rewarding. You are encourged to sidetrack when you know youll get some bonus xp for completing this fortress or that bandit camp or this lions lair or that treasury. Performance tool to measure the games performance.Cons Terrible optimalization. The framerate is so low, even at lower settings. The sheer amount of people complaining about the optimalization should be enough to say that this problem isnt on the user end  its on the games, or the game engines end. There are vast amounts of environments at the screen at all times, so I can see why it was hard for them to cram all of that into the screen at one time, but it really comes at the cost of framerates. Freezing frames. Sometimes up to 10 seconds at a time, especially midcombat in bigger cities. This is probably my biggest problem with the game, as it sometimes directly leads to me dying in comat. To me, this is unacceptable for a released game in 2017, and it makes the game feel like it was made in the 90s. Stunlocking. I know a lot of people are comparing Origins to Unity and saying the combat is awesome, but I have not played Unity, so I will say that the combat in Origins is one of its weakest points. When you arent stunlocked, you are stuck in freezing frames, and these two problems alone make the closecombat terrible. Its a very frustrating part of the game, which forced me to solely focus on ranged, which pretty much avoids these problems. Playing purely with bow and arrow for the entire game is still very fun, but some story moments will force you to go closequarters combat, so it isnt recommended to focus 100 on ranged. Unbalanced and unpredictable skilltree system. Some skills, like the ability to purchase rare items, and also autolooting, should have been available from the start. These are skills that doesnt make the game better  it only makes the game less bad. I thought these skills were really outdated design decisions. The rest of the skill tree is okay. Annoying loss of control in cutscenes or narrativerelated actions, like when investigating a scene. Sometimes guards even attack you when you have commenced an inspection animation, which is frustrating because you have to let them kill you while you finish your stupid animation. They are forcing narratives on you like its the only thing that matters. Terrible pathfinding and logistics AI. Ive had countless of escort NPCs being run over by carts. It looks stupid, and its frustrating. Also, whenever you emerge after having dived under water, a ing boat will ALWAYS run your head over. Im guessing they wanted you to be able to get onto a boat pretty quickly after having dived, but it actually sometimes damages you, so you have to be really careful. Camera doesnt autocorrect itself enough. You have to keep your thumb on the right stick for pretty much any running, combat, or looting. The camera is pretty good otherwise, but I wish they would make the camera autofollow you whenever you are running, or focus on the focused enemy in combat. Vehicle bugs. Sometimes boats, carts, or other vehicles will suddenly fly up into the sky and kill whoever is in it. At one point, I had to kill someone and confirm the kill, but the NPC was stuck dead underneath a boat after being launched 100 meters into the air, so I couldnt get close enough to confirm the kill. Had to reset the quest. The level pacing forces you to do a ton of side quests, so if you only want to do the main story, too bad for you. This is especially apparent near the end of the main story, where I suddenly had to level up approximately 5 levels solely to be able to proceed through the story. Dialogue bugs. Sometimes NPCs will start their dialogue, and then start it over again about 1 second later, being stuck in a stuttering loop that ruined one of the most important boss fights of the game for me. Bayek and the other person just stutteret back and forth at each other, which was pretty disappointing.