You can follow me, and see the rest of my work hereOk, first off Id like to preface that this game has quite a lot of microtransactions  make of that what you will.Some of you might wonder why Im giving this game a pass when I ripped into Shadow of War. The answer is Im not. If I was able, I would be giving this a neutral review purely on the fact it has microtransactions however, in this case they are not as invasive as the ones in SoW where they were literally built into the subsystems of the game in a thoroughly insidious manner.Make no mistake, they are still bad here, but I cant bring myself to give this a negative review purely on that fact.Attitudinally, I would also say that this has been my first AC since BlackFlag, since I havent even bothered playing the rest. That does not mean however, that I have not been keep tabs of Ubis meddling and taken into account all their little invasive tactics Unitys buggy microtransaction riddled strore springs to mind.Onto the coregame, and its a doozy. Youre Bayek, a magi some kind of Pharonic body guard essentially, and youre out on a quest for vengeance on those who killed your son Not really spoilers, its on the back of the box. Youll be bouncing across a absolutely insane map that dwarfs almost every other Ive seen in a long time, its absolutely bloody massive stretching from Siwa, to Alexandria, and through Memphis. That brings me to my favorite part of the game, the settings.Not gonna lie, I got the game just for the chance to bounce around Hellenic Egypt, and boy do they do it justice. Every little detail of the ancient world has been captured immaculately, from the frescos on individual buildings, to the slowly crumbling limestone coating on the great pyramids themselves. Its absolutely insane. With that said, youll need an equally insane rig to experience it at its fullest, as anything less than 5 year old hardware will be chugging hard, especially in the more densely populated areas.Luckily, the options menu is fantastic. Youll have every opportunity to tweak every setting to get it running how you want it. I would highly recommend turning on the dynamic resolution option, so you can keep stable framerates without sacrificing fidelity. On its highest settings, the game looks nothing less than fantastic to the extent I have almost no criticisms.I have heard however, that some users have been experiencing some severe framerate drops due to the nature of the DRM. I kind neither confirm nor deny this as I myself have had no issues.Its an online store, plain and simple. Its avoidable however, not like SoW. I strongly urge everybody to stay away from the virtual currency. Some of the stuff you can buy from the store is designed to break the difficulty gradient to make things so easy, youd might as well be on Easy. Its a trap! !Pretty run of the mill Asssassins Creed type drama, but suffice to say their are lots of twists and turns, and tons of political intrigue to get your teeth into. Some may not appreciate the heavy emphasis on politics this time around, but for me It absolutely made it better.Think normal formulae of Assassins Creed, but mixed with some of the Witcher 3, and a splash of Dark Souls. A strange mix to be sure, but it seems to work to work quite well. Bayek retains all of the agility of his Assassin compatriots from the other games, but youll find hes a little less OP. Gone are the days when you could mow down a whole battalion of soliders without breaking a sweat. Instead, the combat mechanics focus a lot more on strategy, with a DarkSouls esche combo system, where every blow counts, especially at the earlier levels. Youll eventually build up your tech tree where you are just as insanely OP as the last games, but youll still have to think a little harder than before.Additionally, the RPG mechanics are extend the number of weapons. Now there are multitudes of different weapon types ranging from spears to Khopeshs the Dothraki curved swords, to warhammers, as well as many types of bows. Each one of these items will have been stated according to its level. Thankfully, you can only use weapons lower or the same as your own character levels, which keeps things balanced.Truly amazing. Swords sound viciously sharp as they whistle through the air, along with the hustle and bustle of ancient life. Some of the more intellectual among you might also notice there is many different languages being spoken across Egypt, ranging from Ancient Greek, to Latin, and some others I didnt recognize. Both are true to life and absurdly close to how they would have spoken in those days. Again, major props to the devs for the accuracy of the setting!Again, not concentrating on the poor industry behavior, this is a truly phenomenal game. If you have an eye for scenery or like taking screenshots, youll spend more time gaving at the insane monumental scenery than actually playing the game. There is something to like in almost every aspect of the game, and so I recommend this to almost everyone. 