So let me explain to everyone why Ubisoft is a bad company, and why they ruin every game they touch, using this game as an example.Lets start with the bloatware that hinders the game and sometimes even breaks it, Starting with Uplay. Uplay was invented as a weak defense against piracy and an attempt to market themselves more/please investors. Uplay has been proven to hinder performance and in some cases has entirely broken games in the past due to having to always be online. And the extra hassle of having to make an account for their poor service and be spammed by emails.Next we have Denuvo slapped on top of Uplay. And I thought they couldnt make it worse. For those of you who do not know what Denuvo is, its more bloatware to protect against piracy at the expense of game performance and can sometimes make games unplayable, on top of after a few years after added to a game, break it entirely so you can no longer play that game your bought. How nice. And there is so much more, but I dont have time to list it all. You can read how egregious it is here.In an attempt to stop piracy, Ubisoft has pretty much broken their own game. People are complaining about frame rate issues and unoptimization that is the sole cause from this bloatware. Some people even say they cant launch the game at all.Because of this Ubisoft has done theof what they have been trying to do and causedTheres always going to be pirates, but the reason why people buy games from Steam is because it is faster, safer, and runs better. By making it inconvenient for people to play your games, they are more likely to resort to piracy if the pirated one is easier to set up and runs better than the one you are selling. This isnt rocket science.On top of that we have the normal Triple A marketing tactics of Preorder DLC  Normal, Gold, and Deluxe Edition  Season Passes  DLC  DLC not included in the Season Pass  Buying in game items for moneyIn an attempt to squeeze every last dollar out of your wallet. But hey, at least they arent selling Loot Boxes Yet.Overall, I cant believe how badly Ubisoft butchers their games by overhyping them with trailers that dont resemble the final product, Filling them with so much pay to win items, charging for skins that once upon a time, used to be awarded to players for doing something in game, and of course, trying to defend against piracy but in turn just inspire people to pirate.It honestly astounds me to watch people defend these kinds of companies, who dont care about the games they make and only care about shoving as many microtransactions as one whale will buy. Whale being the term big video game companies call people who spend tons of cash on their microtransactions. Next to dolphins being the moderate spenders, and the minnows being the poor ones they dont care about. Dont you love it when companies refer to their fanbases as fish?Edit I wanted to update my review to say that the Denuvo was finally cracked on this game. It took 3 months because Ubisoft put so much DRM on their game that it actually made their game run worse, as I said... but it was cracked making it all a waste of time, money, and annoying customers like always. So everyone who was leaving smug/naive remarks in my review... Guess I was right. Like always. Have a video!