UBisofts decision to take a one year break from the yearly releases of an Assassins Creed game was a wise decision. The yearly releases were taking a toll on the game making every game seem way too similar and also causing fatique among the fanbase.Flash forward to 2017 and the release of Assassins Creed Origins and we see a very different but also very familiar game like its predecessors. Much of the annoying tropes e.g. infiltrate and eavesdrop or follow a suspect etc of the game have been removed and new gameplay mechanics have been introduced. But even with these changes it hasnt altered or changed the very distinct flavor of the Assassins Creed world.The game is now a huge open world divided up into provinces and youre free to roam anywhere in the world once you finish the initial inroduction of the game. The game for better or worse has become a RPG, introducing experience points and skill points used to access a Skill Tree system to further improve your characters abilities. Hundreds of quests not related to the main story are also a new part of the game helping you to gain experience points but also helping to flesh out ancient Egypt and make it feel more alive.The fighting system has also been totally overhauled. Gone are the days when you could counter almost every attack and with very little effort instantly kill your opponent. The new fighting system is much more involved making you block or dodge out of the way of your attacker and than counter attack. Although the combat can be more frantic it makes for a heart pumping and rewarding affair.The beauty of the world is truly something to be seen. This is one of those games you use to show off your new graphics card! The Assassins Creed series has always been known for the incredible worlds that have been realized and Assassins Creed Origins has raised that bar. The graphics quality are simply stellar and the level of detail is mind blowing. Especially when many people who play the game may never see half of what is in this world!The story is done well and the protaganist Bayek is a likable and believable person in the world. Dealing with a personal tragedy only to unearth an incredible conspiracy.,Assassins Creed Origins is not only the tellings of the beginnings of the Assassins Order but also serves as a solid foundation for future games. 