EDIT Patch 1.03 brings improvements and changes my opinion of the game, but it still hits 100 CPU usage almost all the time so theres that.Im also changing the review to a recommend, the game is really good and Ill post a full review once Im done with it. For now, outside of cities, the performance is silky smooth.And yes, it still is ridiculous that there needs to be multiple layers of DRM to protect a game. Calling people pirates on the reviews portion of a game that I clearly bought kinda defeats your point.But by all means, please continue.It seems I was wrong about the CPU usage but since us gamer types take a critical opinion of their favourite games as a personal attack, Im elaborating upon this a bit.I ed up, I thought the bad performance was solely due to the high CPU usage. Patch 1.03 showed that it was not, so clearly I was wrong. Take this and stroke yourwith it.That being said, about the game itself, Im quite enjoying it now that FPS doesnt randomly drop all over the place. The rural areas of the game are running quite well on Ultra, whereas the cities still bring the framerate down, but only to 4045  a massive improvement over what it was prepatch.The gameplay is, for the first time in a very long time with this franchise, actually fun. Once you get the hang of it and find your favourite weapon I highly recommend Battleaxes, combat is fun, risky and if youre playing on hard, challenging. Taking on multiple enemies at once can and sometimes will end badly for you, which encourages the use of stealth over an all out full frontal attack.The graphics are amazing. Ive been taking some really fantastic screenshots after I started playing it again postpatch. The lighting, especially in closed areas, is simply amazing, and with the use of photo mode, you can click some amazing pictures all over the place.Its too early for me to talk about the story, because Ive been doing my best to do everything else apart from the main quest. Bayeks personality is well explored in the many side quests he picks, and while it might not be as detailed or as consequential as the ones in The Witcher 3 which people seem to be comparing it to, they are fun to do and not simplistic, dull collectathons.As of this moment, if you have a competent CPU cooler that does not push CPU temps over 8090 degrees Celcius, I highly recommend you pick up this game, Assassins Creed has return to the fold and it has returned triumphant.OLD AND OUTDATED REVIEW DOWN BELOWI cannot, in good faith, approve of this game in its current state. The game seems well made but VMProtects constant CPU hogging is putting my PC at risk. It is ridiculous that we need to go through Steam, Uplay, Denuvo and then VMProtect. It is taxing the CPU, with all cores being heavily taxed.Fix this, Ubisoft, the game is pretty decent and PC gamers deserve better. 