My first time writing a review for a game on Steam but I figured I would give my honest opinion on this game as the Assassins Creed series is one my favorites and I have played them all since the first release back in 2007.To be honest, the series did fall out a bit during the release of Unity to the new consoles. Syndicate made some improvements that I didnt like with Unity but it was still a bit lackluster.Playing Origins shows how much this franchise needed a rework regarding basic gameplay mechanics.The combat is something I enjoy a lot, in the former games you could easily swing a battle with 45 opponents into you being a unkillable god but try doing that in Origins and you will be seeing a lot of the death screen.You acutally have to learn how to use different swings and moves in order to defeat your enemies as they hit hard and sometimes the slightest miss will get you killed. This is where Origins shines in my opinion.The Stealth mechanic is also improved in my opinion, sneaking into places feels rewarding and getting caught will make you rethink the way you approached the encounter.Crafting makes a return in Origins, you will need to gather materials in order to upgrade your health, melee and ranged damage but also your hidden blade. This might look boring and frustrating but its quite easy to gather the necessary materials.Weapons and shields are looted from enemies, exploring caves and tombs! or just doing quests. There are a lot of different melee weapons and ranged weapons with different mechanics and combat moves so you can tailor the gameplay to the way you want.The open map in Origins is huge! there are a lot of wonderful places to visit. Easily the most beautiful Assassins Creed game yet.I have some negative remarks when it comes to Origins. The main flaw is the level system and how the main quest is gated behind recommened levels that sometimes feels way too large. Most of the sides quests are repetative and it can get a bit boring grinding just to continue the story. If you compare to Witcher 3 where doing the main quest was a good way to gain levels and you never felt like you didnt have enough XP to keep on doing the main quest.I recommend this game to anyone but specifically those that enjoy the older Assassinss Creed games but feel like the franchise have been taking a wrong turn, Assassins Creed is back!