Planted 70 hours into the game and its really fun game to play. I had a blast exploring tombs, interesting historical places, and scaling some very impressive monuments that I had always fantasized as a kid.The new fight system is fastpaced and pretty good, but Ive hoped for better assassination animation / tactics. The same sneak up and press a button mechanic is getting pretty old. Perhaps button combination stealth attacks for say, different types of enemies wearing different armor with different weak points could be a fun progression for future AC games to consider.The graphics are pretty good, but for a 2017 AAA game, I expected more from the graphics in Ultra. I do not mind the strain it does on my rig, nor the slight frame rate issues during cutscenes however, as the overall graphics are still pretty impressive even on a dated GPU GTX 980M like mine. Although draw distance is good, I had hoped for more busy streets, especially in market places. Syndicate was able to impress me more with its ultra dense crowd / traffic generation.Unfortunately, the main story, isnt as intriguing as AC2, and Brotherhood, and couldnt make me care for the characters, especially nearer to the end, with some key players in the story introduced abruptly and left with little time for me to know them. That being said, I really like the writing for the side quest The Bride. It certainly drew out a lot more emotion than Id have expected from an AC game, and left me with a stronger impression than the main story.The challenges provided in the current game state are already pretty substantial, and I had a lot of fun finishing them. Completing all locations is a chore however, and I got really frustrated with clearing the same castles and forts after a while, especially in The Green Mountains where the forts not only looked the same, but required the same things to be done to clear them kill captain  loot.Speaking of looting, I appreciate how looting can be done without much hassle, but at the same time found little use for animal parts for say the flamingos and snake heads. Itd be fun if we could actually be able to do more things with the crafting materials and make customization on weapons and fashion A lion head hood would be cool, or crocodile skin wrapped handles for example. Also, it gets pretty annoying when I get two of the same Legendary items... isnt it legendary for a reason? Itd be cool if we can have even more varieties of weapons too, since they mostly feel the same after a while sickle and regular swords, axes and pommels, handle too similarly for exampleOnce the story is finished, the side quests and all locations are complete, there is also literally nothing to do. Id like the option to perhaps revisit the game with a harder difficulty level I completed in Normal, without the need to restart the game from scratch. A menu to replay completed missions with adjustable difficulty levels would be great. Daily bounty missions to kill Phylakeleveltyped bosses in the wilderness / recurring epic challenges such as slaying war elephants would be great if being able to be implemented too.Also, leveling up after side quests and all locations completed is incredibly tedious. I believe there might also be a bug with the Tablet of Knowledge since I bought 15 in a go just kept right clicking and only 1000XP was awarded in the end, instead of 15 000. Ubisoft, please kindly look into it, since Im not sure mine was an isolated case.All that being said, the above gibes I have are all forgivable. The game in itself is really impressive, and I enjoyed it despite all of its shortcomings. Looking forward to the DLC contents, and the next Assassins Creed game.