What a comeback for this franchise. Ive been playing the AC games off and on for years beginning with AC 1, 2, Brotherhood, Revelations, 3, 4, Unity and Syndicate. The series has seen many highs and lows, but without a doubt, this is the best the series has been in years.Plot // A generally satisfying plot overall. While the main plot isnt the best the series has had to offer, its still good and offers some very interesting perspectives about the overarching plot of Assassins v. Templars as a whole. On the other hand, the side quest stories are very interesting and refreshing and really provide many interesting ministories. Some are bland, please rescue insert name here Medjay quests but many have interesting little twists within them. Some side quests even provide bits of lore and help to deepen the main plot.TLDR  Good main storyline, fun side quests with interesting stories within themselvesGameplay // By far the biggest changes to the series in this game is in the gameplay. In this iteration of Assassins Creed, prepare to collect loot, level up and fight some tough bosses as this game is as actionrpg as you can get. The combat system has been revamped in favor of a more technical and methodical system. Instead of readying your finger to counter and one shot enemies, you now have to watch their movements and time your attacks accordingly. I was playing on hard and a missstep or two could get you killed pretty easily so you do have to be much more careful this time around. The skills you can acquire are pretty useful and there are alot of them. The weapons types are pretty varied and all feel unique, especially the legendary weapons. There really isnt any uber godmode weapon that breaks the game so mix and match as you please. Overall theres a ton of content to be had here from beginning to end. I really hope that the developers continue to make Assassins Creed games in this style as I feel it is really fun and refreshing.TLDR  Fun and new combat system with a focus on patience and timing. Lots of skills. A bunch of content. Cool tombs and you can fight bigelephants.Technical // The game looks stunning and ran fairly well in my experience, my FPS would dip a bit in large cities but I was never too bothered by it. I noticed that many Ubisoft games have been including pictures next to settings options so you can get an idea of how different everything will look when you change that setting which is very nice. I experienced no crashes and minimal bugs, nothing gamebreaking. Mostly clipping which Ive kinda come to expect in these games at this point.TLDR  Looks beautiful, runs good, no real gamebreaking bugs, some clipping.Music  Voice // Music was alright, nothing I would really listen to outside of the game. Unlike the AC2 soundtrack. The ingame musicians in some cities did play some really nice music that would help build the atmosphere really well. Im also very pleased with the voice acting in this game, it all sounds believable and fitting to character. Abubakar Salim did particularly well with Bayeks voice, I hope to see more of him in the industry.TLDR  Alright music nothing really stands out compared to the soundtracks of earlier entries in the series. Pretty good voice acting.Conclusion // A really great experience overall and I believe this game to be the best Assassins Creed to date. If youre returning to the series this is really different from the previous games, but better for its differences. If youre new to the series this is probably the best the franchise has to offer so far, however, I would recommend also trying AC2 and AC4 as those two are amazing in their own right.I would r8 9/10. 