It took me 84 hours to 100 this game. Well, 100 in terms of achievements there are still a few things to do, like the Papyrus puzzles and revisiting places where I want to see how the characters Ive met on Bayeks journey fare.Right after I first saw an announcement that the next Assassins Creed would take place in ancient Egypt I was hooked. Hyped, but also slightly wary Even though I personally liked the last two titles, it would take a much better game than Syndicate to satisfy the easy to incense gaming community. So if Origins couldnt deliver, I thought, the whole franchise might be hit hard.But Origins delivers. And wow, does it deliver.The setting, as written above, is one that I was hoping for. Ancient Egypt is an incredibly interesting part of humanitys way to today. It looks, sounds and feels like Egypt might have been back then.The story is good. Not the greatest of every game I ever played but interesting enough to keep me hooked.What makes the game great for me are the characters. Ive read online that there were people being upset about Bayek as protagonist, some saw him as too stoic huh?, others as too angry and irrational huh?.I felt his rage was justified in the way that he was raised, in the land that he grew up.But his interactions with other characters is what makes it so fun to play Assassins Creed Origins.From the very first meetings onward you realize theres a tension between him and his wife. No matter if in Siwa or soon after leaving the oasis on the way to Alexandria, its easy to see that Bayek is willing to help and doesnt discriminate and that the people around him respect and love him for it.Through all the ups and downs of the story, I dont want to spoil too much, theres in one thing very apparent Just as the land, Bayek is torn. There are several battles fought inside of him about how he feels about what happens in this game. In my opinion that was extremely well shown and implemented.Gameplaywise the game is smooth as heck. My rig is good average, I could play ACO almost on all highest settings. It looks absolutely gorgeous, a fact that is further deepened through the photo mode that lets the player easily make very memorable shots. Combat is a bit trickier than in previous titles but its still relatively easy, quick to pick up, even in the end very fun to play.The enemy AI isnt a professional Dota2 shredding bot in midlane, but its decent enough to stay fun all throughout the game and lets face it this never was Splinter Cell.Dialogue is great, quests are diverse, travelling is neat especially when you just want to ride into the sunset for a while without touching mouse or keyboard, cutscenes are neat, atmosphere is nice.Then theres the end of the game. How it ties into the AC universe. And then theres the real world parts, about Layla and her Animus. All that is just incredibly exciting for a fan of the franchise like me.No spoilers, but trying to make sense of what the Isu or humans left behind, how time is so important and yet goes right past humanitys understanding that was not only fun, but discovering some of these parts was jawdropping.Im a sucker for these things, so take all of that with a hint of exaggeration if you arent.But we can certainly say Assassins Creed is back on track.Cant wait to see more of Layla, Abstergo and those who defy order. 