About 30 hours in now. Really loving this game. Probably the best assassins creed, up there with the Ezio story.PerformanceRuns well. Playing at 1440p with gtx 1080, 4690k, 16gb ddr3. On high tweaked settings 60 fps and looks amazing.BugsVery few, great Pc version overall. Had 1 annoying bug which was if you turn AA off the photo mode doesnt export the photo. The devs know and are fixing it but make sure AA is on low or above for now.StoryGreat story. Recent Assassins Creed games havent really caught my interest. Syndicate was a decent game but story didnt hook me so never completed it. Same with 3, havent really liked the story since Ezio. Fantastic characters and the story is well written. Even side missions can be pretty deep and have their own story some are short.CombatIts definitely different. Im playing on hard and it does seem hard. In the older games seeing a bunch of enemies is no problem you can usually clear them out without difficulty. In this, thats not the case. Fighting is harder more Witcher 3 style which i like because it changes things up, but will take some getting used to. Makes stealth much more important though so im 100 for that. Fighting is much more fun though now, you have to think about positioning and time your attacks/blocks/dodges.MapOh damn its huge. Well detailed and varied. After playing for a few hours, then going onto the map i was like... yea thats a decent size. Then zoomed out more and realised its ENORMOUS. Im above 30 hours in and still havent unlocked all the zones. And the zones I have unlocked theres still lots of it to explore and so many side missions and hidden things. Probably my favourite open world map ever.OverallI was going to quickly see how far i could get in the 2 hours to see if i needed to refund for the 50 i paid for this, and either wait for it to get cheaper and more optimized or just skip it and give up with the Assassins creed series. But gladly, im happy to pay that much as this game will possibly even be my game of the year. As someone who loves Assassins Creed this is the best present they could have gave us.Thank you for taking extra time to make this game great, and release a great PC version at the same time as console versions. Ubisoft i ing love you guys. 