Pros The world Ubisoft has created for ACO is absolutely huge and filled to the brim with content and things to do. Exploration is fun and youre almost always going to find new places to explore everytime you venture out into the overworld. The visuals are absolutely goddamn beautiful, and theres tons of attention to detail particularly on the interior of tombs and in regards to landmarks like Khufus pyramid and the library of Alexandria. The combat has received a complete overhaul, being more open and allowing for more variety in battle in regards to the use of weapons and interactions that both you and your enemies have with the environment. The storyline and cast are nothing short of really good. I really enjoyed the writing of Bayek and Ayas relationship and their founding of the Assassin Brotherhood, the trials they experience as Medjay in the journey to avenge their sons death, and the political conflict between Cleopatra and Ptolemy XIII as Egypt becomes more and more hellenized by the Greeks. The attention to detail in regards to the historical accuracy of Ptolemaic Egypt and the way the side stories regarding the founding of the Brotherhood and the First Civilization is very well done, I definitely appreciate Ubisoft making an effort to actually return to it.Cons Although I received a solid 60FPS in deserts, small towns, tombs and the like, I experienced a little bit of framerate loss from 60FPS to around 2040 in major cities and highly populated areas such as Alexandria and Memphis, however I expected this to be the case. Although I think its quite an improvement considering how radically different it is from other AC games, the game is a lot more hackandslash in terms of its combat and this might be a bit offputting to some players. I felt that the storys ending was very inconclusive, particularly with the modern world segments with Layla and her Animus, and the final mission being a bit outofleftfield in contrast with the rest of the game. Im sure its been written this way to open up the potential for a sequel sometime in the future, which I would gladly play, but it just wasnt all that satisfying to me as I felt it should have been. Overall definitely a very strong 8 to 9 / 10