Oh, Assassins Creed Origins... oh, Ubisoft...If I was writing this review after 30 hours of play, I would have recommended this game with just a few big complaints. But now, after 50 hours, having completed the main storyline and cleared around 2/3 of all side content on the map, I find myself still recommending this game but with far, far more complaints. Even though this review will probably sound negative, I want to stress that I did enjoy my time with the game, or at least 90 of it, but what pains me is that there was so much more potential here that was left untapped, so many ideas left unfinished and halfbaked. This could have been such a great game, but instead ended up being... just good. Which is such a shame.I will start with the story first. Assassinss Creed Origins tells the story of Bayek and Aya of Siwa, the last of the Medjay. After a mysterious cult invades their village and murders their son, the two set out on the trail of vengeance, which leads them to a far greater fight, and ultimately, to forming the Assassins Order. The story and characters are surprisingly good, Bayek and Aya are great individually, even better when on screen together, and the supporting cast is also fine. However, the story greatly falls to pieces towards the end, with it seemingly losing interest in itself and simply trying to tie up all lose ends as soon as possible. The forming of the Order seemed very unnatural to me, coming out of nowhere as this important heroic moment which really doesnt earn itself in my opinion.I dont know why so much emphasis is placed on Bayek everywhere online when this is Ayas story as much as his. In fact, you get to play with her for a few missions towards the end of the game, and just as the story implies, she is just as skilled as Bayek, and is fully playable, so it kind of puzzles me there wasnt a choice between them as playable characters like with Jacob and Evie in Syndicate.My biggest problem with the characters is Cleopatra. While the world and time of Ancient Egypt is recreated with so much care and detail, it baffles me that the decision was made to find the most British woman ever to have Britished in Britain as her voice actress. Even her demeanor seems more akin to one of a posh, victorian British woman than an Egyptian Queen, and it really bothered me every time she spoke.In terms of gameplay, everything feels so halfbaked, fitting in the categories of Good idea, soso implementation, or Good but used until the point it becomes boring.The side quests are great to begin with, and tell interesting stories with interesting characters. But there is simply too many of them, and it is clear that the writers were running out of ideas as time ran on, with many quests becoming simple and mundane later in the game. There is only so much a good writing team can do to conceal the underlying simplicity and borderline repetitiveness of the gameplay design.The map is fun to explore at first, with just the right amount of interesting stuff to do, but then again, the more you play, the more you encounter these vast areas with large empy spaces between many of the side activities which are being used over and over again until there is not a single spec of fun left in them. Everything good on the map is used until the point where you start ignoring it because you just dont care anymore.The armor upgrade system, clearly designed for microtransactionsthe game does have them is so silly that by the 15 hour mark your armor will be fully upgraded without a need for a single additional dollar. And because it is so easy to get, the final form of your armor, while looking cool, feels quite mundane.The weapon loot system is an ok idea, but the actual pool of items you can find is so terribly small, that you can see each type of weapon by the 10 or 15h mark, and then see the same stuff just with different numbers and rarity colors until the end of the game, making loot drops incredibly boring.Skills are pointless, you will play the game in the same way regardless of the order of skills you get. And mind the wording, not the set of skills, but the order of skills, because it is possible to get all the skills in the game with the leveling system. So instead of having builds, the game simply gates off your abilities and asks you to choose in which order you want to get them.Stealth is pretty good, simple, yet effective. Nothing much to complain about here, it was the most fun Ive had in the game, ghosting through enemy camps, picking guards off with my bow and hidden blade felt so satisfactory. Perhaps the best implemented part of the game.Combat is super clunky and just... the more I played it, the more I dreaded any time I had to fight. And if I saw an enemy with a shield in a group, I would instantly feel a migraine coming. A lot of enemies can stunlock you, the camera simply cant keep up with you once you start dodging, and the parry is so inprecise that it is just sad. All in all, the combat is probably the worst part of the whole experience.This all sounds pretty negative, I know. But I still think there is good in this game. I think it is a step in the right direction for the series, but it so desperately needs Ubisoft to finally understand that quantity is not always equal to quality. This time they actually had so much quality, but pushed the quantity so far until they lost what quality they had. And it is clear that the team has no experience making an RPG, so maybe with a bit of practice AC could deliver an excellent open world RPG. But this is not it. This is a good game, which sadly has one of the worst cases of ok thats enough, Im done moments I know.I suggest you get it on a sale later down the line, and play the side quests and activities until you reach that point of having enough of it. And then follow the main plot all the way through. Despite the faltering at the end, the game is worth for Bayek and Aya alone, a surprisingly fantastic duo of protagonists. It is just a shame they didnt get a better game around them. 