UPDATE The Hidden Ones DLC Story is relatively bland but the gameplay is fun.MY VALUE INVESTMENTI bought the Gold Edition for 30 off during the Steam 2017 Christmas sale.I figured a mere 10 more than the standard edition for the entire package wouldnt leave me feeling ripped off. Thankfully, I was right.YOUR VALUE INVESTMENT   Is the base game worth 59.99?If you plan on doing numerous side missions and exploring the world Yes, absolutely.MICROTRANSACTIONS Present but relatively unintrusive. From what I can recall, I never saw any reference to the realmoney store outside of the options menu screen. I did grind a fair bit for crafting materials, but in this game grinding means hunting animals and stealing materials from soldiers on horseback and chariots. In other words, at least for me, grinding was fun.REVIEWAssassins Creed Origins, for me, is the first game in the AC series that is as much fun to PLAY as it is to explore the world Im playing in.Its the first game in the AC series in which I didnt get overly irritated if I was spotted in a fort, because the new combat design is almost as much fun and satisfying as wiping out an entire area as a ghost  Thats where Origins really towers above all previous entries for me the combat. Its not perfect and definitely needs some refining, but its FUN. Before Origins, my favorite in the series was Black Flag, and as I reckon is the case for many of you, it was the pirate aspect of the game that I loved rather than the AC part.Oh, and NO TAILING MISSIONS! That I encountered. THANK YOU! Ubisoft, I NEVER WANT TO SEE THOSE AGAIN, now that I know that you know how to make an AC game without them!Story is good, but not mindblowing. The reveal of the birth of the Creed was pretty cool. I didnt jump out of my seat but I enjoyed what I saw. Thats not a spoiler, right? Its kind of in the title.I spent 80 hours ding around in the game before doing the final main mission, and I liked it enough that Im going straight into the first major DLC, The Hidden Ones, next time I get a chance to play.The best praise I can give AC Origins is this If in either Fall 2018 or 2019 we get another Assassins Creed and it turns out simply to be a follow up to Origins, the way AC Brotherhood was for AC2, I will be more than happy to play it. Especially if its Bayek and/or Aya again. Ubisoft That does NOT mean I want to go back to annual releases with littletono real innovation for the next 8 years. Im saying this would be fine for the NEXT game, not the NEXT SEVERAL.Minor Spoilers Regarding my favorite aspect of the storyWhile the overall story is simply good, I REALLY liked Bayek and Ayas relationship. It avoided many cliches.Despite a terrible tragedy they carry, you meet them as a passionate and loving married couple, two people who have been together for a long time and still carry not only love for each other but also passion, physical and emotional. And as Yahtzee Croshaw of Zero Punctuation said in his Catherine review, video games rarely show us ongoing relationships. I dont like where their relationship ends up toward the end, but I get why it was written that way... Still dont like it.Bayek and Aya are both great characters, and I would absolutely play an entire game from Ayas perspective.