Its not fair to write a review with so few minutes of gameplay such as mine, but im here to inform those who might run into similar issues. I want to make it clear that this review is based off the large impression it slapped into my face.Got an obvious error message in corner of screen that i cant close telling me how my graphics need to be updated... They dont and Im running a top of the line laptop. Trust me for what im running I shouldnt have any issues with this game, but instead even after changing options to run smoothly it remains laggy.Immediate issue starting campaign, for a new user just coming back to Assassins Creed I played the original and the 2 after it, it throws you into a story thats already progressed. The game literally kills an important figure for you without 1 second of game play. Thats just bad story telling imo.Combat didnt feel smooth at all. I like the idea their going with, something unique you dont typically see, very similar to For Honor with motion. With that being said terrible idea for a player vs computer, would work really well player vs player.Here was the biggest turnoff for me though. Before purchasing I always do a decent study of their addons/passes/ additional purchases offered. First thing I see for this game thrown in my face are the micro transactions. Normally not a big deal for me, i love buying additional content that adds so much more to the game. These transactions however, were more focused on selling gear that offers little value overall rather than quality content that adds more to the story. An example is 4 pieces of gear, and one mission. In other words your buying the gear rather than the mission itself.You know its bad when addons/expansions are offered after only a couple months of the orginal release of a game. Even official reviews said the story is worth 30hrs of gameplay. Like wtf, im paying 60 for 30hrs? Im sure others are different but in my personal opinion for every 1 i spend on a game, I should be able to get at least 1hr of story gameplay. Thats my golden rule. Moving back to the original issue though, I even read reviews claiming that buying a season pass doesnt guarantee all the extra content their offering.Honestly I am flabbergasted by how many good reviews there are for this game when comparing it to Shadow of War, which had received the most hate Ive ever seen about micro transactions. All based off of crates which had no influence on the gameplay of the game, very similar to the items offered by this game which are half cosmetic like mounts and the other half being weapon/gear. Which leads me to believe that companies or marketers are still paying people to create reviews to influence the sales of the game, similar to the scandal steam announced before. Hence why im creating this review, to leave a heavily honest first impression.Put simply its just not the Assassins Creed that I had fallen in love with. Its more of the  company, Ubisoft, thats known for killing great ideas/games. Dont believe me? Check out why For Honor died within months after release, heres a hint It had nothing to do with the game but rather multiple large issues related to Ubisofts poor decisions. 