I do recommend this game, when it goes on sale. Its a great game, but definitely not worth 60. Heres whyThere are so many previous abilities from assassins creed that arent in this game. Why cant I assassinate an enemy that I just knocked on the ground, instead of only being able to hit multiple times with my weapon? Why cant I assassinate two characters at once? At least make these abilities available to obtain! At times, I felt like Shadow of War makes a better assassins creed game the controls and combat were much more fluid. Side note  Dont play this right after Middle Earth, Shadows of War controls are very different!Worse than that though, the game is short. Like really short. And I went out of my way to do a lot of side quests. When you open up the map, there are a lot of areas you wont even explore. The main story doesnt even take you in to them. But when you go explore them they are mostly lvl 3540 areas which is end game anyways they are mostly empty. Theres no point in them even being there.The story. I dont know where to begin with this. Given the name Origin, I thought this would go in to the origin of how did training to be an assassin come about? Instead, you just know your character was a Mejey. I wanted to learn the origin of the assassin blade, but its just given to you with a short explanation not how it was created. The formation of the assassins creed is eluded to at the end, but its so brief, it feels like this was rushed. The ending was perhaps the most dissapointing. As you progress, you can tell who your final target will be, and I will avoid spoilers there. But at the end, you eventually are led to Rome. I got excited, as I was hoping this would open up another area to explore. Instead, you are only there for two very small brief experiences, not even a map to open up.You mostly play as Bayek, the main character. I was again let down to see that although you could play as his wife, there was no way to level her up, change weapons, get abilities, etc. There is no Evie and Frie experience like Syndicate. And you only play as his wife in very short instances.The graphics arent bad. In my opinion, most of the game I felt like the graphics were the same as Assassins creed 4, black flag, and less than syndicate. The good news is that for the most part the game is well optimized. Playing on a 1060 6GB video card and an i7 7700k OCd to 4.7 Ghz, I very rarely experienced framerate drops. But this would make sense since again, the graphics werent anything to shout about. It was also weird, that in some cases it looked like the graphics were automatically downgrading, looking blurry. The game has a built in resolution scale ability, but I left this turned off, and I swear at times it was still kicking in somehow.I LOVED the different fighting style of weapons. Sword and shield, dual swords, spears, and different variations of bows they all have different combat styles. Very enjoyable. By the way, if you play using an xbox controller, do yourself a favor and go in to the game settings and change to the second profile. I dont know who made the controls for the first profile, but pressing RB  RT is NOT a good combination for an ability.The game is still fun, and I felt like I wanted more. Thats a good sign. It was just kind of a let down that it was so short and that it left out a lot of previous games gameplay, particularly since there was a two year gap since syndicate. You would think that much more time would have added more to it. I would recommend this for 40 bucks at most to get your worth. 