Ive played every single Assassins creed game ever made.I considered myself a massive fan of the franchise during the Ezio era 20092011.And Assassins creed II is one of my favorite action games of all time.This game marries the stealth gameplay from AC with the open world from The Witcher III. For what it is it works really well.It has story issues The story isnt bad, characters just tent to do unrealistic things, the conversation animations leave a lot to be desired and the game is too damn easy. Im playing it on the highest difficulty setting and Im almost falling asleep. I want a Dark Souls setting damn it!Reguardless, this is objectively speaking the best AC game since 2 in terms of content, size and overall fun factor. I recommend a buy. Its a great place to start if you are unfamiliar with the series, and it will most likely satisfy you as a long time fan as well.If I get to use AngryJoes rating system Id give this game a 7 out of 10. Its above okay 5 but its no where near as good as games like The Witcher 3. If you are looking for an amazing open world game that beats everything else by a landslide, look elsewhere. But if you want a good game that is fun to play and you dont expect the world, this game will satisfy. It is a Good game. Not a great game, nor an avrage game or even a bad game. Its above avrage, as in better than most games. Your jaw wont hit the floor... but you wont get bored either.TAKE NOTE!  This game contains microtransactions! The game isnt pay to win and never did I once feel the need to spend money in order to have fun BUT they do exist. If the existance of a store menu bothers you then dont play AC Origins.   But again, its not like in Middle earth Shadow of War where you are pushed to buy stuff in order to get through the game. You can play the full thing from start to finish without spending a dime in the Microtransaction store.Though shame on Ubisoft for even including thisin the first place.Thank you for reading, hope you found this helpful.