I havent played an Assassins Creed game thoroughly since AC II, which is still a game I think of with much fondness. I tried playing AC III, as well as Black Flag, and while many liked them, I just didnt find myself getting into the plot. I was annoyed with some of the gameplay and didnt think much of buying another Assassins Creed game again.Naturally, thats until today, when not only did I buy another AC game, but I was apparently delirious and paid full price at that. I love Egypt. I love the history of Egypt, and the opportunity of playing in Egypt in an openworld setting was too much for me to pass up. Also, the overall vibe of the game gameplay  setting really interested me, something that hasnt been done by this series in quite some time.Ive played just shy of two hours, and I have enjoyed my time quite a lot. However, there are definitely some issues that I gritted my teeth through, and Id be lying if the idea of shutting the game off and letting it sit there until some patches come out wasnt tempting.First, I seem to have the pleasure of some intense sound issues. One minute Im listening attentively to these characters talk back and forth, and next Ive received a sonic boom / alien screech that scares the crap out of me every time. Its only happened during cutscenes and its not every single one thank god, but it happens enough to be quite awful to sit through. Its loud.Second, sometimes, theres some oddball glitching  again, only in cutscenes. Ive checked to see if this game was a resource hog and maybe I needed to adjust my fanspeeds, but everything was running coolly, so it appears to be directly in the game itself.Third, and its just my opinion, but Im rather let down with the graphics. Naturally most games Ive watched trailers for look beautiful and theres some graphical differences from video to gameplay, but to me these are quite drastic. Some of the facial features look great, and some characters look like melting candlesFinally, UPlay. I hate it. Im sure you hate it. Honestly Im rather comfortable assuming everyone hates it. Its crap, and it doesnt seem to have improved any since I had the enjoyment of installing it for Wildlands. It took me forever to get my accounts Steam  UPlay and I did need to reach out to customer support, but they resolved my issue quickly and I was able to get the game to work.There are definitely some annoying bugs in this game, but for me there havent been any that are totally gamebreaking, though by reading some other reviews it does seem like those exist. Im hopeful that theyre going to release some patches ASAP, but I can still recommend this game at the time. The sidequests are fun, the storyline so far is quite interesting, and while the controls can be odd to get used to it seems it was truly ported to PC to be used by keyboard and mouse, which I do play games with but usually prefer to use my controller, I was able to get acquainted with them quickly enough to fight well against enemies.UPDATE There are some bugs still, but MANY have been fixed and eliminated completely. The side quests are dizzying, honestly. I cant remember a game Ive played recently that had so many quests in so many different areas. The desert areas are still...bland. I can tell theres something out there for me to either do, explore, or both, but I either havent figured it out yet or Im not the right level to unlock something.Ive played just about 60hrs now, and chose this game for Extra Life  2017 this year just because its the first Ive played in ages Ive actually wanted to binge for extended periods of time. The franchise was over for me around ACIII, but this really revived it for me. 