IntroFor me, and for most of the AC univers fans, Ubisoft had to do a lot of repairing after the release of AC Unity and now after spending lots of hour playing thier latest titel Origins I have regained faith in them. They will still be viewed with a critical eye but so will any company because of the latest culture in game marketing.StoryOur main character Bayek is a Medjay, a sort of ancient Egyptian law enforcer, who is on a quest to revenge the death of his son. While it may sound like a very overused plot it is executed brilliantly. Bayek is a very likeable, mature, good guy character with a tough exterior driven by strong emotions and beliefs. As the story progress there is a lot more beneath the surface than just killing a man. There are tough society realities, mixing of cultures, strong backstories etc.Whats amazing is that they have transfered the same kind of depth to almost all of the side quests. They almost always develope in a different kind of direction than the initial task. Maybe the so called bad guys family has been taken hostage or the crocodiles you have to take care of have gone wild do to meddling of an unknown organisation.SettingThe Egyptian setting in Origins captured me very early. Not only is it a historical interresting setting but the way it has been brought to life in this game is at times breathtaking. It is to date by far the most beautiful looking game Ive ever seen. The ligting, the water effects, the movement of the vegetation, clothing etc. makes for some stunning sceneries. I have never taken so many pictures in a games photography mode.GameplayThey have made a very welcome change to the gameplay this time around. They added the addictive RPG looting system with tons of cool looking gear true to the Egyptian setting. As for the fighting Ubisoft roughly went from the Arkham counter button gameplay to the Witcher and Dark Souls block, dodge all over the place and learn the weapons movement patterns, reach, and damage output.You may choose the path of stealth or Rambo, but level indication makes a very fine line of what is possible. What I experienced is if they are 3 lvls higher you might as well come back later, 12 levels higher you might wanna do as many stealth kills as possible, and same level or lower you go Rambo.Its a lot more fun and aggressive gameplay than the previous titels. You also feel really badwhen you end a fight with an execution move, and see how the bodies have piled up around you.ConclusionIf you love open world 3rd person action games, then get this titel. I was not dissapointed in any way. And dont be afraid because of Ubisofts latest AC games, the team that made Origin has done an amazing job. 