keeping it simplestory  tacked on with dreadful writing but the world is the story in AC games. Even so, progression is halting and the momemtum is oft disruptedthe world / graphics  suprisingly very basic. Considering the praise by other reviewers, you would had expected a virtualized world of Hollywood Rome and Egyptian epics. Unfortunately, the reality is that the world just look like an upgraded version of Rome themed city builder games. In game, buildings looks similar and assets are oft repeated where the first towns pots, sacks and shacks are used till the end of the game.Rivers look like ponds. Vegetation is static but you do get some nice fields of flowers. Overworld lighting is basic with no cloud shadows, weather and lightshafts. The few sandstorms are done worse than Mad Max . You dont get sand drifts like Mad Max as well. Even footprints in the sand are in worse accuracy than Mad Max.world population is actually very low where you will see less people on screen than say GTAV, not to mention recent games like Mordor or Hitman. Theres no bustling canal traffic. The markets look deserted where stalls are just props. Doesnt feel real.. Theres also a lack of any physicsenchaced animation , from the likes of Tomb Raider / Witcher 3 / Just Causegame performance  hobbled by a double dose of DRM. Dont buy if you have anything less than an i7 from the past year and a gtx1070combat  terrible when compared to any modern combat action game. Engaging anymore than 2 enemies at once is a mess as you cannot parry around you.animation  basic. Not much has changed from a decade ago. Cut scene animations are servicable but no mocap. LA NOIRE still looks better on that front.audio  buggy with very loud singleentity voiceovers in public BUT without any direction of source. Its like a disembodied voice.  Lipsynching is servicable but poor on a AAA. Barely any enviromental sound effects as well. nothing close to immersive wind and sand effects in the desert. No chatter in the streets.music  forgettable. Nothing that you would find recognizable if someone played it elsewhere.gameplay  pretty standard Assasins creed fare which has not changed from the first few games a decade ago. No improvement in the AI as well. You can leave corpses all around in army fortification, or kill guards in direct line of sight of another without anyone raising an alarm. No one will also be calling out suspicious behavior like climbing the city walls right in the open.the rpglite experience  tacked on as a grind. You will still be tasked to collect x number of animal skins, rather than killing a specific animal which was fun in Far Cry 3. This also means parts of the world is now cut off till you level up.combat assists  scifi levels of enemy tracking behind walls BUT they designed a terrible looking white outline for them, which makes it even harder to distinguish targets when they are in a row. Theres some options to tune down assists in the options, but it doesnt allow any modular control. Either you take all the bobbing triangles and quest icons, or you get none . Nothing in between having no tracking icons, but seeing enemy levels and healthbars. You even get a drone in form of a hawk which can hovers.game breakers  yes, you can get stuck in objects at times , and accidently wandering into much higher leveled hostile zones is a common experience