Longtime Assassins Creed fan here.I waited until I completed the main story for this game until I gave it a review. I took my time and did not rush through the game at all. Worth it.My Specsi7 4790k  4.00GHzGTX 107012GB RAM1080p MonitorGraphics and PerformanceThe graphics are absolutely stunning. Day or night, in the middle of the desert or in the middle of a very populated city, the graphics never seize to amaze. Structures like the pyramids and the Sphinx are all made 11 in scale, so you will be in awe when you arrive there for the first time.There is also a ingame photo mode which lets you capture the beauty of Egypt.The map is the biggest in the series ever. So big in fact, that sometimes when exloring you forget you are in an Assassins Creed game. The map is detailed and even the desert or less populated areas feel like it has gotten a lot of attention to detail.Performance can be quite a problem sometimes I wont lie. In some cutscenes there will be some spikes. If I am in a city which is extremely populated my fps will dip to about 45. Anywhere else on the map I am getting a constant 60 Vsync enabled of course.StoryI wont give any spoilers. Overall, I am happy with the story of Bayek and the rise of the Assassins brotherhood. Is it as good as Ezios story? No. But it does not live in its shadow either. I would say that personally the story is my second favourite of all the games. I think Bayek is a likeable character, serious when needed, but also wont give up an opportunity to smile and be friendly.Modern Day  It is present, but not as fulfilling as you would want it to be.GameplayFor the first time Assassins Creed has an RPG factor to it. Meaning there is a levelling system, loot and various quests.The side quests that are available are pretty good, much better than they ever where in the other games. There are a lot of side quests to keep you busy after, or before you complete the main story. Quests will reward you with experience to gain a level. Each level will give you an ability point, where you can unlock various abilities/skills from a skill tree.Some quests also reward you with loot. Outfits or a weaponThere are a lot of outfits this time, not as in depth as Unity, but this time outfits are cosmetic.Combat is completely reworked and is now hitbox based. I really enjoyed the fresh new approach to combat, it feels good and is satisfying. Stealth is exiting and my personal favourite part of this game. Infiltrating an enemy stronghold like a ghost is really fun. Bows are also a big part of Origins, so stealth and even normal combat now has a new dimension to it  Range.Outside of quests, there are alsoChariot RacingGladiator Arena BattlesElephant BattlesStronghold InfiltratingVerdictI really enjoyed this game and have not even came near to doing all it has to offer.As a long time Assassins Creed fan who has played all of the games in the franchise I can honestly recommend this game.The new fresh approach to certain aspects of the game was really worth the risk.I welcome a sequel to Bayeks story any day.9/10