Assassins Creed Origins redeemed my faith in the franchise following several iterative but enjoyable releases.I went into this game with low expectations as I had been let down by the two prior games Unity and Syndicate especially. Origins changes a great amount of exactly what defines Assassins Creed and in the wake of a movie, a sidescroller spinoff and a remaster collection, Origins innovated where it absolutely had to in order to keep the franchise alive.Its an RPG now and plays similarly to something akin to The Witcher III Wild Hunt and, while the obvious inspirations are clear, I believe that Origins does a lot of what Wild Hunt does better, this is mostly because of the benefit of time and Ubisofts much bigger studio and budget.Sequences are gone and the modern story is all but nonexistent. Throughout this experience missions can be tackled in any order that the player sees fit. This is where a major strength and weakness rears up, levelling. As stated previously Its an RPG, and with it comes all the trimmings and limitations of such a game type. On one hand, now your level actually matters unlike in Syndicate or Unity which makes the feeling of progression all the more noticable. Throughout the game as you upgrade your health, armour, hidden blade and so on, you feel Bayek growing stronger and you grow with him as a player. Its a welcome change.Thats also where the major weakness truly comes into full force. Grinding is now a requirement in order to get your level up to participate in main story quests and in order to have a fighting chance in more advanced, and mostly more interesting side missions. I usually despise side missions in any open world game be it Grand Theft Auto, Assassins Creed or what have you and choose to ignore them 90 of the time. However, the grind of Origins was made all the more pleasant by the core gameplay loop being almost impossible to put down, everything plays so slick and smooth that the essential timewasting you have to do honestly doesnt feel like a chore, and heres why.They built everything from the ground up, the team behind the highly praised Assassins Creed IV  Black Flag poured everything they had time and resource wise into creating a truly unique experience. Individually the sum of its parts seem iterative of other properties, and thats largely because they are, but its how it all comes together that makes everything so blissful. The combat, now completely redone, and sharing a lot in common with From Softwares Dark Souls. This time around you have your two main selectable weapons and you have a light/heavy attack mapped to the right trigger/bumper as well as a drag step/slide/roll dodge button and a parry. Much like in Dark Souls, the shield functions much of the same way with blocking and parrying. The weapon selection this time around is plentiful and diverse more akin to the likes of Unity than the barebones bore of Syndicate with regular swords, sickle swords, dual swords, maces, two handed swords, spears and more. The combat takes a while to get used to and to some feels floaty and unfinished. In my opinion, from watching the combat you would probably think that too, its really something that you would have to play to properly grasp. More on that later.Instead of the bombs of Revelations or the revolvers of Syndicate, this time around Bayek sports a whole fleet of varied bows as his main projectile weapon, and they work perfectly. You have a whole slew of differing types, which for the sake of time I will generalise in a modern context Warrior bow Fires four arrows at once, its basically a shotgun, Predator bow one boltlike arrow that is used like a sniper Light bow the rapidfire submachine gun option and your standard bow types. All are incredibly situational and fun to use.Another major change to the formula this time around is in the scope of the game world. Black Flag was monumental upon its release and allowed you to travel massive distances across the Caribbean, Origins gives you the majority of Egypt to roam in and it is immense. Egypts game world is monolithic in a multitude of ways from the varied geographical differences youll encounter crossing entire deserts, swamps, oceans, forests to the many civilisied towns youll find on your vast journey. Its a very impressive technological feat for one, and the practicality of the game world as a whole makes exploring never feel pointless. If youre not on horseback travelling to a mission, then youre hunting wildlife for gear upgrades, diving below the water for sunken treasure, deep below a tomb discovering lost secrets of ancient times etc. It is a marvel to behold.Thats everything Origins does differently, but what about what it keeps the same? Well we have a likeable male protagonist who befalls tragedy which sends him on a revenge mission where he ultimately becomes something much bigger than himself. Sounds familar right? Its essentially the exact same setup that sets the stage for Ezio Auditore, Arno Dorian and arguably Connor Kenway.Thats the major weakness of having a game of this size and scope with the approach to nonlinear mission progression. Because everything isnt in order, we just dont get a story which is very evenly connected and as a result, we get a conclusion which will be lent over to DLC in order to properly conclude. As a narrative goes It is simple and servicable but its frankly too disjointed to ever fully get engaged in, this is mostly due to the lack of direction and flow that work in tandem with gameplay and story, they just dont gel well together. While I really like Bayek, Aya and the main cast of characters, there was little really keeping me invested in what exactly the story was.In my mind, I had a set of targets to go after and kill. They were the highlight of the game, the assassination targets were more memorable than any of the cutscenes I sat through concluding the task. I remember the events leading up to a climatic battle with The Hyena, the satisfying victory over The Lion and the swift death of The Crocodile a lot more than I do the long and drawn out conversations with Cleopatra and Caeser.Thats my main point really Its all in the gameplay this time around. If you have come for a satisfying story then you may leave empty handed and yet while the narrative may only be servicable at best, its the core gameplay loop that will keep you playing. Is that a bad thing in an AC game? I dont think so. With that kind of scope, with this kind of world, it would be crazy to expect the same kind of narrative tightness that held Ezios three game linear journey together, especially as the gameplay of the older games faultered a lot more than it does now.With all that said, thats why this game has consumed so much of my life in recent weeks, because I am also finding new things to explore, missions I havent yet touched yet and competing in events such as finishing off the elite gladiator challenges or chariot races. Im in love with how the game plays and its left me with a hunger for more as I get closer to finishing off The Hidden Ones DLC and begin looking forward to whats promised with The Curse of the Pharaohs a little later in the year.Its really difficult to exactly nail down why I love this game so much, and I feel like you could do all the reading in the world about it, you watch every story cutscene on the internet and yet come away knowing little to nothing about the experience until you actually play through it yourself, and I encourage each and every person to. Its a game you wont soon forget, it wont remain in your memory for the same reasons as the Ezio games but It is a great standalone RPG, a fantastic RPG and a bold leap forward for Assassins Creed, and in a direction that I hope they continue to innovate on in the future. 