This is a review for AC Origins Witcher Souls Tomb Raider EditionQuote on box Thank Bayek for all the Egyptian tombs found with nothing but broken pots and linen wrapsPros Historical Setting they really put a lot of effort into researching the details of the architecture, clothing, environment, culture, its very respectful and pays homage to a culture that unfortunately doesnt exist anymore You can spend hours just roaming around the open world reveling in the beauty of the environment and noticing all the small details of the NPCs daily activities. Its one of the most detailed and dense open world games Ive ever played. Main characters are very likable. Bayek is one of the series strongest protagonists since Ezio in AC II. Senu is half the exploration experience 3 Bayek likes to talk to himself, and in doing so reveals a lot of fascinating facts about ancient Egypt Gameplay is very similar now to Witcher 3 meditating to fast forward time, pressing Q for mount, combat system. However, there still isnt an option for custom dialogue and story choices yet though hopefully thatll be a future feature?Cons This may be less of an issue over time with patches, but early on the game made my GTX 970 run its fan like crazy  and its the middle of winter. At Very High settings, there was a lot of frame rate stutters and I had to cap my fps to 45 to get it to stabilize. The main story felt weak and made me feel a bit disappointed. I wont spoil anything, but there were many elements that couldve been further expanded upon. it feels almost incomplete even. leaving a feeling that there may be more to see in the upcoming DLC.  Cutscenes are also a flurry of action and sometimes can feel confusing. Not really a con for me, but if you dont like to grind for resources, expect the game to be a bit harder. Youll need to collect resources over the course of the game to upgrade your gear and get better stats and it could take awhile. Its a bit hard to make out certain locations like ruins embedded in deserts AND yellow versus white question marks on the map. Its extremely hard to make out the difference between the two which shows a potential area of interest for the player by importance. The yellow arrows even blend in to the desert sometimes. The combat system is way better than in previous games and actually offers a challenge. But it can definitely be improvedVerdict8.8/10 Would romp around ancient Egypt againI havent had so much fun in Assassins creed since concluding Ezios journey