Ok...10 hours into this game here are some of my thoughts...AC Origins is a radical shift away from the earlier Assassins Creed games.  They have essentially turned Assassins Creed into Skyrim or Witcher III only without the magic or monsters.  Because of this the main storyline often gets buried in the side adventures you keep stumbling uponwhich is fine, because it all seems pretty stupid anyway and mostly gets told through gameinterrupting cutscene flashbacks.The combat sytem has also been changed significantly to add a lot of hacking and slashing as well as archery.Graphicswise, the game is beautiful and the world a joy to explore.  Like Skyrim or Witcher III, the map is absolutely huge.This game is very CPU/GPU intensive and I had to play around with the settings a lot to keep my frame rates from stuttering.  This problem has been widely reported.  Also, this game crahses A LOT.  And theres no pattern that I can discern.  It just seems to happen randomly.  And yes, my drivers are up to date and no, I do not have this problem with any other game.So basically, this game has some upsides and downsides.  Im not going to thumb it down because of the downsides because I can only assume the worst of the problems will be fixed eventually.  Still, it would be nice if they did that before they sold you the game, but thats just how it works these days.Anyway, so far its been fun to play and I bought it on sale so I am not disappointed.UPDATEOK, I have basically finished playing thorugh the game and here are some final thoughts...Although the crashes did get better the game still stutters and crashes on occasion.  In fact, I am giving this game The Crashiest Game of the Year Award.The pet eagle is a pretty cool addition.You see some pretty crazy stuff out in that desert.This is one of the most reptitive Assassin Creed games ever.No more replaying missions like in the old Assassin Creeds.  In fact, once you finish the game theres not really much to keep you playing it.The camera mode with the sharing feature is a nice touch.Trying to mix Assassins Creed and Skyrim didnt really work all that well in my opinion.  As far as videogames go, this game just isnt as fun as some of the earlier Assassins Creed games.Still some of the most beautiful graphics Ive ever seen.  It almost made up for the bad writing and dumb story.In conclusion I would still recommend this game overall.  Just make sure you buy it on sale.