Ive tried many times over and over again, but I cant get attached to the story. The lip syncing is off, and the characters facial expressions are stiff. Bayek is emotionless and reminds me of Aidan Pearce. His motivation seems unreal and a filler for the gameplay. The only part of this story that feels real is his bond with his wife, Aya. Thats when he shows some sign of humanity and stops acting like a coldblooded killer for no other reason than it being an AC game. The transition from Bayek to an Assassin is rushed and happens unexpectedly at one point in the story. You just get done doing another quest, and suddenly Bayek no longer knows who he is. You ask yourself if youre missing something, and if Bayek experienced something you didnt. This same storyline happens to Aya.Bayeks son, Khemu, is an uninteresting cliche due to his lack of development and own personal story. He feels like the rest of the kids in this game, nothing makes him feel special to the story.Bayek loses Khemu which is what begins his rain of vengeance, but this doesnt seem like an appropriate reaction. He just lost his son, who we dont know enough to care about, and now hes going to completely forget who he is, his character, his personality, and just start killing everything? Yes.The story isnt all that bad, though. The bond between Bayek and Aya is the only thing that kept my eyes open while watching these cutscenes. The emptiness Bayek feels now that his wife is miles away from him with a new name and a new purpose does have an effect on the player as well, at least it did for me. All in all, I would recommend this story than Unity or Syndicate any day.The gameplay is smooth and addicting. You hold left alt to parkour up and C to go down. Holding left alt felt awkward at first and I was tempted to change it in the keybinding settings, but before I knew it I was holding left alt all the time. A cool feature in this game is the backflip leap of faith. While hanging from a ledge and pressing eject LAlt or holding C descend Bayek will backflip into a leap of faith and land in the haystack lined up below him. This feature goes great with the builtin photo mode that lets you capture the backflip in action, as well as thousands of other gorgeous moments.In Origins, Bayek can climb anything, even if theres no visible ledge to grab onto. This may take you by surprise and leave you wondering how in the world Bayeks able to dig his fingers into a steep wall, but eventually youll get used to it, and climbing will feel free and unrestricting.Now how in the world is there parkour if we have mounts? Well, mounts are only useful on the open road, and this game isnt all that. Theres many cracks and crevaces and outposts that Bayek needs to climb in alone. This creates a great balance between different methods of getting from point A to point B.Origins is a very demanding game, and with GPU prices on the rise you will have to make due with the FPS that this game gives you. On thepaired with theonsettings I get about 40 fps in extremely grassy areas, and 5562 fps in the desert. Taking out the torch drops my fps about 10.Like many others, when I was first introduced to the combat in AC Origins, I wasnt impressed. It seemed jagged, rough, and unprofessional. Seeing damage numbers in an AC game actually made me avoid buying it for a while. Yet, when I gave this game a chance and tried out the combat for the first time, I was instantly addicted. Without the combat of AC Origins, this game would be getting a much harsher review. Combat is challenging, which is what makes a game a game. The challenge forces you to feel that urge of progression and discovering the highestend gear and filling your inventory with nothing but legendary weapons. The stats on weapons also take a big role and make you decide which combination of stats works best for most situations. This fits surprisingly well in Assassins Creed, and if Ubisoft continues to take this approach, Im excited to see what they have in store.