Disclaimer I havent finished the game and probably wont in the foreseeable future, as such take my story related criticisms with that in mind.TLDR  The story is bland. The characters are bland. The gameplay is changed for the worse. Extreme CPU usage. Not recommended in its current state.Initially I was quite fond of Origins, there seemed to be many good ideas, but as time passed, I noticed they werent good for the Assassins creed game, they were just good mechanics in and of themselves, in no particular orderProsStunningly beautiful depictions of ancient Egypt.Many variants of weapons and fighting moves.Big skill tree with many interesting skillsYour horse can be set to follow the road. This can be used while youre in your eagle scouting.  Thats some really good design there. It can also track to custom markers, extra points.The eagle is neat, and I love that they added small functionality to it by allowing you to fast travel from this view, it makes it very easy to just get on with it and helps minimize menu fiddling.You can kill all some? assassination targets without specifically being on a mission to assassinate them.ConsYou can kill all some? assassination  targets without specifically being on a mission to assassinate them. Yes I know I just listed it as a pro, because at first I thought it was kinda neat, I was just doing another mission and happened to do a takedown on some guy from above, and as luck would have it that guy was actually my target, utterly unbeknownst to me. However, after the first time, I realised how shallow it makes the game. Instead of setting up a plan like in say, Unity yeah, going to unity for better gameplay, go figure where you could buy or acquire help/allegiances to change how the assassination was done. Here you have to do the same, but within the confines of the game, and the game isnt designed well enough for that, there is no secret methods to find, there is no poisoning a vat of wine to reduce the amount of guards on patrol. You can literally run in, stab a bloke and have another notch on your leather as you sprint for the nearest wall.The aforementioned eagle brings its own problems. Because you are given a literal birds eye view of every situation, and as long as you arent standing gormlessly in plain sight there is no threat to you, you can scout a base for hours to mark everyone. Nearly every single mission starts with you piloting your biodrone and doing a quick search of the area to find the hidden objective, it gets tedious very quickly and just adds busywork there is no threat, no thought and no challenge to sweeping a marker left to right until the game goes ping. The combat has turned from a simple, but pleasant nimble dance displaying the years of training most assassins receive with a clumsy implementation of your bog standard third person fighting. The targeting system is awful, the feedback is weak, and I can only assume the variety of weapons is the cause of 3 kill animations. Also theres floating damage numbers now, which is annoying and feels out of place. The controls for fighting is atrocious, youre constantly gliding around and it feels like Bayek is automatically equipped with omnidirectional rollerskates when he enters combat, it is very annoying and while the combat is more challenging than previous iterations, its not because of clever design but just bad controls and bad implementation of good ideas.stealthing is now a toggle, very personal and minor thing, might be able to change this in the options but the default setting really does not work for me.Stealth is now only something we do in bushes. No more wall hugging. In addition, the guards will spot you nearly immediately making the experience very tedious because youre then forced to do the combat.With stealth made into what it is, the hidden blade has been changed to no longer being a mostly One hit kill. Now anyone who is above your level will still be able to stand up after tanking a 10 cm blade to the throat. Because levels.Yes, things now have levels.  Again, personal gripe but I do not believe it has any place in the series. Make actual interesting enemies with different innate strengths and weaknesses, do not just multiply their health and damage with a number. This goes for the player character too.Bayek is boring. The story starts in media res mid assassination, then there is a quick combat/climbing tutorial and you are let lose. I dont mind in media res, but that usually goes for games that arent open world. As has been well established open world kills any attempt at pacing so when youre just dropped off and asked to do what you like, maybe you do a story mission to figure out why that guy had to die, or maybe you go hunting for 4 hours. It defeats the entire purpose of the concept of IMR, which is instant action. When you finally figure out why Bayek is on a path of revenge its a few missions in, but he and his wife really dont seem that distraught about it all. Maybe theres something to be said for a realistic depiction of a parent couple living in a time where the death of a child is much more common, but personally knowing people who have lost their child early, thatstings for years. And when they think they finally got their revenge, their joy is phoned in from the ISS.Also theres performance issues, some say its DRM, Ubi says it isnt, dont really care, plenty games look as good or better without strangling my CPU like that, there is no excuse for it either way.I could go on, there are so many small sand granules that grinded the enjoyment I had away over 10 or so hours of gameplay, but I feel like Ive espoused enough for now.