As a note before I get on with the review this is a massive game. I had a huge review before this one and with the new format Im using for my reviews, I rewrote it. This review doesnt have everything about everything, which my previous one did. Not everything is covered here, and for a reason. I did try to cover the most asked questions and most important things for a review and from what Ive seen on forums and whatnot. The TLDR is the header.No.No, but you should pay attention if you care about the story obviously.Nope.I beat the whole game on Hard. It depends on how good you are at stealth or how fast you get acquainted with the new combat. I only had trouble with a few of the story bosses.Yes. I uncovered the whole map, did about half the locations and beat the story in 85 hours.Yes.Eh. The game is a result of all the complaints they got from previous games and from my experience, it seems as though they do care about our feedback. The weapon addon packs are crazy prices considering what they add, but you can unlock them via Heka Chests although the odds arent very good. They also use a lot of DRM. The game itself is a job welldone. Consumerfriendly DRM and weapon addons? No.Yes. Dont get it if you hate the new combat system more on that below or if you choose to not support games that have forms of loot chests heka chests in game are a form of loot chests.The quality of the game surpasses it.Its very good. It works for longtime and new fans. Probably my favorite story in the series Ezios was also fantastic. I wont say anymore. Enjoy it.This is simply a list of what I would personally change. Nothing seriously wrong with the game or gamebreaking.List below1. The Gladiator Arena and how it works add a progression system, increase rewards and dont add enemies with skulls to the waves. Its fun but getting to waves that are impossible to beat is not so enjoyable no matter what wave it is, 16 or 25.2. Add a bit more animations to execution moves.3. Add the ability to refresh the Phylakes. Imagine getting weekly assassination missions for like 20 Phylakes around the map. And killing them gives you a chance to unlock a weapon from the addons, sort of like Heka Chests but fun.4. Take away the speed limit where it exists.5. Take away Heka Chests refer to 3 and add a quest in which we get the weapon addons. Or make them acquirable in some other manner. The weapon addons are so cool, but how you get them is based on luck or real money which is a nono.Buy it and try it. It feels amazing. Its one of the reasons the game is so good and so fun. It might suck to play with at first, but once you get used to it, its fantastic.. If you absolutely know that you will hate it, then dont get the game. You could go through the entire game 90 of it with just a bow and arrow or your hidden blade, otherwise the new combat system is a pretty big part of it.You can have your opinion, but almost everything in this game is a result of them listening to the complaints for years. Dont  about adifferent game when they made a game as a result of all the complaints. Dont get the game and stop looking at reviews if you have already decided to hate the game because of what they have changed.Very much so. I feel like they FINALLY have a direction they plan on going with the series.Only a few minor annoyances exist and Ive only experienced a few things that I think need changing, Horde mode and Heka Chests being the most important. Ive enjoyed my time completely throughout this game. Assassins Creed Origins is. I went back to find out what was changed in the Gladiator Arena Horde Mode. They didnt lie, they made it so we could get past round 16 round 16 was when enemies with skulls would swarm you. You would get 1 shot. I played it on Hard. I got to round 23 I believe might have been 22. I got around 1500xp and a couple thousand dollars. I do not remember how long it took me. I STILL do not like this mode. They just made it so that the enemies arent that much higher than your level until round 23 or so. By then, I was facing a wave of level 47 enemies when Im 45. In normal circumstances this wouldnt be difficult, but since its a wave in Horde mode, you have every enemy type against you. So I got two shot by an archer. Im assuming at this point you could maybe go another 2 to 3 rounds until the enemies had skulls above them, but using dual blades the dlc ones on Hard round 23, it took A LOT of hits to kill an enemy. So I cant imagine it being much fun past this point. Horde Mode is still an issue. More on this in the rant below if you care to read it.You can now survive another 79 rounds in Horde Mode. All of my issues with it are still present, they simply changed the level cap. Which is what they said they did...but still...cheeky. GODDAMMIT I WANT MORE. THIS COULD BE SO MUCH FUN.My gripe with this mode is that I want it to have more effort put into it! I think it would be epic for Horde mode to be more than just see how fast you can get to round 25 then die and do it all again! For the same rewards!. Its fun to  around in and whatnot, but it gets bored fast. I dont mind not having anything left to do in the game, but if youre going to add a Horde mode, at least make it interesting. Make it have a level cap of your current level, give us a boss fight every 5 rounds, let us use a bow and arrow, maybe let us bring our Hidden Ones into battle with us for a cost maybe?, let us and the enemies use 2 levels in the arena if we get past round 30 without dying.this could be so much ing fun, but instead its a grindfest to round 25 that has a definitive end and is only to juice exp and money. I know this is a wall of complaints and Im very glad we have Horde mode, I still think this is a great game, I just see so much potential in Horde mode, not only in this game but in every game that has it, and I feel like they just missed a huge opportunity to make this game shine once youre done with everything. I could easily see myself spending hours in Horde mode if what I said was implemented, but now I go in for one or two rounds of 23 waves and then I get bored. Honestly, Ubi could make a Horde mode DLC for 510 even and just make it a HUGE addon to the game. So much potential. So much opportunity. Completely missed. Ill update this if things change. Until then, I wait in anticipation for the next DLC. 