Lets start with the graphics, I can run the game on maxed out settings, The game looks visually stunning.The trees, water and grass textures look almost realistic. Ubisoft is always amazing at making water textures they look very very real!Character animation is perfect apart from one bug I have noticed. When spamming aim while holding a bow and walking the character looks like its gliding across the ground, however im not sure if this is even possible to fix.Performace is a key to any game and so far ubisoft have really f this up. I have a high end system with the following specs GTX 1080 Gigabyte OC edition 8GB VRAM Ryzen 1700 8/16 core CPU 16GB HyperX RAMMy GTX 1080 uses about half of its VRAM when playing the game in ultra, however that is not the problem. My Ryzen 1700 uses 90100 of every single core when playing from mediumultra settings, this is apparently not due to the 2 layers of pirating protection they are using, I have no idea why they do this anyway because its not needed at all. If people want to crack the game itll be cracked no matter how much antipirating sh they add to the game.They need to fix this urgently if my system and many other systems with much higher specs cant run the game without burning the CPU how the f are the so called recomended specs supposed to run it?The new combat that ubisoft have introduced is much better, it is however still very easy when played in hard difficilty and the new controls if playing on PC take awhile to pickup.The story is interesting like most assassin creed games, the map to explore is massive and theyve made it very well by having the player upgrade and level up, before they can progress onto new land.I personally love this game and would reccomend it, however in its current state being really unoptimised for the CPU, I wouldnt buy it unless you have a high end system that will be able to play it without frame drops etc. This games graphics looks amazing when run from highultra. Very fun and long campaign. The story is understandable and well written. Game is not optimized at all! I have a GTX 1080 and Ryzen 1700 very high specs. I get 60FPS consistantly with Vsync turned on, however all my CPU cores are running at 100... 