AC Origins is. Im genuinely impressed with it this time around.For me personally some of this may be the fact I ignored all information about it, from whenever it initially started being advertised before launch, through release. I wanted a surprise  good or bad  because were all so used to AC core mechanics being so similar for so damn long. I wanted to find out if UbiSoft has been listening or playing deaf.I can report fortunately, although plenty of previous core mechanics are here, theres aof differences too, nuance, implementation of story and many other aspects either never seen, greatly improved or changed in interesting ways.One of the largest differences to me is how it plays right from the start. Instead of being immediately and obviously tied directly to the assassins story umbrella its a totally fresh take. I wont go any further than that and just say it works really, really well.The graphics capabilities and settings available blow away previous installments. Theres enough finegrained detail settings most folks should be able to reach an excellent balance between quality and performance.When initially starting the game after looking at the size of the starting area using the map my thoughts were  nice, this is a nice size region to explore. Good hunting grounds, lot of dunes, camps, cliffs and other areas. Could see fog of war with typical edges where the limits of the memory boundaries / unpassable.So I thought  I sure hope it has several of these so the world feels large with a lot of places to go. I then stopped thinking about that completely and focused on the area, main and side quests and explored a lot, hunted etc  to get a good feel for the mechanics. When it was finally time to leave because Id completed the main quests in the starting area I looked forward to seeing the next.When I arrived I got the same impression. Nice size with a lot of explorable area, even larger than the first. This was on the right track.At some point though I looked at the map and to my astonishment, the perceived size of the world wasthan what was originally conveyed. I think this happened because the world map opened up at some point during main quest completions and synchronizing a lot towers to help reveal more POI and other items of interest.At this point the world map Im looking at is staggering in size. Not only this but I also noticed regions appear to have general level ranges associated with them  very similar to an MMO, so that on a quick glance its simple to determine the difficulty of a region versus my current level.And level matters,. Attacking NPC and beasts a few levels above you skulled will get you absolutely dominated like a bug. Icing on the cake for weapons is next.The weapons systems is vast with huge variety and they have attributes, like boosting precision, speed, fire light target up like a gas can etc. And the weapons have tiers ranging from typical common to legendary, and you can also dismantle weapons for raw materials you need to craft other gear.Not only this but all weapons so far can be upgraded at a black smith. So should you fine a bow, or sword or anything else that has just the right attributes you want you can keep using it as long as you care too. You just  for a rising fee based on level  upgrade the weapon and itll automatically bring the weapon lvl and damage stats up to your current level.This is an exceptionally nice feature and Im using it a. I dont have to constantly keep switching weapons for better ones, althogh when I do come across some I like better I simply replace and off I go. This is a great system and much appreciated!Buy this game, whether youve played AC as a veteran for years or never touched anything in the AC series before. This is a very high quality game with compelling mechanics, interesting story and an environment where exploration is actually fun and satisfying now.I didnt mention the hunting, riding, sailing and so many other aspects that exist... theres athat can be done in this game and Im still just on the outer edge of discovering how much there is.This is a fun game. In fact I havent had this much fun in quite a while. Regardless of any AC before, good or bad, AC Origins is a great game thats fun to play. Im taking my time and going slow, adding as much length as possible by exploring the environments and not rushing anything at all. So for me  theres a lot of stuff Im enjoying and discovering.Ill be adding some images here for fun and / or to show some performance results for a powerful but older era rig. Modern rigs with high quality powerful components equivalent to mine but with modern generation tech should really enjoy cranking this thing up a few notches!There are many interesting things about the water, from looks to interactions and things of danger.. 