Well then...My first ever review. I suppose its about time.If you have an i7 cpu and a really good gpu, just go and buy it. kthxbye.What? Oh... Fine, heres the long variant.I was introduced to the AC franchise in I think 2011 or 2010. Played every single one since 1 all the way till AC3, I found something.... lacking in AC3 and even in Black Flag. Since then the 3 games that followed, not including Origins. I didnt touch. Who cares Sydd? Why tell us this? Im only mentioning this so that you know  where Im coming from to better relate to my review. There was a time when I felt like AC was developed out of passion and love for the series. I stopped feeling that way ever since AC3 came out. I dont know why. But Im so very happy I got that feeling again in Origins.Youre paying a pretty hefty sum for this game. There are microtransactions. There are some odd bugs here and there. There is a grind. BUT.Remember those annoying side quests where you had to tail someone or evesdrop on moving targets etc? Its all gone. The side missions are well thought out and are hm. pretty good. Sadly it feels little repetitive because the go fetch missions or whatever type of mission almost always ends up with you, storming a fortress and killing a commander and looting a chest or stealing a horse. It works. But it could have been done better.Story. Oh my, the characters are lovable. Heck even Senu, the eagle has a personality. Theyre all well written. Bayek is quite charismatic and is mad driven on revenge. While it may remind you of ezio, hes far more serious than Ezio was remember ezio going around flirting? Bayek is a one woman man. 3 The pacing is pretty... okay. It has similarities with ghost recon wildlands and far cry series. More of a far cry feel tho and thats fine. The leveling is where the grinding gets annoying. But is negated because literally everything you do gives you xp.Microtransactions arent gamebreaking and I hate ubisoft for being greedy but thankfully, its not like I really need it.Guys. Remember the real world bit in Assassins creed? That part is finally added and... its really good. Doesnt get in the way at all and is really handled well.So well done with this game ubisoft. Its definitely a must buy if youre an AC fan.