Not many games have caught my attention and held it like this one. I have not payed any of the Assassin Creed games before. This was my first. And judging by the ending, it may not have been a good thing. I have already purchased some others from this franchise. If they are half as good, they will be worth more than what I paid for them.HighsThis game has a very strong story line. It captivated my attention and kept interested in the outcome. I must admit, the storyline has some dark moments in it. And with such a captive story line and very well animated cut scenes, I came very close to tears No other games have done this to me ever!A lot of side quests for those days where you feel like a simple quest or two to pass time without getting in too deep. The side quests also helped boost your strength and weapon levels.Even though I spent a bit of cash in the ingame store, it is not needed. To be honest, the best gear and clothing come from unlocking the secret side quests and other quests are superior to the online store. A pleasant change from some companies who have you buy the higher quality products. This one gives them to you by questing. The buy items are purely esthetics.I played Thief back in the day and I must say, I enjoyed going back to the calculated sneak and destroy approach again. But a slip did not always cost you the mission, you were still able to battle your way out of situations with skill and proper gear etcThis was very close to perfection in my opinion and based on the types of games I like to play.LowsNot really a low, but you only have automatic game saves, so if you die, you must start a section over. And if you did not like the outcome, you cannot jump back to a point in time. But all in all, it made you consider your options carefully.I strongly recommend this game if you like interesting storylines, beautiful sceneries, puzzles, sneakiness and more. You get your moneys worth and spending in game is not required what so ever. The game gives you the best for free!I do not write many reviews but this one deserves a shout out. Good job team. 