TIME TO CHANGE THE REVIEW!!!!!Nop, i havent finished the game yet, but still. i think this game deserves a RECOMMEND.Start with some really highhighlights. The First Civilization tombs are astonishing, something has been missing for quite a while, in fact i think this is the first time we get to experince it freely, especially when you see a first civilization valley hiding right in the sand, thats simply marvelous. And the last tomb made a awesome reveal on the goal and creed of Assassin organization, wont spoil anything, but it somehow makes the previous games make sense, especially on AC3, when i finished it i didnt understand the struggle of Conner and the plot was weird, but with the ACO filling the blanks, damn i want to get backt to play it. It has similar effects on other AC as well, so definetly, do the explorations.Character levelup system is not grinding, to be fair, every region has collectables and side quests available right after you finished prologue, and you are fully prepared to conquer them level by level right after you get your hidden blade, and kills the story phylake. With some exploration and site clear done, i got back to main story quest with a lvl 30 character with full gold gears.Different regions have significant different styles, with the bonus come with exploration, ACO was able to present a memorable map and sights, something i think was failed to be achieved since AC3, and damn they are beautiful.Here are the mixed parts.Fights between similar level enemies are still pretty easy, maybe because i over upgrade all my stats, so they are pretty easy. It feels some Soul game vibes, you get bonus for attacking enemy in the back, attack after breaking their shields and attacking after a parry, but there wont be any any special attack moves being dealt to the, and the attacks feel legit, especially with hammers, or dual blades, but the move set is repetitive, so in the end it is just you are slashing them, and you dont feel really immersive in all the fights, or you can make fun of different moves as you can in previous AC games.Stealth is not bad in fact, unlike previous AC the assassination moves are pretty fast and easy to execute, this time it is slower and harder to execute. This is forgivable considering how Bayak is bad with this new weapon. i had quite a laugh when he ed up using hidden blade, no spoilers lol The result is you need to rely on very, well, oldschool stealth techniques, however the new forts and camps are pretty fun to stealth in, and the location objective doesnt make it too boring, like in AC3 i can just rush in and kill the target without triggering the alarm, yes, it shows Connor being one of the most skilled assassin in the history, but it is just not good for climaxes. Move set is repetitive, yes, but endurable.Now the bad partsThe RPGlike level restriction is dumb, no matter how much you upgrade your stats, like you have golden hidden blade and golden health and golden melee, you cant do much of a damage to enemies approxmately 3 levels above of you, it is not logically realistic, like it just doesnt fit into logics,like that just in no way might happen, even in ACs fictional worlds, and it breaks immersion. It also makes stat upgrades seem useless, why do i even bother to upgrade them if they doesnt take me higher? And you might say Im good at Souls, i might kill that son of a  with my skills. i thought the same, but ACOs move sets are pretty overfancy, so unlike Souls the dodge and attack is not clean and immediateresponsive, and the aiming is not accurate, this inaccuracy can also be seen while doing parkour and assassinate other people. Once you get the level, you get super op and you are Connor all over again, so in the end Ubisoft still made a berserkerassassin, with less fancy moves to kill enemies.So overall, if you are into lore, plots and a mixed side quests, you should definetly try this out, as they did make up the lack of fun in RPG system, it even helps to get over the problems, so that you can level up as you are enjoying all this small stuffs.I might come back for the Main quest, since it seems good but I need to finish it first.BTW, the exclusive pyramid mission sucks, and im looking forward to the new God trial boss, because Anubis is only good visually, but the fight itself is dull.