20 hours in and I will most definitely be playing more. My review will be based on my gameplay experience and might change as I play more. The games setting was most definitely the most attractive reason for me to buy this game. Running around in the huge open world of Ancient Egypt helping its people, hunting, gathering materials, getting randomly attacked by wildlife and of course enjoying the amazing graphics and using the hell out of photo mode.The story so far has been interesting with Bayek as its main character, who seems to be quite cheerful compared to other AC main characters regardless of the tragedies hes been through. The story also seems to build up quite well introducing historically relevant figures, issues and myths and connecting them to the main plot over time.I was very skeptical of the combat system at first but after trying out different weapons and getting used to handling the new system I find it more rewarding. Being able to switch weapons midfight depending on what situation youre in and using your shield properly makes combat difficult and more enjoyable rather than running in and countering 20 opponents instantly killing them, now you have to think before engaging multiple enemies if its feasible. The only main issue Ive experienced with combat is the lockon function. It doesnt seem to work like its supposed to making me avoid it all together.One tiny issue that isnt relevant to everyone but that annoys me personally being Egyptian and an Arabic speaker is the mispronunciations of Arabic words. Especially by the character Layla Hassan. I believe if they couldnt get and Arab or Egyptian voice actor they didnt have to force Arabic words into the dialogue all it did was result in very cringey game moments. An example of this is when she says Cheers in Arabic its Fisihitik which ends being remarkably butchered to be Fisikkhhittik adding unrequired phlegms. Sorry for this tiny rant it just triggers me how often this happens.40  hours in and still enjoying the game only a few new things to add.There seems to be a limited number of killing animations. Seems to be about 12 animations per weapon as well as 4 animations for hidden blade kills. A larger number of various cool animations wouldve been appreciated.On the other hand the amount of side quests, collectibles, forts, tombs, papyrus puzzles and other distractions is HUGE. Not to mention the presence of interesting details and facts of the ancient world that are represented throughout side quests. If you are someone like me that gets distracted and sidetracked easily, It will take you a long time before you finish the games story line I havent completed it yet.Swimming, in my opinion, for the first time in the AC series is manevurable and fluid in terms of control.The Arabic in future dialogues only gets worse  ... Please STAHP!! !In summary, the game has been extremely enjoyable so far with lots to see, many side quests, interesting story, an enjoyable combat and loot system and of course Senu the eagle. 