Ive only played this game for about 6 hours. Its awesome, honestly. Funnest assassins creed Ive played.Some people seem to think that Im rating the game down because my computers performance. If you read the whole review, that is not the problem. But for clarity, I am editing the review here to say that my specs are in the comments. My PCs performance is definitely not the issue here. I was running the game on Ultra settings with my FPS never dipping below 75, even in the most hectic situations.The game has optimization issues, clearly. It doesnt run poorly on my system on Ultra settings, but it definitely doesnt run the way Id expect it to. The gameplay is more than enough to make up for this. And I expect there will be a patch within the next month or two to rectify this.Finally the reason I dont recommend this. I cant start the game. I could start it a couple days ago, and thats when I played it for 6 hours in one day. Tried to start it the next day, and it didnt work. Ive been chatting with the ubisoft support team since then with no resolution. This is the biggest issue on the Assassins Creed Origins support site that I can see with over 450 people engaging in the chat, saying that they have the same problem with no resolution, other than a few outliers who found success in changing the install location to their C Drive, running it in administrator mode, etc. But for the vast majority, this is a problem that has not been solved.I cant give this game a thumbs up if I cant play it.Edit From what Ive been able to troubleshoot with the support team and on my own, the failure to launch is most likely caused by A Having more than one HD/SSD installed in the PC, B A conflict between Steam and Uplay, or C Most Likely Some weird combination of both. The only troubleshooting option the support team has left is to do a complete windows reset. Ill update when that happens.Edit Windows Reset didnt help either. Hopefully Ubisoft finds the issue and releases a patch to fix the issue soon, because at this point, it doesnt look like this is anything I can solve on my side. Ill update if the support team is able to help get the game running.EDIT FIXED! The most recent Uplay update fixed it for me! My guess is the Uplay launcher was having difficulty finding the game files for some reason or another, and that fixed it. Like I said at the first part of the review, I think this is a great game, and now Im finally able to play it.