So, I havent finished the entire game just yet. Ive only just gotten up to the hidden blade part, lol, but I do have a lot to say. And you can trust my review since Ive played almost every single major AC game except unity, just never on steam.My laptop is sht. No, really. Its new, but its not suited for gaming at all. Its meant to be a laptop for nothing but writing essays and watching videos at most. It crashed, at first, on the splash screen, but a graphics driver update fixed that pretty easy. The FPS rarely goes over 30. HOWEVER, it doesnt have the absolutely terrible lag that a lot of people have been talking about. I know what terrible lag is like, okay? I had a laptop that lagged for AC1 and I played Black Flag on it. That was absolutely terrible. Horrible. I still played it because it was good, but the lag was horrible. The Witcher 3 lags so much on this laptop I dont own the game but Ive tried it out on a laptop with the same specifications. For AC Origins, the lag, if there is anything, was bareable for me at least. There was no lag in time between input and action, no visible lag for graphics, the cutscenes sometimes lagged so that the video couldnt keep up with the audio, but it wasnt bad, mostly unoticeable. Id say its good and if it isnt, then get GeForce Experience and update your driver I guess.Ok, Im just up to the part where Bayek or whatever his name is gets the hidden blade, so I havent actually experienced gameplay beyond that. I can say that Im very happy with the gameplay.The combat is epic and much more complex than it used to be, but not absurdly hard. You can shield, counter, dodge, do quick attacks, powerful attacks, poison, burn, charge. I still havent fully mastered it, but Im not dying at every equal level encounter. Stealth is little less focused on than in the previous games. Horse combat is fun as well. The couch mode from Syndicate is still there so yay.Parkour/Freerunning is as good as ever. Frerunning down keeps making me crouch by accident though haha. Also, using custom controls is a chore, but the original controls sometimes make my language on my language bar switch languages to Chinese when I try to freerun up while shielding  Then it jumps out of the game lol, which causes it to freeze when it happens too much. But thats because I have a Chinese language setting so it shouldnt happen for most.Open world exploring and RPG elements are very nice. Open world is as open as it gets. The map is massive, I love the looting and collecting/upgrading of gear. Slightly annoyed because its hard to make money to upgrade my legendary gear from the Gold Edition, haha. I was a little annoyed at the inaccuracy of the worth of money in Syndicate and Rogue and stuff but thats probably just me and am very happy that I have no idea how much Drachmas or whatever theyre called are worth. I love the freedom of choice given in sidequests.Senu is fun, but I kinda prefer the minimap and overpowerd eagle vision from before, especially since it ties into the plot with the whole inherited from the ancients thing. Tracking is convinient with Senu and taking her for a fly is fun, but the eagle vision of previous games is just so closely tied with the franchise that I feel weird without it. But some of you might prefer it. Not having a minimap is just sad, since theres meant to be more RPG elements. I can never tell which way enemies are facing and end up walking right into their sight . No stealth for me, it seems.I also kinda miss the animus database, but the discovery tour makes up for that.Im honestly not very far in, so I cant comment too much on this, but Ive already found some plot holes. First is the Eagle Vision from Ancients thing. They take that away and that makes me sad. Second, Bayeks hidden blade doesnt take off his ring finger which ??? Didnt Altair have to modify that thing to make it so that it wouldnt require the sacrifice of your ring finger? How did Bayek get a modified version? Last but not least, Cleopatra. Havent actually met her and correct me if Im wrong but... In AC2 under the mansion, there were a bunch of statues, one of which was some egyption girl whos description said killed the templar Cleopatra with a snake. Uh, it doesnt seem like thats what the game is leading up to!!! Also, are there even templars yet? I might be misremembering though, so dont take my word for it. Its been a while since Ive played AC2, and I havent read any reviews on the plot to confirm it. And Ubisoft did so well on the plot continuity for the past few games, too... I really liked how 3, Black Flag, Unity and Rogue flowed together. As well as 1, 2, Brotherhood and Revelations, so this is a but disappointing. But thats what happens when you make a prequel, I guess. Of course, make sure to check that my words arent utter nonesense because I havent gotten very far and I havent fact checked myself.I am actually enjoying the plot despite my little pet peeves. Its interesting to see the places Bayek goes and the way he interacts with others. Theres also just so much to explore. I still get a little confused at times, probably because I havent seen the discovery tour didnt know there was one until today. I also keep forgetting to turn on subtitles haha.Okay, I know I said I enjoyed the gameplay before, but there is one part of Origins that I mourn over. The idea of the assassin is dying. It was a little bit there in Rogue and Black Flag, more apparent in Syndicate and pretty damn absurd in Origins. Dont get me wrong, I DO enjoy the gameplay and the RPG elements, but I have to admit that this conflicts with my sadness at how the RPG elements are killing the idea of the assassin.One of the biggest disappointments of the early gameplay was headshotting a lion with far more levels than me and realizing it only got rid of less than 5 of its health. One of the biggest characteristics of AC is that everyone is mortal. This might be a little subverted by the fact that you as the MC wont die when taking a nasty hit only desync at most or show any fatigue when losing health but, cmon, its a game, and you ARE the MC, but everyone else was mortal. Like in syndicate, if they got shot in the head, they would die. Even against powerful enemies, they werent nigh immortal to you with their higher levels. Yes, assassination is still there, but the idea that no one is invincible unless you have a cheat tool like the apple of eden is overthrown by the levels in the game. You cant headshot assassinate ppl much stronger than you and that would make sense if you were a starving, dying frail person. But youre not. Youre Bayek, youre an assassin and you are powerful. But those lions and vultures and people with much higher levels than you arent just powerful. Unless you sneak up on them and use your hidden blade theyre like gods to you which I dont think you can do for lions and stuff. As Ive mentioned, this game is much less focused on stealth. While this gives you much more options, it also means that as soon as youre in combat with a much higher level enemy, they are nigh invincible. And that makes me sad. This is understable for, say, ships, but the point of the assassin is that no one is that powerful. No one should have the ability to rule over everyone else and keep them under their control. I wouldnt be as disappointed if it werent for how absurd the difference in strengths isRan outta space . Im disappointed, but it doesnt stop me from enjoying the game. Since this is a personal opinion on what Assassins Creed should be like, I would still heavily recommend this game. Some of you might enjoy the change, after all. Ill give it a 7.5/10. Please tell me if Ive gotten anything wrong! 