OK, Im actually in the middle of playing and I had to come post a review.Ill do a quick pro/con, and then WHY I felt the need to write a review right away.PROSThe graphics...are...AMAZING. I was actually moved a little watching the sun and godrays rise up above the windswept dunes just to the south of Siwa. This is one of those games that makes you truly understand just how far graphics quality has come over the last decade and a half.The combat system is new and sometimes frustrating, but only because you really have to develop the skills to manipulate and time it well compared to the relative easy mastery of the other games. No more invincible assassin, but the new challenge is invigorating and interesting. Also, its not terrible, like Unity.The world map so far is wonderfully interactive and exploration is rewarding and fun. As has been stated before, there are still plenty of points of interest and enjoyment, but not the wild icon spam seen in past games.The main character, Bayek, has a deeply interesting personality and a far more genuine personal story than some of the previous assassins weve come across. He harkens back to the depth of feeling and humanity we saw in both Ezio and Edward Kenway.CONSThere are a few pathing issues with some of the AI, and when you need to follow someone they will occassionally get stuck on a wall or something. I found the issue to be correctable with a good ramming with my camel. Also, AI will be reported as being in one place when tracked by Senu, then suddely shoot 300 feet in another direction and stay there.AUDIO ISSUES. By far the only truly annoying con so far. Certain aspects of the audio cut out completely when used with my LOGITECH audio equipment on 5.1 surround. Cant hear character footsteps, dialogue Good thing I had subs enabled when I started it water or ambient noises. COULD hear combat noises, character white noise when he grunts while climbing etc. and loot noises. SELECT dialogue would come through. Fine when used with my plugin speakers, only affected headset.CPU usage is VERY high. I have an Intel 4790k at 3.6 with an overclock to 4.1 with a Corsair H105 closedloop liquid cooling system. Still running at 7580 nonstop. Kinda nuts. Shouldnt be seeing quite so much CPU usage when I am running a GTX 1080 TI with 11Gb of memory and 32 Gb of RAM, I feel. But the game runs smooth at 7590 frames per second on 4K with a 160hz refresh rate, so Im not really complaining.OK, to the meat of why I was SO EAGER to recommend this gameIts as simple as thisGot a poison weapon.Ran to the middle of the street.Hacked down some soldiers guarding a transport of Iron.REALLLLY busy street, lots of people.Some of the soldiers get poisoned.Put bodies in a neat circle in the middle of the street. Because morbid picturesThe local citizenry start walking over the bodies and getting sick.Suddenly, sickness is everywhere.Foot traffic begins puking and dying by the dozens.More poisoning happens.Farmers and marketeers closest to the road are dropping like flies.Vomit everywhere.10 minutes later, easily over 150 bodies all up and down the road.MFW its spreading like a highly virulent disease.MFW I started the bubonic plague on a street in Siwa.Get the World Health Organization in here because people are STILL dying all around me, its spread all along the road and it keeps getting worse. Bodies have dissapeared and people are still sick and dying and making more bodies.11/10 would poison the entire highway again. 