For the first couple of hours I thought it was a great game. After twenty five I thought it was a bogus piece of garbage. Now Im at 80 hours, I think its one of the best games Ive ever played and I only just finished act II. The game really opens up during the second act. I think theres five acts total and so far it just gets better and better.The screenshot feature is the greatest thing ever made. If you dont like to take screenshots it works great as a free cam so you can get a good look at whatever catches your eye. That should be a standard feature in every game from now.My computer is kind of old. I have an i5, a gtx970 and 8 gb of RAM. I have the settings maxed out and I get 60 fps in most places. 50 or 45 in the really busy places like Alexandria. Just lucky, I guess.They dropped the old tropes from recent Ubisoft games. No more gold flashing bodies or containers, and you can turn wall hacking off. They also replaced that horrible Eagle vision with something way less horrible. Most things you dont like can be disabled in the HUD options.The movement, on foot and on horseback is incredibly responsive for a series not known for that. Maybe the best movement in any game Ive ever played. Also, most interactions are a button press instead of a button hold. The difference on a gamers sanity there is huge. You can also loot from horseback.It takes some getting used to, but the hand to hand combat isnt nearly as bad as it seems at first. The ranged combat is fantastic. Horse combat is exciting and effective, if kind of simple. Bummer they dont let you joust with spears.The world is incredibly detailed. Its not immediately apparent how much life is in the game but as you open more of the map it becomes so. That the game is gorgeous thats immediately apparent.I didnt see my first cobra until about 20 hours into the game. Theres stuff in this game and they dont hit you over the head with it. You have to go find it instead. Past Ubisoft and most companies, really games would be like LOOK WE MADE A COBRA and make sure you see it in the first hour, then inundate you with it throughout the game.You basically play as Dark Cloud. When they cut and paste this game for next year they should try Manchurian China.ITS NOT ALL GOODThe English dialogue is an immersion and authenticity killer. Plus they all sound like foriegners in their own land. The game needs an arabic or egyptian language file even if its not time period accurate. It would still be better than what they did.The time stop feature every time you get detected only serves to interrupt the flow of an otherwise fluid game and create frustration. I dont see a way to get rid of it. I hate that.The nights are too light and have an ugly color pallette.You seem to be limited to sword and shield in the arena but your opponents arent. I havent seen the second arena so I could be wrong about that, but if they did it in the first one they probably did it in any others too.The ship to ship combat is tack on and seriously detracts from the quality of the game.The modern day sequences are nonsensical and tack on.FINAL VERDICTNo game is perfect. This one has good that outweighs its bad 10 to 1. It has way better controls but I still think Unity is the best AC game.