You can play with cats and theyll start following you, meowing like crazy. This is the reason why you should buy this game.Jokes aside, Origins was developed by the same team responsible for Black Flag. Origins is so polished and its world so stunningly beautiful and wellcrafted I almost cant believe its a Ubisoft game. Its exactly what I would expect from other studios/developers like Rockstar, CDPR, Guerrilla Games etc., which is a remarkable achievement for Ubisoft.Despite all the good reviews this game is getting I was really on the fence about buying it. I finally decided to when it went on sale on December and I will tell you the reason why I cant stop playing it ever since.Egypt is so alive and believable! Every single corner of the map you can see how much effort the development team has put into this game. The world is incredibly detailed and alive, there are so much small details that youll only notice if youre really paying attention.Youll see people working, wandering, talking, singing, playing instruments. At night, the usual work fields will be empty, but if you wait there till the morning people will arrive to work, NPCs have day/night shifts and youll be able to follow and watch them going to sleep creepy yeah. The same happens to enemies, depending on how important the area theyre protecting is, youll see a soldier going to sleep and another one waking up to replace him.When youre out in the wild hunting for resources to upgrade your gear, youll notice how alive the animal AI is The same species play and fight with each other, hunt and run from their predators, and they also sleep, turning into easy targets. I could sincerely describe other details for hours, but my point is, such an amazingly crafted world is extremely important for replayability. Its hard to get bored of this game because of this, it feels like youre not there alone, the AI is convincing which helps you being immersed in this world.This game is almost a looter. It doesnt take it too much serious on this regard but it certainly is when compared to the previous installments. Its also level based.You have Ranged weapons like Bows. There is the Predator bow, which is great for head shot damage but easy to miss and slow to reload, Light Bow that are extremely fast to shot but does small damage Jesus this one sounds so good I feel like a badass when I use it, the Warrior Bow thats basically a shotgun and the Hunter Bow that is a middleclass of them all. For the Melee you have Swords, Sickle, Dual, Heavy, Spears, all of those extremely different from each other. I personally like to use Spears for enemies with higher level than me  a Shield, making it harder for them to hit me whilst Im attacking from afar. For enemies with the same or lower levels than me I use the Dual with is really fast and low damage, you cant use the shield but youre a lot quicker.The point it, this game can suit a lot of different playstyles and if youre bored with just one you cant change you gear and the game will feel different. Its really well balanced but you really feel like a badass while killing a higher enemy with a goddam mattock.There are a lot of perks that you can unlock with points from leveling up which will make you feel even more powerful, but the good thing youll still be challenged Its not so easy like the previous games. The story so far is good. Its not great, but good. Its once again about revenge, but at least this time around they make you actually care about what motivates the main character to search for revenge. The reason why he is on a killing spree with his wife is believable and well written. I cant really tell much about it since I havent finished it but its in my opinion on a par with Ezios trilogy.The sidequests are amazing! Theyre exceptionally well made, I dare to say that sometimes they can be compared to the quality of The Witcher 3s sidequests! Its not the usual boring stuff that Ubisoft throw in their games just for filler content. Some sidequests really surprised me with twists, great sidecharacters. Usually theyll also reward you greatly, too.Its acceptable. Im running on a i7 6700k 4.6 and a GTX 970 on 1080p with a mix of High to Ultra High options. I couldnt hit a locked 60fps regardless of the preset so I locked it to 50fps using MSI Afterburner and I rarely notice it going below 50.This is one of the best open world games released on 2017 and its right there with Horizon Zero Dawn, Breath of the Wild and Nier Automata. 