This is definately Game of The Year.Cool things to note about the gameThe game takes place around the Ptolemaic era of Egypt. To these Egyptians, the Egyptians who built the pyramids were as old as the Romans are to us today!Each villager has a life and follows a daily schedule similar to Skyrim. Using your eagle, you can see what theyre up to shopping, walking, talking, sleeping, etc.They completely revamped the combat system making it difficult and thereby unpreferable to get into conflict which makes sense as you are an assassin and not a knight.The ingame map is HUGE.THEY ACTUALLY BROUGHT BACK THE ASSASSINATION PLANNING FEATURE FROM 2007! Now you can wait until night time to sneak up and kill your target or you can do it in broad daylight. Depending on the time of day, certain NPCs will be awake/doing certain tasks that may hinder or help your goal. Night time isnt always the best time to assassinate someone. Its a lot more indepth than the original ACs planning workflow.What I didnt likeThe music didnt match up to the situation at times.I didnt experience it, but some say the game crashes sometimes.The camels run weird.Assassins Creed came out in 2007 and lost its substance around 2014. This is a great 10th anniversary gift from Ubisoft. They have successfully brought life back into their franchise. I was afraid itd die as the old style of their games were getting stale. This title is amazing.A lot of people are looking at it as an Assassins Creed game but I see it as a completely different game. It plays and it FEELS 100 different from a game like Assassins Creed Syndicate. This one feels like The Witcher 3 and Dark Souls had a kid. Side quests are meaningful, peoples lives are meaningful, the way you approach an assassination is meaningful.All in all, the game gets a 10/10 from me. I did NOT expect such a refined/unique gaming experience. There is no other game out there like this one. Trust me, you may be expecting a grind fest or a dumb collectible simulator like the old AC games, but they completely revamped the game so its not like that anymore. Every quest has meaning now. There are no missions where someone says could you kill 15 pigeons to grab their feathers?There are funny moments, serious moments, sad moments, etc. I love the protagonist and I believe this is one of the first protagonists weve played where you are already a father. The protagonist may seem a bit stale at first, but youll soon realize its because of what happened to him previously. Hes not as dull as Jacob and Evie from Syndicate.Many compare this game to Black Flag and I must agree. Very much in the same way that Black Flag was more a pirate game than an Assassination game, this one is more of an assassination game. At almost all times, you will prefer to silently kill everyone than go in killing welltrained and wellarmed guards. This one feels more like a fighting game with all its combos.Storywise the game is golden. Its about as complex as Ezios story.It was worth every dollar at full price. I cant wait for their next rendition!