I would say ignore the negative reviews for this game. I played and streamed this game on a 5 year old AMD FX8320 and 1070, and while the game had some fps dip issues for a few seconds at most and then was fine later, the whole game was completely playable and smooth looking.The game itself was fun to play. Bayek was a good character, something that was missing from the series for quite a while since most of the previous characters werent serious about their roll in the Assassins and were just there. His story is more of an internal journey than the typical Im an assassin, its my duty to fight templars.Gameplay wise, its a a lot different than the others. It sort of expands on Syndicates leveling system where if youre not in the right level range, you will be killed quickly and do very little damage to enemies. The loot system is pretty underwhelming, since for the majority of the game, youre most likely going to be using the same weapons you get early game and just upgrade them later to your level since you can pay black smiths to do that.There doesnt seem to be much stealth aspect in this. You can still play it like an Assassins Creed and bush camp kills or sneak around, but with the open world, there hardly seems to be any stealth routes you can take like in the older games. You can also throw stealth out the window and just run into places killing everybody since its entirely possible to do that now with very little consequences.The combat is fair enough. Like I said previously, if youre not within level range with enemies, you will die quickly by them. The majority of combat is mainly hack and slash with the chance to dodge or parry at the once in a great while moments. You can compare it to Breath of the Wild if need be.The world is very large, and with that, is very disappointing in some places. There are zones on the map where its just nothing but sand and rocks with no landmarks. Its disappointing since so much can be put into these areas, but theres hardly nothing. Dont worry about that, though, since the content that is in game makes up for it, such as the tombs in Giza or the side quests. Speaking of side quests, it appears that each zone has its own sub story for its area rather than a generic fetch/kill quest.The leveling system is not really my favourite thing about the game. This is just me, but Im not really the one who likes being forced to grind in order to do the main story. It may just be that they dont want people to go quickly through the main story or not, but there have been moments where I would spend 34 hours a day discovering/completing locations or doing side quests because there was a 35 level jump between main quest missions.In all, I believe this game was great and one of the better Assassins Creed story and character yet. While Im indifferent about Black Flag, this game reminds me much about it Its also made by the same team who did Black Flag, so thats probably why, mainly because it feels like a different game with a little Assassins Creed elements put into it and got called Assassins Creed.