Ok so I was going to wait until I finished the game for a reveiw but this game is so freaking long. Unfortunately I have a job so Im not able to play it as much as I would like but in any case I have a played a good amount and feel I can give an honest view point. So lets begin.Holy mother of crap this game is utterly gorgeous! It rivals The Witcher 3 even, except not in performance, which well get to. But honestly as far as the graphics go it is fantastic to explore and I have spent a lot of time just looking at it. The detail is insane and it feels pretty authentic scale wise. I love ancient history and this is one of my favorite time periods so seeing it brought to life so beautifully is a real a treat. Tombs are cool, lush areas, big open deserts, lively cities, and a fantastic looking sky box. Another thing is the water. If the The Withcer 3 is considered jokingly the candle light simulator than AC Origins is Water simulator 2017. Never seen better water graphics/physics in my life. Over all really good looking and great fun to explore.Ok so here is the unfortunate problem everyone is dealing with. Performance is pretty bad. I have played 68 hours so far and I havent had a single crash, so I guess that is something but hitting a stable 60 fps is impossible. I have an i7 3770K processor, GTX 980 ti, 16 GB of RAM, and running on Windows 7 with a 1080p tv and it struggles even though I am above recommended specs. The only way I have hit 60 fps is way out in the desert where there is barely anything to process. Cutscenes are really choppy and stuttering is getting annoying. I have found a decent work around though. After patch 1.03 I decided to cap my frame rate at 45 fps. Now it runs perfectly and this allows me to put the graphics on max settings while still being able to get something smoother than 30 fps. Also my CPU nor my GPU will ever hit 100 usage this way no matter where Im at so it is a good compramise I suppose. I truly believe all the stupid DRM is the issue so hopefully that will be removed but until then this is a solid work around and is playable.Ok next is game play. Gameplay is not too bad. Climbing is smooth and accurate. Shooting your bow feels pretty good and animations arent bad. My one big hangup is the combat. I dont hate it but I dont really care for it either. Its really good for an RPG but bad as an Assassins Creed game. I miss the old styalized combat. They sacrifice epic style for challenge and strategy. There just arent very many finishing moves and you only get to do a finishing move on the very last guy in a group and it only works half the time anyway. So you could take on 20 guys but only witness one epic looking kill. I also feel this game could benefit from a counter button. Focusing on one guy at a time is frustrating when archers and others try to sneak up on you. Dont even get me started on the guys who constantly throw smoke bombs at you. If you could counter them for just a second and then go back to the one guy you were focusing on that would be great but no such option is given. Also the hidden blade is very disappointing. You cant fight with it and it is used for stealth only and there is only one animation kill that is used over and over again every time you use it so stealth can get boring and repetative. But its more challenging this way and blah blah blah I dont really care for challenge I hate Dark Souls so I was a little worried when I saw the combat but was relieved when I saw a difficulty setting. Thats fine if you want a challenge I just wish they could have made it more styalized. Overall though I usually avoid RPGs because combat is always dull, tedious, and boring but in this case the combat is just good enough to keep my interest and keep me going. I just feel a lot of improvements could be made. Also the microtransactions are bullh!t and are way too expensive.Story is good so far, Im about 75 done or so. Side quests are actually decent and have cutscenes and everything. They give a little more to the main story as a whole much like The Witcher 3. That game definitely had influence on this one. Bayek is also an awesome character. No one will ever top Ezio but Bayek is a close second and is much better than previous titles. no one can be worse than conner, lol Over all story seems good and you get to meet a lot of ancient historical figures and it makes the setting that much better.Overall this is a decent game that is fun enough and interesting enough to see it through to the end, and it is a long one. Great setting, awesome graphics, good characters, decent enough combat and overall a fun time8/10