Once again writing my review in a separate program cause steam doesnt add a spell check to their program.My review will be much like the previous one on Assassins Creed Origins, and it remains that I cant recommend the game but Ive finished the story mode this time around. Having a much better sense of the game, its as the Devs said, this is a RPG where you are Bayek who overall makes a good character to play has and has a decent yet shallow and underdeveloped personalty and reason behind his goals.Typical of Assassins Creed, the story is that of revenge and Bayek being melodramatic over the death of his sonfor those of you who have yet to play the game, there are spoilers in this review, not that the story ever had enough depth to it to have any quality to the main story.Even the villains are place holders, no real story or quality behind them, seem the most historically accurate thing in this story are that of Cleopatra and Caesar. Glossed over as they are, they could have been a great part but thepoor attempt to tell a story in ACO shows just how weak the Assassins Creed series has gotten. Black Flag probably being the series high point.Yes, its a good RPG, and yes the graphics are great, and most of the side missions are far better than that of the main story which gained the shoehorned of social justice with the inclusion of Aya who ended the story and being the strong female lead that social justice reards want. ACO makes it sounds like Aya made the Assassins Creed, rather than Bayek who we played most of the time.Coming to a few inconsistency we have the final two boss fights with the Lion and the Jackal. Both fights hindering you as a player rather then being a challenge like in the previous installments We have the Lion who holds the Apple of Edenits only called the sphere in gameand he is constantly teleporting around you while youre half drunkor acting half drunk. Yah, bunch of dodging to the point of annoyance. Thats not a fight.Then we have the Jackal, and instead of Bayek, we have to play as Aya, using weapons were unfamiliar with. More dodging again to the point of annoyance. So rather than having boss fights that are challenging or pure assassination you are pit against them, a straight up brawl.Digressing back to the whole origins part of the story, why not do as they did with Ezio, show us Bayek from when he started as a Medjay to present, to how they found out about the orderthe future Templarsand so on. That would have been a better story, or at least a good lead into where the story actually begins.How is he good at parkour, weapon usage and so on, how did he get the same scar over his lip that Ezio had, and apparently Desmond in the future, and everyone that follows, Edward, Connor? We saw Ezio get the scar, so anyone before him shouldnt have it, I guess I can understand those after having it...but thats speculative.Story consistences in the series is probably the worst from any series I have seen. Great premise, sit story. Anyhow, I dont suggest the game unless youre a fan of the series. Its an RPG and has many SJW reardation elements within. Enjoy it at your own cost. I know I didnt besides the RPG elements.