Negativescamera to close to bayek during combattoo many enemies have bows that shoot from unseen directionsmounted combat like in all games suckssingle player game with microtransactions! vomitPositivesvaried weaponsfast paced combatgood main and side missionsno bugs so far big improvementNeutralno jump buttonweapon tier list uninspiredrpg sytem for swords contrasts with upgrade system for armorthe music isnt going to win any awardsHonestly the best one since black flag. I give a 80 / 100.Very early in the game, but I grateful they took a year off though it could have used another six monthes to polish the comabt more. I cannot help but compare the combat to the witcher because it feels very similar. It plays out like this for me, go guns blazing in, dodge melee, hit by an unseen arrow, swing sword, maybe dodge a melee, die to second arrow. Granted I play on hard mode, but there is nothing fun if you die something you didnt see. This happens because the camera feels claustrophobic, ie the camera is too close to bayek. If you compare to the witcher, geralt takes up maybe 10 of the screen while bayek takes 2025 and worse yet it is a very forward looking, while the witcher is a diagonal look. That is a big no no for me. Very aggravivating and unchallenging. The fact that half the enemies in the combat have bows only compounds the issue.The combat does some good things too. It is face paced with more weapon types. Two big pluses over the witcher. Since you only have one special move there isnt that pausing of the game to change signs like in the witcher. Less about combat, but the missions are more meaningful to the last games.Just some nit picking things. The game retains the previous crafting scheme for armor, ie you need 4 leather to upgrade vest. So while you have an rpg style loot system for swords and bows it contrasts to the upgrade system for armor and hidden blade. The difference between a legendary and a common sword is negligible at best they dont feel powerful. There isnt a jump button, you have parkour button, but fortunately the game is at least smart enough to jump from rooftop to rooftop unlike syndicate.