Read Edit at bottomAt the current moment in time Only about 4 hours of gameplay so far I can definitely recommend this game to AC fans and new timers. Origins combines and ommits the best and worst parts of the past series mishaps to come up with a surprisingly refreshing and unified RPG experience that is truly its own. Origins plays a lot more like Dark Souls than any other AC because hit detection on enemies is now much more solid and less about snapping on to an enemy for a 15 hit combo animation.Combat is rewarding in so many ways now with actual impactful hits and misses that make each fight feel so very unique and rewarding. This is the beginning guys. AC is becoming good again.Theyve done away with the streamlining.I repeat.Theyve done away with the streamlining. Nabigation no longer requires to hold down the trigger or left mouse to get anywherenow you simply press a or space to climb any and all objects, no issue or drag. This is one of my favorite additions about Origins. No longer are you reduced to the stress of holding down a single button an hour long experience turning into a strain on your hands and fingers. The controls allow for a smoother and more detailed experience that you can really be proud of.You did read that right for RPG elements. There are dozens and dozens of swords, maces, spears, bows, daggers, and tons more weapon types and armor upgrades. Crafting system actulaly means something now with an animal hunting mechanic similar to Far Cry 4. You level up you character now multiple times for what I assumed was over 50 to 60 different upgrades and such.Its got depth man.The story revolves around this guy named Bayek, a medjay. Medjays are similar to assassins only theres only one of them for every city I believe. I wont spoil the story or anything but I will say that it feels like these guys are the precursors to the assassins. Even before Altair.As you can imagine, I feel extremely giddy about what Ive been seeing. Its mystical and intriguing, and at the same time not desperately in your face about it with chests or button sequences. It feels suspenseful, much in the same way I felt at the end of AC 1 with Altair seeing the apple of eden.It really grips me. I hope it grips you too!4 hours in and I havent left the first city yet. Im getting used to the lay of the land and what it feel slike to be an assassin in ancient egypt.And thats just the first 4 hours of what Ive played so far. Will update when game is finished, but I definitely reccomend it!Edit Alright so after some further gameplay Ive foun a ridiculous 100 percent cpu usage that is most definitley tied to 24 different forms of drm for this game. Denuvo, VM Protec, Steam and of course Uplay. At this current point in time I urge you to stay away from this game until Ubisoft gains the integrity to be honest about their desparate business practices that only end up punishing customers and convinving them to not purchase their games.I will continue to keep playing because as mentioned, this cpu usage does not tank performance at all which leads me to believe the game is well optomized but the extra drm thing makes it stressful and not a comfortable experience since it doesnt allow me to run browsers in the background without the show studdering. I enjoy the game a whole lot though and will continue playing. Will update or reccomend when they decide to be honest about it. Until then, stay away.