you Excuse me, do you know where I can find another good Assassins Creed title?Ubisoft Sure do! pumps shotgun BACK THE WAY YOU CAME.Story  I could not care. I just could not care. Im sorry, the tragedy story is tragic and everything, but I could not care.So yeah, remember how everyone fell in love with the Ezio trilogy? There was so much to care about, like his love interests, his character, his personality, the flirt that he was with the ladies, and the fact that he used his time at the brothels to learn French... there was so much to care about Ezio, and it gave us a reason to care about him as a person, starting from his tragedy with his family all the way to Embers. Take all of that magic, all that personality, the memorable characters, the soundtracks, and everything else... and just toss that out the window.Yeah, just... tear up those memories and just burn them, cuz you wont need them here. The story just DRAGS ON FOREVER. Jesus. Like, the beginning was tragic and everything, but after 50 cutscenes of just him doing assassinlike things while not exactly being an assassin yet made the pacing akin to molasses, and I only stuck through with it thus far just to see what would happen, as Im a diehard Assassins Creed fan. Ive been there for all of the stories, even Liberation and Rogue, which are spin offs, if anything. Even that made it hard for me to stick through this, and crawl through the sludge that is AC Origins. Ughh.Everything feels shoehorned in, like the explanation for the ring finger ritual that the Assassins later on performed during Altairs time, and other nonsense. There was one side quest where an NPC mentions the Nothing is true, Everything is permitted quote, but it felt like more of an easter egg than an explanation of anything.Almost nothing drove the story forward. There was almost NO momentum. It was just Cleopatra telling me to go kill people, and I went and killed people.There was one story that I cared about, and it involved a little girl. ONE. Out of the entire game, ONE STORY MOVED ME to go do things. ONE.The rest of the story kinda  just drags on and on and on and on and on FOREEEEEEVVVVEEEERRRRRR.Also, you would think that since the romance in Unity was a flop, that theyd fix it in Origins. No. I dont know why Bayek was in love with Aya, and I ultimately didnt care at some points. I read the book that was associated with AC Unity, and there, I found the reasons and motivations of why Arno and Elise were in love. That  was cut out of Unity, and it felt like a formatted cut version of the book, so I thought Id see it be made better in Origins. LOL NO.No.Combat/Stealth  The combat was ATROCIOUS. AING. TROCIOUS.Ubisoft is the company behind Splinter Cell Blacklist, so I know damn well that they damn well know how to make a proper stealth vs assault branching skill tree that encourages either gameplay. YOU WOULD THINK that stealth gameplay encourages STEALTH equipment and STEALTH exp to level up STEALTH skills to encourage more STEALTH gameplay.Nope.Sure, you can use your UAV bird to go track all the enemies, and scan the area, and plan your attack, and surgically take down one enemy at a time for the bonus exp... or you can just rush the base, and just kill everyone and complete the objective in like, 2 seconds because the bonus exp is almost negligible. Like, long term, you would probably get more exp out of just rushing everything than you would with precision stealth kills.The combat is atrocious, too, however, did I mention that? So since they made the combat style in Unity and Syndicate a certain way, you would think they could only build upon it or make it better, right? Yeah, no,  that, thatd be too ing easy, ya wads. I cant tell you how many times I got ststomped by enemies just because you cant interrupt moves to counter, or because the counter didnt work consecutively. You cant counter like, 3 people in the same 2 seconds like you could in Unity There were also other times where the environment would get in the way, or other random st happened... I swear to god, I was playing Dark Souls at some point, and not Assassins Creed. AND EVEN THEN, Dark Souls gave you actual invincibility frames for dodging, SO YOU WOULD THINK that you would get enough to evade attacks in here. NOPE.Also, fire. FIRE IS SO fking broken. Fire to you will fk your life sideways. Fire to the enemy will do ABSOLUTELY NOTHING. Theyll be ticklestunned for like, a few seconds before they go back to slapping you in the face with a hammer.Too long, didnt read  Story was boring. Soundtrack was boring. Egypt was boring. Characters were boring. No magic to be found here.Nerf fire. For the love of god, nerf fire pls.