This game is quite good and a general improvement on pretty much everything in Assassins Creed, so Im going to make my review pretty much entirely nitpicks. Some of the animations can get a bit wonky, with some pretty bad clipping in some cases when youre climbing rocks and such. Its weird how Bayeks  hairdo and beard at the start of the game dont integrate with his hood or mask depending on the outfit at all when you put the hood up on your outfit, it looks exactly the way it does when you eventually get your head shaved. I hate how Bayek can equip two bows and those two bows are visible on his body, but you cant have a spear equipped and still see your secondary sword on your waste at the same time. Having two bows on looks dumb as hell and is ridiculously impractical, while having a sword and spear is fitting, practical, and cool looking. While I like the leveling system in general, and Im ok with enemies being pretty much impossible to kill if theyre too high of a level, the gap between your strengths ramps up a bit too quickly in my opinion. An enemy that is one level higher than you is WAY stronger than an enemy thats your level, an enemy that is two levels above you can kill you in two hits but takes dozens of hits to go down, an enemy thats 3 levels higher than you are pretty ridiculous, and anything above that is impossible to fight. I feel like they couldve made it a bit less abrupt. The game isnt fantastically optimized, although I wont go into too much detail since tons of people are already goingandabout it. There are microtransactions, although I actually didnt even realize they were in the game until one of the little tips in a loading screen told me about it a few hours into the game so its not exactly disruptiveThats all I got so far, I might add more as I continue through the game if I feel like iteditI just remembered, I hate the spears. Theyre perfectly fine weapons to use, but its the way you use them that triggers the hell out of me. For the light attack youre doing these huge baseball swings, and you only stab on the heavy attack. What the ? Its hilarious because they have to slow the stab downmuch to justify it being considered a heavy attack, its ridiculous The chariot races are terrible