Finally! An AC with a difficulty option! I remember enjoying the challenge of the very first game, but every game since has gotten progressively easier due to the mainstream crowd. In most of the AC games you didnt have to sneak at all except for the bad instant game over if they see you missions. All you had to do was run into the middle of everybody and start mashing counter, or worse yet stand on a roof and point at people as your crew does everything for you.All that is gone now. Just you, sometimes some npcs tag along for a mission but you can still maintain stealth even while they are in combat. YES! Havent encountered any other stealth game that allows this.Now you can slap this bad boy on Nightmare and actually be motivated to hide. If you get seen though? Go loud throwing bombs or even lead them on a deadly wild goose chase! No more instant fail t!ProsSetting is amazing. The art and world they have made is gorgeous. This is the best part of the Assassins creed series, feeling immersed in a different time and place, living the history. They nail it again.The water. Wow.... Just wow....The skill trees offer a meaningful choice of archery/sneaking vs Melee with tools and support skills as a support tree. I kept wanting to level up or get more points so I could get that edge.Archery is awesome. The 4 different bow types surprised me and offers players an actual choice of bows for once. The sniping Predator bow is my favourite. In the right hands it can clear a camp full of guys from around corners.ConsCharacters felt lacking for me in this game. The main two protagonists are great, but theres too many characters with too little development in my opinion. Sometimes bad things happen to your friends and I had a hard time caring as they had mere seconds of screen time before dying or suffering.Gladiator fights Forces you to use sword and board. Opponents use a bow, Your ally uses a bow, why the hell cant I?Goddamn loot boxes and microtransactions GODDAMNIT why!? Yes you can play without them but their mere existance affects balancing choices the devs make. I dont want to grind in a single player game, but theres no WAY Im handing over cash to buy some materials.off.Overall Im really enjoying this game and highly recommend it if you like AC or stealth games.