 Aweinspiring and beautiful artistic design impressively rendered with ridiculously far render distance. Egypt is gorgeously realized and a constant treat to explore and behold. The score is a very cool mix of appropriately Egyptianinspired instrumentals, NPCs singing songs in the streets and fields, and the occasional contrasting trancytecho that emphasizes Egypts mystery, beauty, and diversity. More than most games, its incredibly easy and simply fun to get lost in this game. Youll find yourself weaving in and out of taking out assassination targets for the story, completing hundreds of side quests complete with arcs, cutscenes, voiceacting, and varied gameplay, raiding enemy forts for loot, exploring hidden tombs and solving lite puzzles, and on and on. This game keeps giving and giving, and Im almost 70 hours in at this point with still plenty to do. The writing is fresh, the plot is simple and story is mercifully not full of itself. Bayek is, in my opinion, the most likeable and relatable character in any Assassins Creed game thus far Ezio included. Hes strongwilled, charasmatic, and full of heart. Through Bayek, youll experience the birth of more than just the Creed as we knew it... only be sure to keep an open mind, because it doesnt go down the way youd expect. The details in this game are honestly mindblowing this is true for gameplay nuances, worldbuilding, story points, etc. This is a game you should NOT rush through, because youll be doing it and yourself a disservice. Comparing this game to its predecessors is night and day this game shines where all others fell apart, and is just a great time throughandthrough. Its never been more obvious that the involved dev studios listened to the feedback fans and otherwise have been throwing Ubisofts way over the past few years. I have two complaints, and theyre incredibly minor in the grand scheme of things The HUD lacks the level of customization previous installments offered, which effectively forces all players to be exposed to elements of the HUD intended for younger or more casual players in the name of accessibility that more experienced players will find annoying. The aggressive antipiracy measures on this game take a pretty large toll on CPUs, which is a huge bummer. Its a silly practice that only hurts people that paid for the game, because frankly pirates will always find a way to crack the game and bypass the DRM, at which point they are receiving a better expierence for free. Do not miss out on this game. HUD and DRM issues aside, this is absolutely worth every penny and will easily keep you entertained for at least 100 hours. Im a long time fan, and over time Ive become harsh on the series because I care this game has farandaway exceeded my expectations and I cannot wait to get more of this game and its direct sequels. Heartfelt thanks to the teams behind this installment, because you obviously bled for this game.