Builds up on everything that made Witcher 3 a great game. This is a true open world game, in which your game is actually open for you to tackle the problems in diffrent ways including some sandboxish physix that encourage you to experiment.The world is the biggest world in any video game. It is fair to say that part of it is useless desert but even the useful part of the map is bigger than Witcher 3, and more diverse. The game is extremely beautiful and ancient Egypt is a pleasure to explore and its misteries to uncover. You really feel like a tourist and after finishing it I feel like I explored all of Egypt.The horse is responsive, the climbing and parkouring is natural and fluid. You can also climb any terrain now, and the horse can jump extremely large distances, cross mediumdepth waters and even jump into canyons.The combat si extremely thoughtful. It isnt necessarely difficult along the game but if you really want a challenge you can visit the gladiator colloseum or elephant events. Not only the combat is good and diverse with plenty of enemy types but the horse combat is super cool as well, being able to rotate on the horse to shoot and swing at the enemies chasing you while the horse is sprinting forward is perfectly done and actionmovieesque.The stealth section is taking inspiration from AC Unity, Deus Ex and Dishonored, with several ways to enter a secured zone without being noticed. This is where your eagle shines, his job being to scout for enemy sentries, hidden pathways, caverns and treasures.The draw distance is amazing, way better than Witcher 3. Also features a Photo Mode which is amazingly satisfying to use to capture amazing moments especially whit the great draw distance and amazing acrobatic combat and movement.Also has plenty of weapon variety, each type of weapon with diffrent handling and use and each weapon with diffrent stats and enhancements like bleeding, burning etc. That applies to bows as well as tools.You can also tame wild animals to have pets that help you in combat which is a nice addition. Also the game now features tombs inspired by Tomb Raider games. They are short, one puzzle or platforming section leading to the treasure. They are not hard but they contribute to the authenthicity of ancient Egypt. Also the side activities are far superior to Witcher 3s. I mean The Witcher has Gwent which is fantastic, but little else but AC Origins has gladiator fights, war elephant fights, hippodrome chariot races, tombs. Also every question mark in W3 is usually a monster nest or something similar, really simple, but here, any question mark can vary from an wild animal lair to a whole fortification waiting to be thrown into chaos with slaves and animals to be released, captains to be killed and treasures to be looted.The swimming sections are also better than Wither 3s because its more beautiful and it now features a fully developed underwater combat.  Also the naval combat is similar to Black Flags but it doesnt overstay its welcome.Storywise its debatable if its as good as AC II but if not, it defeneatly comes close.These are just on the top of my head but Im sure you will have many more things to praise about this game by the time youre done with it.Totally recommend!