Ill be talking about the games terrrible performanceMy rig Ryzen 7 1700 at 3.7GHzgtx 107016GB of 3200MHz ram.  played at 1080p ultra settingsPerformance See the next paragraph for my notes on the game. In short, its my favorite ac game ever. Its a shame that I dont see myself playing anymore of this game until the perfromance is fixed. It is a stuttery mess for me. I honestly dont know what to do, the constant stutter is just ruining the game for me. It is a very cpu intensive game, but I dont think anything in the game warrants the absurd amount of cpu this game uses. Im on an 8 core 16 thread proccessor, and I see 30 cpu usage just on the main menu, when Im in noncpu intensive areas like caves I see around 4050usage, when Im in the very cpu intensive city scenes I see 6070 usage and I have seen as high as 90 usage. This game just about maxes out 6 core cpus, and will undoubtedly max out the most commonly used 4 core cpus. Im inclined to believe the rumors that ubisoft running the vm protect over denuvo is causing the cpu usage issues, theres just nothing in the game that warrants almost maxing out 6 core cpus and 6070usage on my r7 1700. The game also looks very graphically intensive, but never fully utilizes my gpu, when similarly looking games do max out my gpu. this could also be causing issues. I see about 70fps on average which Im happy with in such an intense game, but the stutter that occurs about 23 times per minute just ruins the game for me. So I would not reccomend picking up this game unless they fix the performance.The gameThis looks to be the best assassins creed game yet, I have really enjoyed what Ive played so far. The main character is quite likeable, the new combat is a huge improvement over previous ac games, I love the bow, I love Egypt, I think that this game has the best looking water of any game, and the draw distance is quite great as well. I think the sidequests are for the most part very enjoyable unlike previous ac sidequests which just felt slapped on to make the game seem deeper than what is actually is. There are a few ugly textures here and there, and the soundtrack is a bit too bareits just not there enough. Overall this was shaping up to be the best ac game I have ever played.I sadly can not reccomend anyone play this game until ubisoft fixes this.