I generally gave up on Ubisoft over the years I try to avoid their products and never really had an interest in AC after I had played the original one. If that sounds like you, keep reading, cos youre about to have your mind blown.At the moment I write this review I have put in 11 hours after purchasing the game in the morning and playing all day. Mind you, rarely does a game suck me in to this amount unless its an mmorpg. So I really didnt expect a Ubisoft game to do me this way.. I honestly thought Id be refunding it under two hours.Lets start with performance, with a 1080GTX  i7 6900k Im keeping this baby smooth as butter on 2103x1183 with everything maxed out and 120 rendering scale, along with reshades adaptive sharpen and some other effects. It stays at 45 fps locked right now, because I have put it as such. It was giving me 5860 fps at all times but dropped to 55 it the really crowed areas and since I dont like that I capped it lower. I could also drop the rendering scale to 100 to gaint the fps back, or let go of adaptive sharpen. However, I like shiny things.Ill skip the part about graphics since everyone has by now seen the beautiful vistas one can find in this immensive,immersive world/map. And it really is enormous. Fortunately in Origins that doesnt come at a downfall in gameplay, theres a ton of quests and sidequests, all with mini story lines that are well enough developed to keep you interested in doing them. Nothing here really feels like a chore, more like something you can do that gives you another reason to venture out into the beautiful landscape. These sidequests give plenty of loot and will enable for easier progression through the story as you level up.Combat feels really good and I like what they did here. I get that many people dont like the lock on feature and I do understand them a bit but if you change the FOV to the maximum the zoom and claustrophobic effect becomes less. I dont use it all the time but just when an enemy comes a bit close to my liking. I also dont use the look that way to switch target function but simply tab in and out as I find it more responsive.Im roughly 45 hours in now and am yet to even finish the story line since Im so busy sidequesting and exploring, so as it stands of yet I cannot provide a review of the story. 