The game is a step up from being Overpowered AF and NPCs too dumb in many situations in the previous series. Enemies give less time to hide, therefore, gets in conflict much easier than previous games. This is getting a bit more challenging yet more fun because a little mistake may lead to a big group of enemies coming after you, making stealth becoming a lot more complex than supposed to.Using Senu, the bird, to navigate the detection instead of characters seethrough walls and such. This is also getting more difficult as you have to manually move your cursor around to find enemies instead of boom sees everyone in my monitor at a certain distance. It is annoying sometimes, but after some time I got used to it.They also make climbing easier, so some parts you think you cannot, you can climb. And you may be able to run up some impossible hills.Boy I was so immersed to the details they added to it. Compared to Assassins creed syndicate, this has more environment details and most are easily memorable and very beautifully done while syndicate pretty much buildings and the only thing I remember from that game are the very important landmarks. Yeah, I know its industrial revolution, what more should I ask.To tell you the truth, I am a bit disappointed. The introduction was kind of vague and very limited resource to players. It seems Ubisoft intentionally did that, and is later discussed more. Still in the end, the story is not clear enough. I could say, the understandable story parts are very entertaining while those that dont were left blank.The ending is also not too satisfying, IMO. It does have potential to be a lot better, but I guess its just it. However, they made an interesting plot at the very end, which connects how it supposed to be We are the first, according to the trailer.Though I hate to admit that I play on a laptop with specs lower than minimum requirement, I lowered everything to the lowest with FPS limit at 45.Here is the comparison of my laptops GPU with the one mentioned as minimum requirementThe thing is the performance should still be kind of trash, but turns out my laptop runs at a very consistent 45 just like I set with a rare chance of dropping down to 30 while in high loaded area. To make it short, this game very optimized compared to previous games.Only one crash in my laptop is when I tried to sell too much items in my inventory, but it didnt happen the second time.Well, nothing to talk much here. I always love assassins creed soundtrack. Appropirate sounds are well used on every events. This thing is dope. No more EZ assassin. Story not too good, but bearable. Should be very minor crash issues. Worths buying if on sale.