Pros  Beautiful scenery, It looks amazing. The atmosphere and the ambiance really make you feel immerse in the world youre in. Just all the small details are there. Examples of one of this details, you can listen into random conversation by people near you as you walk by in the city streets or world. The world feels alive. They dont seem to be just cookie cutter conversation templates and daily motion pattern. Both the people and animal individually feel unique and as if they all have their own objectives.Weapons are plentiful. Really enjoy the loot component and the ability to upgrade your gear and weapons. The ability tree grows at the correct speed and is well balanced. He ability tree has tons of options and none feel weaker or over power then the others. The time it takes to get ability point feels good. It doesnt feel like your been rushed to open up the tree. Or that it is to slow to progress.Story and Side Quest  Story is well done and you really do feel invested in it. Side quest are so well done you really feel like they must be complete and they are greatly rewarded. One cool thing to point on are Event Quest you can find it randomly in the world around you. Although this game is not multi player it does have a  hint of social element to it via the photos and event quest. Event quest are triggered when another player has died near the area youre in. Usually if another player was doing a mission or just randomly died at the hands or an NPC. It the game will show a blue skull indicating an event quest. When you go to the blue skull it will tell you player uplay username has died here would you like to avenge his death. You can hen chooses to take the quest and kill NPCs responsible for his death. If your complete it you will gain XP. and the loot the drop.Cons It is a CPU Hog. Currently due to Ubisoft using Denuvo and vmprotect as antipiracy software. One on top of another one and because of this it needs CPU power to tackle it all.This is the reason most people complain about optimization of the game. Even I had some issues in the very beginning and spend at least 2 hours in graphic setting just to get the right balance to be able to get good graphics with good FPS. I wouldnt get everything ultrahigh but I got a good setting I was happy with. Certainly high enough were I didnt feel it was to great a sacrifice that it would degrade gaming experience.  Updated CPU Priority was change to normal with the new update 1.05 . It runs smoother!!!Nominated for The Haunts My Dreams Award