I was looking at this new itteration of the AC series with a skeptical eye. Not because of Ubi being known for performance issues on release but because of the revamped gameplay route they decided to take. I must say I never had this much fun in an AC game. I thought the new combat system had not its place in an AC game, but man, how wrong was I. With my hands on the game, I love the new gameplay, real good surprise here. And the bows, omg the bows I love all of them, thank you Ubi for making them all have a unique and relevent playstyle. And the storytelling, it has gone up by a big margin, I have never been this much eager to play an AC game before for its story.I have only one complain gameplay wise  stealth kills. I dont know why nobody seems to notice it, but only 1 kill animation feels realy wrong here. Since the last AC games had so many animations for hidden blade kills Im very sad to see Bayek doing over and over the same single move. You could argue he is the 1st assassin, and there for he doesnt have as much skill as the lastet assassins from th 19th century. But still Im disapointed by that.Now about performance, I have a GTX 1080 with a i7 4790k and 24GB of RAM. As you might imagine I get fps dips in the cities and I tried to figure out how I could prevent it from happening, but it seems there is no work arround it. No graphic settings nor resolution can change the poor performance in the cities. Almost constant 100 CPU usage on all cores in the cities. I heard Ubi is gonna adress this issue. But I dont know how they gonna do that since it apparently comes from the anti crack software Denuvo on top of another one which I dont remember the name which supposably are using 40 of your CPU power.So if you are a constant 60 fps lover like me you ganna have a hard time living with the fact you cant change the performance. I spend most of my game time trying to fix this stuttering. But then I gave up and started to realy play the game.In conclusion, this is by far one of the best AC game ever released and I highly recommend it to any one not concered with performance at all. Just jump on this game its well worth it.If you have a beast CPU, one of the latest to be released, youll probably have no issue with the game.That being said, if you have a good CPU you have a high chance of experiencing poor performance in the cities.If you cant play a game if its not at constant 60 fps, Id recommend you waiting on new comming patch until people stop complainig about high CPU usage and bad performance in the cities.I was almost tempted to give this a negative review, but after giving in to trying fixing the preformance problem and just experiencing the game, I must say this is the AC game I had the most fun with in a long time. So I defenetly recommend this game!