Good setting and solid stealthassasination game but otherwie I would have left it the first one hour for the below1. Inyour face ingame transactions prompting the player and taking up menu space in a single player PC game. Ingame purchase needs to stop RIGHT NOW in PC singleplayer or it will kill game quality just check Activision patent!2. Pictures of other players poppoing up on the map breaking immersion and who cares?  Go Offline in Uplay to turn if off3. Revenge missions popping up in singleplayer game Revenge did2for2  breaking immersion  who cares?  Go Offline in Uplay to turn if off4. Story line done in medias res but how is the player motivated by the Story if does not know what has happened? Character acts like he does so  guess I feel the same? Modernday storyline also does not help the story cohesion this is my first AC game  only tried it because of the ancient Egypt setting5. Side quests inspired by Witcher 3 which is good but mostly poorly executed man talking in woman voice, dialoge pacing, asking a question from the player and dashing of within 0.5 s after that6. Ingame economy is all whacked. you will find hunderds if not thousands of ampullas with 36 coin and a tunic costs min 200 with no gameplay effect. Everything that you can by ingame seems worthless as good weapons and mounts come by free and all you can realy save the coin for dresses that look sortof interesting but cost above 20007. Addtional DRM middleware for specific publisher with mandatory registrationTip if you are playing with NVIDIA card get the latest driver or CTD, and if AA is activated turn down brightness to 40 else colors are washed out and the game looks extremely lifelessPerformance No issues with max settings on i7 and GTX970 though the CPU does have a constant heavy load even when the game is not doing anything so quite wasteful. Some lag popped up during cutscene prior to the first ship2ship combat this part is poorly optimised but hopefully the lastUnless you love Ancient Egypt like I do, play Witcher 3 instead and only come back to this one afterwards might be patched untill and options added to deactivate all the useless online stuff.Edit Trying to finish the storyline but this is taking forever due to1. Each time the story kicks in, the quality is too low. There is almost no consistency in the campaign missions from beginning where it takes around 15 minutes untill the palyer even knows who the protagonist is to the assasinations which are sometimes right on each others hills with no preparation and context and sometimes with huge hype and tiny payoff  I always feel like having to do something fun after them as a reward usually in other games2. Keep checking the markets for new clothes but keep getting the same 4 items just in a differnet color. This segment was obviously planned to contain region specific attire that has been ripped out and being sold separately. There is no way to implement such a mechanic withouth degrading quality and this is a perfect showcase for that as it does not hinder game progression but is still looming above the player all over the mapThe game is at its best when just roaming around and picking up sidequests which is a pitty considering the possibilities in the story. Of course the Witcher  series had books as source material, but so does ancient Egypt. I myself  have read a dozen such novels full with fanastic stories for such a settting.And if Witcher III Naval combat seems like an obvious choice to have a minigame implemented like Gwent. Providing Exp, funds and resoruces it could serve as a perfect distraction it does not have to take place in the world map but cannot find it as a minigame like arena. Why? everything is there. Is it left for DLC?The game has creat combat, great ideas, and a map with so much love and details, but it is consistently let down by its main story arch and the looming microtransaction felt all over the place.Can we remaster this withouth the store and cutting out the beginning cutscenes  modern day parts? If it had the naval combat minigame on top of it, it would be Game of the Year material for sure