Assassins Creed Originsby UbisoftGenre Assassin sandbox hehReleased October 26, 2017In the Ptolemaic Era of Classicalera Egypt the Ancient times, the Old Kingdom, was even a thousand years or more before this game!, Bayek is a Medjay, the last of an order of protectors who swear to help the innocent and punish the guilty basically detectives. Unfortunately, he runs afoul of an Order of Ancients, which Bayek holds wholly responsible for the death of his son, in their seeking his knowledge of an ancient vault located beneath the Temple of Amun in Siwa.Assassins Creed Origins is the latest in the long and glorious saga of the battle between the Assassin Order, which seek to maintain free will for all people, and the Templars, who seek to subjugate mankind and bring an authoritative order to the world. This first chronological, so far! entry seeks to show us the establishment of the former, with Bayek as one of the most prominent assassins of ancient times.Like many assassins in this series, however, his story begins in tragedy. As mentioned, his son was killed by the Order so his wife, Aya and he take on the massive goal of traveling throughout Egypt and abroad, taking out the members of the Order of Ancients as the Templars are known in this time or so I am guessing! as they find them.This entry has a rather different combat system than others in the series! Rather than a straight dodgecounterstrike system, a hitbox system is now employed, requiring you to be very careful where each blow is landed, lest it have no effect. Also, loot is introduced for melee weapons, bows and shields. You have a chance at getting common, uncommon, Rare or Legendary versions of these, each with more special attributes that give you an edge over the enemy.You can also loot valuables and even vendor trash, which you can sell for additional money or break down for crafting materials.Thats right, a limited form of crafting is now in the game, that you may make yourself more powerful in certain areas, like Health, Melee Damage, Ranged Damage and other important stats.The land of Egypt is MASSIVE, with perhaps three dozen areas to explore each with their own special features, and often dangers. Theyre also rated by level, which you can see on the map if you enter an area rated much higher than your current level, you probably wont survive long if you run into an enemy! So, take care.The game also looks absolutely beautiful! Ubisoft knew this so they built in an amazing photo mode to manipulate images in many precise ways to get the perfect photo. Theyre uploaded to the Community site, where theyre displayed on the map ingame! You can see others awesome shots in the same way!So if you want to run, ride, swim or stalk throughout the sandy reaches of the Land of Pharaohs, check this wonderful game out! I highly recommend it for fans of the series or of these types of games! 