I cant support how Assassins Creed is changing.  There was a time when side missions were optional and it takes skill to get everything you want.  Now its required.  Dont get me wrong, the gameplay is honestly pretty good.  Unfortunately youre forced to trudge through it even if you dont want too.  I spent hours of this game trying to explore a lot of map just to find enough side missions to get the required level to play a mission.  Now I can play it without being at the right level, but every single enemy in the mission will basically be as strong as some of the bosses in the game.  And you cant kill them with one stealth attack.  Stealth means nothing a lot of time in the game too.  Youre required to fight people you cant kill instantly basically anyone higher level than you and other missions you require to kill NPCs that are on horses that you cant stealth kill.  Most missions put strong regular soldiers alone or relatively separated from the group, and you have to fight them for a good 23 minutes before they go down, and you cant get anyone elses attention while doing it otherwise you get overwhelmed.  And keep in mind, you can only stealth high level missions if youve done a lot of grinding outside the main story arc.  So the skill ceiling is basically a cliff if you dont want to carry a dude from point A to point B 30 times, or clear your 50th bandit cave, or clear another pig eating military camp, or INVESTIGATE why some dude bashed another dude over the head for not giving them protection money....Yeah theres a lot of things that you could do in this world...but so much of it is REQUIRED.  I feelNow Im not sure if Im imagining this or not.  But I want to mention it because I feel this is true.  But when Im playing a mission when Im underleveled, I feel like the soldier AI gets harder.  Im not too sure.  But I feel like they just take more initiative and block more often when Im under leveled.  Not to mention their damage AND health is truly higher than usual.  I do the EXACT SAME amount of damage before and after I get to the right level.  But for some reason.  It just doesnt matter.Oh youre two levels too low?  Well  you everyone now has a weapon hand crafted by Zeus.Not to mention there are actual REAL roads where bandits hide behind rocks that are 1020 levels higher than you, just waitng for you to come by and curb stomp your head into the dirt.  But thankfully running past them is an option.  Its just you dont go very fast so...this is your life now.