There are many people complaining about not being able to load into the game past the first menu screen, and thats understandable because I had that problem too for awhile. For those of you who gave a bad review because of the menu crash, try updating your driver then restart your computer. Thats what worked for me.Onto the actual review4.1 hours on the game while I write thisGRAPHICSWlecome to 2017, where the graphics make half the game and overheat your computer to the point where your house might as well be a nuclear reactor. I knew this game was going to be a beauty when I saw that opening cutscene. Before the gameplay even began, I was ready for the graphics like never before. Remember the good ol days where we thought the 1998 Starcraft was top notch visual quality? Its hard to play that game now until I readjust myself to the look of it, and this game is a prime example of why. Now that I have gotten into the freeroam of the game, I can and will tell you that this game is a visual masterpiece. The newer the game, the more beautiful the game. Even Cuphead looked awesome and thats Cuphead. Most people have specs on their PC that goes above and beyond the recommended but still experience issues. I dont have any idea what my specs are because Im not smart enough to hold that information, but I do know my graphics card is a GTX 780 and I only experience the occasional lag spike.FIGHTINGOnce I got into the game, I immediately I experienced the cutscene I mentioned earlier. Once the gameplay began and I was introduced to the fighting, I started giggling like a third grade girl. In AC 4 and before, the fighting was to counter and press a button, or just spam the attack. Now, you have to dodge, time your attacks, and dont spam or youre dead automatically. I would liken it to a less intense version of For Honor. The countering is replaced with blocking, but the counter is an unlockable skill. The fighting is extremely difficult, but then again, I only have four hours on the game. The lock button supposedly locks onto an enemy so that your camera stays on him throughout the fight. While fighting, you can change targets. Or at least you were in the tutorial. Now when I press lock, it gets whoever Im not fighting, then just disables entirely and I dont even know where I am or what Im doing.SKILL TREELike I mentioned earlier, there is a skill tree. In AC 6, I felt like the leveling up system was a bit off just because there were two seperate levels I had to take care of. In this, there is only one character and therefore only one level, which I enjoy more. Not only that, but there are far more skills, which means a higher level capacity. Leveling up isnt difficult either. Just do missions and kill stuff, eventually youll level up. A lot of the skills are just extra features small things like adding in the ability to counter attacks. While I felt like this was a let down, it was understandable. The few major skills they have are things like holding two weapons and being able to speed up time.CRAFTINGThere is also a crafting system, which is not new to the series. My favorite AC game, Black Flag, also had this system. Its satisfying to upgrade your gear and not only become stronger, but also watch it change on your character and look cooler. To craft, you have to have resources. Most resources are hard to find, and by most I mean wood. Soft leather and hard leather are easy, and those are pretty much the main two.SWIMMING AND FREERUNSwimming is a well made feature in the game, and you can dive anywhere at any time. I dont mean the Black Flag dive where you go right under the surface to hide, I mean the Blag Flag diving bells. Right under the water and down to the bottom of the lake. Your weapons can also be used both above and underwater, swimming or not swimming. Even your bow works underwater. Want to kill a crocodile but dont have ammo? Just leap into the lake and stab that dude. The freerun I see has been complained about as well, but thats a garbage complaint. The freerunning and climbing is just as good as any other AC game. Press Z to toggle between walking incredibly slowly or sprinting, but being in an infinite sprint isnt a problem for me. Like Dying Light The Following, there are tons of flat areas meant for travel with a transportation means. In AC Origins, its a camel, horse, or war chariot. There are also sailboats, which are faster than science could possibly ever allow. If they could travel on land, there would never be a need to invent cars.EXPLORATIONIts the entire country of Egypt. AC Black Flag was awesome because it was a huge map with tons of things to do. It was so much fun to just fight and pillage ever ship I came across. Although I cant board ships, I do have a far bigger map than even Black Flag offered. Each region offers tougher enemies, to the point where I went to Giza just to see the pyramids and got one shot by the first guard that looked in my general direction. However, Giza did also offer tons of money, so I suggest you level up quick if you want in on that. I accidentally raided some poor fools tomb and got 200 gold and a rare weapon from the first box I searched. If youre jacked in the game and 200 is nothing to you, keep your garbage opinion to yourself.HISTORYThis may not matter to some of you, but to me, this does. I greatly enjoy history, and Egypt is something I know a lot about. The way they built Egypt up in the game is a lot like it was in real life, and that makes me a shed a single tear of joy out of my left eye. If the sailboats didnt travel faster than light, then it would be spot on. I felt left out when I saw Alexanders library still standing in the game. You meet figures like Cleopatra, and although Im not entirely sure because I havent gotten that far, my guy Julius Ceasar is here too. They were alive at the same time in real life so they have to both be in the game. Kind of a spolier Cleopatra is the one who gives your wife hidden blades, and she then gives them to you.OVERALLSo far its a fun game. I had a beard at the beginning, and I shed yet another single tear when he cut it. This tear wasnt out of joy. If you have sixty dollars to spend, go for it. Just make sure you have updated drivers and a powerful machine. Im not going to give it a /10 rating because I only have four hours on the game, but maybe Ill come back and add one when I have more. So far, high quality game. I wish Ubisoft would actually make a game that doesnt have some critical glitch that makes it unplayable. The one for AC is the menu glitch, and that makes it literally unplayable. Good luck if you buy it. Hope you can load in. 