People who say that this game is choppy and has horrible fps are correct as this game is demanding. I have a 1060 and i5 6600 and I easily get 30fps in highly detailed areas such as Alexandria on high quality. However if you are one of those people who really want 60fps ultra quality then you will have to invest for an i7 as an i5 doesnt cut it. However in terms of gameplay and plot the game excels just as well if not better than the scenery in this game. The gameplay feels  a bit strange as first if you are used to playing Witcher 3 but once you understand it it is really fun. I also like the new rpg styled of fighting with timing parrys, blocking with shields, and dodging. The new system also is very fun to use as it is like Witcher and destiny mixed together. You need to see what weapon does more damage, its durability, its damage per second  really helps to tell what is better between different classes such as sword and axes. The bows are great as well as there is the normal bow, the shotgun bow which fires five arrows at a time, a sniper bow which has high damage and high range but has a low ammo. There is then finally the machine gun bow with high fire rate but low damage. There are also other ranged weapons you unlock through the skill tree such as sleep darts or these fire oil mines. Another great addition is having your own personal mount. You start with a camel in the game which when you whistle it comes to you. If you dont like camels its fine you can buy horses if you want which are the same basically. Senu is also a great addition as you can scan area without entering the premises. The one part I hate though as no game is perfect. The control scheme is weird. There is no walk button as you are always running but in reality when you do ever walk in video games. Since dodge is space bar they decide to make alt climb and jump. Now to the question most assassin creed fans are asking. Is there a modern day? Yes there is and it is not like the horrible first person modern day but, there is a 3rd person modern day with two new characters. 