Just at the moment I lost all hope with the Assassins Creed series, Origins happened and I thank Ubisoft for that. For those who are too lazy to read this review, here is a summary this game is immersive, the map is huge and it is waiting to be explored, every once in a while AC Origins will make you stop and appreciate the scenery around you. Even if you are not into the AC series, try to give it a shot and decide after you watch a sunrise in the desert!Well, this is no brainer. The game has awesome graphics. However, in order to run the game in Ultra and enjoy it fully, you really need a good rig. I myself run the game on a midtier GPU and get 4050 FPS with some settings on High, some on Medium. No stutter, no crash, no lag, just fluid gameplay. But Ive read people that cant run the game with better rigs than mine, so I guess it is a win or lose situation. If you think getting less than 60 FPS makes the game unplayable, then you might want to wait for a patch in order for Ubisoft to address the issue. From what Ive read, their antipiracy protocols cost us a few precious FPS.Im 40something hours into the game and Im nowhere near the end, but as far as Ive seen, since Altair and Ezio this is the first time an AC game has a good story. We are first introduced to Bayek and learn that he is a Medjay, an Egyptian warrior that protects the people of Egypt and the protector of the pharaoh. Eventually, the story will eventually lead to the foundation of the Brotherhood and how can an AC fan not be intrigued by this? Sure, along the way we get to learn more about Bayek and the story line mainly follows his personal motives, but in my opinion this makes the game much more immersive. Do I need to say he has a very cool wife?You have the freedom to go anywhere, climb wherever you want, ride as far as you can, dive underwater, explore, take a boat to cross seas or lakes, get scared the first time you see a crocodile, learn that hippopotamuses have no mercy or get stuck in a tree because you are too scared to face the lions and tigers underneath which are waaaay too overpowered for you... and I can go on. AC Origins has an interactive world and gives you every opportunity to gain experience, loot rare or legendary weapons. Almost every location has codex and if you take your time to read, you understand that you are roaming the Ancient Egypt. You get to discover tombs, you get to see the pyramids inside and out. This is a big plus for me.As for the combat, all I can say is that it feels more realistic than the other AC games. It is almost impossible not getting hit unless you are too good at dodging and in the early game, its not really easy. There are places that make me stop and think before attacking. Rather than barging into a camp and stabbing anyone that stands in my way, I make plans so that I dont die. Remember those missions in early AC games that make you stealth kill your enemies but you fail and decide to smash buttons, hit every direction until you succeed? Well, stealth really works in your favor in this game. Oh and using bows is a thing too! They actually work!To be honest, the leveling system is quite limited. You can easily get all the abilities and eventually you lose interest in the build tree. There really isnt a real building system going on, maybe in the early games but as you push through higher levels you understand that you are not tailoring a build to match your playing style, there is not much to choose between.I thought my PC wouldnt be able to run this game so I passed it, eventually I received it as a gift and I was ready to refund. Thank god I didnt make that mistake. If I knew, I would have bought it myself! So Im giving this game a 10/10 for all the fun and the quality time it offers. I hope this review was helpful and kudos to anyone who made it to the end! 