I have been a huge fan of the AC series and have legitimately enjoyed every single game except for the Chronicle games. I have been known to be leniant toward the series about things that a lot of other people are usually much harsher about. Heres why I am absolutely loving AC Origins so far. It is completely and 100 seamless, where the only loading screens that are pretty short on a HDD btw are when you fast travel and going in and coming out of cutscenes. Unlike in the previous games where theres a loading screen anytime you leave a city and such, this game has none of that. The size of the world and the seamlessness reminds me of the Witcher 3s world. The controls are a bit confusing at first because they changed it from the previous games so veterans of the series might be put off at first HOWEVER there is an alternate control scheme that is basically classic AC controls. The modern era stuff, which a lot of people dislike, is very minor like in AC Unity and Syndicate. Hunting and wildlife is a lot more immersive and well done compared to AC 3 and Black Flag. There is microtransactions in the game HOWEVER they are actually completely unnecessary and a nonfactor in the game, you can get any outfit, money, etc. all on your own in the game at a reasonable pace. MTs are there, but please do not let that deter you, because you definitely dont need them. This also seems to be one of the best optimized games in the series as well. I have a 1080Ti and an Intel i7 Quad Core and at max settings I get straight 60 FPS. Your mileage may vary obviously if you have a weaker system but from first glance and the amount of possible graphics options available in the settings, it is very much optimised well, way better than Unity, Syndicate, and even Black Flag. Also, for those who care about Steam achievements, its also the first AC game to have Steam achievements which is nice.If I had one complaint about the game so far, is that like previous games, in the beginning parts of the world are block by story progression. It doesnt last long, but its there. If I were to give it an arbitrary score out of 10, itd be 9/10.EDIT I forgot to mention, but another major plus is that they have gotten rid of optional objectives, allowing for much more freedom with missions and much less frustrations. However they have also gotten rid of the memory sequence system, where you could replay missions and the like.EDIT 2 Do not sit on this game. It really is THE best in the series and thats from someone who already loves the series. 