Firstly, I came into this with really low expectations, Im not really a fan of the assassins creed series, but ive heard from friends that theyre bad and getting progressively worse each year... the last one I played was either 1 or 2 whichever the first open world one was. I really just bought this bc I have a weird fascination with ancient egypt and I couldnt pass up the chance check this out.That said, I freaking love this game, in reality everything about it including the mechanics, story, combat etc. id consider all middleoftheroad at best, but the fact is, the surroundings, atmosphere, etc. are just unreal. The world is huge and you can spend hours and i have just screwing off and ignoring the quests and story completely. I particularly enjoyed tombraiding some of the pyramids and tombs, and the atmospheric stuff like that is where this game really shines, like coming out of a dark tomb into the sunlight, the way the shadows play on the tomb walls when holding a torch or lighting a braziersp?, the sounds and experience of swimming underwater and then coming out, how you hallucinate weird things when out in the desert too long, the historical accuracy and how the citys feel so incredibly immersive etc. and the sound is done really well... The fun part for me was really just running around and exploring/looking at stuff, its like going on a vacation.So thats the good, heres the bad, everything else, like the story is just meh, the rpgish elements certainly were a good idea, and they set this game apart from others in the series but where they screwed up is the items to take advantage of it, unless you buy loot crates or items, you end up seeing the same blue items over and over, so literally i am using the same seasonpack items i started out with 70 hours in. the controls are very poorly thought out for pc but not impossible to get used to combat can feel clunky, particularly parrying it doesnt work well unless youre right on top of your opponent, and they really should have taken notes from the arkham or middleearth games and other things, like some of the perks dont work properly all the time, chain assassinations or chain adrenaline kills, a few of the bow skills the bows, besides the predator one, feel bad in general... one of my little niggles is they have all these cool cosmetic outfits, you also have this cool way of upgrading your armor, it looks different each teir you upgrade to, but only if youre wearing the regular armor, want to buy that armor from the store or use one of your dlc ones? those always look the same.Important for those w/ older or underpowered CPUAnother one, and a major one so Im giving it its own paragraph, is that this game is optimized very poorly for pc. keep in mind this is running on a gtx 1080/i7 6700k rig that handles anything else with ease, some examples... shadow of war on ultra80120fps, destiny 2 on ultra120fps, wolfenstein on highest 80120fps but for whatever reason this game decides to divert a rediculous amount of the job to the processor, while the gpu even at ultra settings is only ever doing about half of what it is capable of... Ive heard a few theories, like they are running 2 DRM platforms in the background, which seems probable, my theory is just that it is optimized badly, and forcing the cpu to do too much work while the gpu is working on half capacity. So while I get 100fps in destiny 2 at a packedtothe gills event with 20 players running around. this game averages around 60fps in crowded areas, and all the while my gpu is confused as to why its not being utilized properly... the good news is you can turn all the settings up to ultra without negatively affecting your framerate, bc even then, the gpu is still only doing about half what it is capable of. if i was trying to run this on a rig with an i5 for example, im pretty sure id be getting drops into the area 30fps that I consider unplayable. Im not even sure what this is optimized for... Ive seen this game on an XboneX and inside alexandria/memphis/siwa/other busy areas it looked like it was struggling... literally hurt my eyes 30fps, not seen it yet on a playstation but afaik the XboneX has better specs anyway. Like i said though, it runs fine on my rig but at times its right at the edge 60fps of what I consider playable, and bc of the poor optimization, that cant be fixed by tweaking settings. I get pretty much the same framerate at low settings that i do with ultra.So to sum it up, bad performance, meh story/combat/mechanics, freaking awesome ambiance/atmosphere/immersion. about the performance, its a major flaw and its broken but i dont see them fixing it, so id never reccommend to someone running less than an i7, but as long as you had that, id bet itd run fine w/ a gtx 1060 or 980 or less, bc my 1080 isnt even working up a sweat. I probably also wouldnt reccomend this to a freind who was looking for a cool rpg/adventure type game unless they were specifically looking for an assassins creed game, but id definitely reccommend it to anyone wanting to explore ancient egypt. So im giving it a thumbs up based on that, I bought this game to explore an area and part of history that Im fascinated with and imo thats the one thing this game does really well.