Great return to form. Probably my favourite Assassins Creed since II.Definitly the best world they have built to date. It is amazing what they could do with a desert. It is really facinating seeing ancient Egypt in almost all its glory. The time frame is also a great choice, seeing the worlds of Egypt, Greece and Rome coming together. I really wish they added the codex that they had in previous games to this world, as it just lead me to hours of wikipedia articles. Having that in game as you discover locations would have been great. Truely a facinating time.That does bring me to the first gripe I have with the game it does not make full use of this world they have created. They have this amazing transitional period. Remember that more time has past between the establishment of the Pyramids and Cleopatras reign, than between her time and modern time. The Pyramids were more ancient to them than they Jesus included are to us. However, it doesnt form much more than a back drop. Very little of it is explored in the story and the characters. You also have all these facinating people, like Cleopatra and Caesar who are really generic and bythenumbers in the way they are written into the story. They just brush over all this history for a very cliche revenge/romance plot.The story is not bad. There are some great moments, a few which are quite emotional, but it could have been so much better.Moving over to the side quest storylines, they are not much better. Most are just your standard fetch quests and bandit camps. They tried to create small unique stories for each one, but they just felt like a poor mans Witcher. They even tried creating a world of grey, but they were not very well executed. However, this is where much of the world building takes place. Some missions are short and fun, but many can be a slog.Speaking of the side quests, they highlight one of the weekest points in the game, some of the voice acting. The VO in the main story as well as with the established characters are great. Some of the NPCs and minor side characters are pretty atrocious, however. They have these very poor Egyptian and Greek accents and the delievery is sometimes way out of place. There is one old female actress that plays a few characters. She speaks so slowly and her cadence is incredibly staggered that it is actually painful to listen to her. However, this is just a minor gripe. Given the scale of the game, most of the characters are perfectly fine.Combat is much improved over previous games. It a lot more flushed out and no longer the QTE dodging sequence of ther previus games. It is nothing spectacular, again something similar to what the Witcher is like.Otherwise, everything is really great. I hate grinding through large open world games doing the same thing over and over again, but there is something about this world that keeps me coming backl