I have finished one playthrough and gotten two other characters to level 40 and one mission from the end, and for msot of the 200 hours I played this game, I enjoyed it immensely. I never liked the AC franchise, and hated the combat especially. The biggest change in this game, luckily enough, is the combat. It is more similar to the Witcher 3 and Dark souls than it is a regular AC game with Arkham esque combat. The world is massive, and filled with beautiful architecture and tombs to plunder. There are numerous towns of significant size and a couple decent sized cities to make the world seem real. The gameplay is made up mostly of   either exploring the countryside and searching for loot in castles, forts, outposts, bandit dens, ruins, tombs, temples, etc... OR following the main story, which you can do while almost completely ignoring the side missions, since they level you up enough to proceed to the next one. There are plenty of side missions I think about a 100, maybe more that you can do. If you are looking for a way to sink time while having fun, this game does the job admirably. There is a progression system with interesting skills, some of which are very useful while others are complete garbage. You can also upgrade various parts of your gear, with breastplate, quiver and melee and range damage bracers and dagger all having multiple stages you can upgrade them through. You have to hunt for animal skins, metals and wood to get  the resources, and that kills a lot of time. A lot of the map is for higher levels, and thus is still fun to explore when you hit max level. The end game is still as good as the early game, and it does not suffer from a common problem found in other games, where you have nothing to do once you max out your character.Where the game comes up short is the variety of side missions, and how most of them are very uninspired. Id have to go into length to explain why they feel so bland, but if you compare your average side mission from Origins to any mission in the Witcher 3, the difference becomes obvious. It is bad dialogue, lack of twists, lack of compelling characters, poor camera angles, and quests that end without a satisfactory resolution. If you get a quest where you are told about this awful commander of a nearby garrison who is oppressing everyone in a town, and go kill him, the quest ends right there, and you are never left with a feeling of having changed anything, since the garrison still respawns soldiers, patrols are still made, and you never talk to the people who gave you the task to begin with. This happens over and over, which ruins any emotional impact the quests should have. The main missions on the other hand, do not have this problem, and some of them are very memorable, but there are problems there too.You play as Bayek, a Medjay, for the bulk of the game, but in several sections, you are forced to play as his repugnant wife, Aya, who is by far the most unlikeable character in the game. She comes across as someone thrown into game to appeal to feminists who wanted a strong female character, and treats Bayek like a rag. And Bayek of course, acts like a simpering weakling despite his reputation and skills, and keeps trying to follow her around. Its pathetic, and really ruins the story. The ending is even more appalling. and turned what was a great experience into one that I am more ambivalent about. The story of revenge is great, and a lot more could have been done with it, and they could have simply taken Aya out of the game, and had her be killed by the Order. This would have improved the game in a massive way.Technical issues Another minor issue that certain people might have is that the keyboard default controls make the game uplayable, or at the very least hamper your ability to play the game. I reccomend spending some time to pick different keys, as parry is an important button, and if possible, rebind it to mouse 5 or as mouse 2, in which case you have to rebind aim to CTRL. Its also a better choice to rebind heavy attack to mouse 4 or middle mouse button and overpower to a single key on the keyboard somewhere. The default setting for parry is E, and since you have to be moving around using the WASD keys, you do not have a finger free to hit parry without moving one over, which makes parrying impossible while moving, and that makes the combat clunky and almost impossible. Climb is also set to ALT on default, and that really feels wierd, so I moved thato CAPS. I did not suffer from FPS drops too much or from an overly hot CPU, although some people have. 