I cannot say enough good things about this game, but here are some of the exceptionally good onesThe RPG elements / mechanics. Previously Assassins Creed games have always had a linear story and yet still incorporated minor RPG elements, putting it in a very weird kind of genre, but now that they have gone allaboard the RPG train, it is an incredible thing. The gameplay and atmosphere isnt too unlike the Witcher 3, which can only be a good thing.You are a real person again! In more recent AC games, thats to say after 3 where Desmond dies you stopped being a real person, or well, in Black Flag you were kind of a person, although you never knew what you really looked like, since it was all firstperson and you had no actual personality. Origins has remedied this lack and you are once more a real person, and although I dont know much about the woman who is in the animus, I am immensely excited about the possibilities, as the area you find yourself in after the prologue act already looks to have hidden elements to it, which reminds me a lot of AC Brotherhood.The combat is amazing, and as Ive said, seems inspired by the Witcher 3 to some extend, though I personally think it handles a lot better, although the targetting is a bit hard to get used to at first.The only negative things I have to say are that sometimes the shadows / textures are a bit screwy, like a brown camel turning completely black I found out that it is caused by opening the ubisoft ingame UI, and it is no longer a big issue.I cant wait to play more. Huh, imagine that, actually being excited about playing an AC game again. Now theres a feeling I havent felt in years.EDIT after 25 hoursIve barely scratched the story yet, but have done quite a lot regardless, and I must say that I cant put it down, which is bad considering Im a fulltime university student .The difficulty is a very nice surprise, especially as it doesnt seem to let up later on in the game, which really reminds me of the Witcher, and I can easily say that this is one of the best Assassins Creed experiences Ive had, although nothing beats 3 and Brotherhood in terms of gameplay.The game also has a beauty and atmosphere to rival that of 2, and the further I get into the story, the more intriguing it gets.EDIT 50 hours inThe more I play, the better it gets, which is a scary thing, as I keep thinking it cannot surpass itself and then it does.I thought at first that Alexandria was the best looking city in any AC game ever, and then I came to Cyprene and was simply overwhelmed. Compared to Cyprene, Alexandria seems like nothing, which is funny considering how I thought Alexandria bested even Venezia in terms of beauty and atmosphere.The same goes for the landscape. At first I thought the area around Krokodilopolis was amazing, then the desert, then the cities and then when I neared Cyprene, the forested countryside knocked me off my feet.I dont think I can write any more to prove just how much I love this game. The story is good, the combat is awesome and challenging at least on Hard difficulty, the landscapes and cities are astonishing. Simply put, I think this is the single greatest Assassins Creed game ever made.