This is the First Assassins Creed since the Ezio Trilogy that truly blew me away.The world is large and filled with interesting side activities that, for the first time in any AC game that i played, MEAN SOMETHING! Theyre not just there to fill out the map.Also, the game looks absolutely fantastic. From the badass outfits to the Pyramids of Giza i havent found a single thing that i didnt want to look at.The story starts out a bit slow but gets better and better all the way to the kicker ending.other prosa skill tree and RPGlike progression systemabsolutely great combat system, far better than any other AC game. You actually have to work for your parry kills for oncethe game rewards exploring, which is great because theres a million things hidden in this game.no limits. the world is yours to explore in its full extent from the moment you finish the mandatory intro questyou get pulled away from the main quest line a lot , and getting side tracked is not boring at all.no BS stipulations for maximum synchronization. In fact, no stipulations on anything. you are truly free to tackle every challenge as you like.diverse choice of weaponrydiverse boss encounters.YOU CAN FIGHT BLOODY WAR ELEPHANTSgame runs smooth. although i read there can be some performance issues, i had none.The Bath towel outfit. nothing funnier than slaughtering some Romans in a towel.Those Who Came Before give you a lot of food for thought. If you are willing to listen.The games built in Screenshot feature lets you take and look at breathtaking and hilarious pictures from the whole community. Yup this game has its own Instagram. sort of.some consfarming your upgrade materials can be a bit time consumingoccasional small bugs here and there, but definitely nothing major or game breaking.even though some bosses can be quite the challenge, overall the game is a bit too easy for my taste. Id like a difficulty setting higher than hardthe AI can be a bit derpy if you have to follow someone or they follow you. Minor annoyance.microtransactions. well, its Ubisoft, what do you expect. but throwing more money at them certainly doesnt give you acess to easy mode.Main character tends to have the vegan syndrome. He tells literally everyone who he is and what he does in the first sentence after they met.Overall verdictdefinitely worth the 60 bucks i spent on this game. i clocked in almost 46 hours now and Im far from done with this game. Exploring Ancient Egypt at the turning point of human history has been the best gaming experience i had in a while. 