The game performs surprisingly well, especially for a Ubisoft game. Im running a GTX 970 with an i76700 and 16GB of RAM, and I get a solid 60 on highvery high. Havent crashed or frozen once, and the little bugs are so few and minor, theyre completely negligible. The worst part about the visuals is the clipping. Theres not a lot of it, but its noticeable in cutscenes especially.Without spoiling anything, the story is all over the place, and parts of it are really great and parts of it are not so much. The political side of things and the historical events you get to take place in are awesome and nothing short of fantastic. However there is still an over arcing, run of the mill, revenge plot. Its not terrible, but there is very little motivation in it for me. Aside from that, your wife has like no personality until the end of the game. You learn why, but it doesnt make her any less boring for the first dozen hours. Thankfully the history/lore, the world, and main protagonist are seriously fantastic..Theres an absolute  ton of stuff to do, and its all fun. Theres tomb raiding, treasure hunting, riddles to solve for rare gear, fighting in the arena, enemy forts and outposts, sunken temples and shipwrecks, rare animals to hunt, war elephants to fight, convoys to attack, and NO TAILING/EAVESDROPPING MISSIONS. There are tons of secrets to find that give lore on the first civilization, and egyptian history of course. What makes it all that much better is the world is massive and downright gorgeous, paired with a near perfect traversal system trees are the only thing you cant climb, it makes simply exploring the world a huge delight. The AI in the world is also surprisingly good. People actually have schedules mostly where they eat meals, shop, use the restroom, sleep, travel to other cities etc. Even your main targets have schedules mostly and you can kill them at basically any moment, maybe theyre giving a speech, laying down for bed, or calling their guards away cause they have to take a dump in the bushes. Its all done very well, aside from a few scripted setpieces that arent terrible, but wouldve been better if they were handled with the same open ended approach. Being able to go anywhere you want, with AI that act like Sims, gives a sense of freedom that no open world game matches.The combat, while not perfect by any means, is a big improvement over the last ACs. Youre no longer locked into fighting one guy at a time and you have to actually connect your hits and move out of the way, instead of pressing X to kill or A to dodge. Its more comparable to Zelda or Dark Souls, though it is a bit more forgiving here. Its not as smooth or as well telegraphed as those games, so it could definitely use some touching up. This is their first time even attempting a hitbox based system, and it works pretty well. Just not perfectly. On the other hand, the stealth is fantastic this go around, and aiming your bow feels natural, so being an actual assassin is more viable and satisfying than ever.The RPG elements are few but theyre pretty good. The skill tree is pretty big, but some of the skills like tools and xp boosts feel like they should just BE there rather than having to unlock them. On top of that there are some skills that youd think would be there but they just arent, like the double assassination theres something comparable, but it is very different and disarming enemies. There are also tiers of gear now so youre always chasing better stats, some people like it some dont, personally I think it keeps the game fresh and there is a really good weapon/outfit variety, though there could be some more shields. You dont really choose what kind of personality your character has, he is an unwavering force of justice with a strong sense of morals, a hate of authority, and a soft spot for kids. This isnt a bad thing, because Bayek is actually really likable, in fact hes about on par with Ezio.Overall this is easily the best AC since 2/Brotherhood. Id give it an 8.5 or 9, serious contender for GOTY for me. Anybody who enjoyed any previous ACs will probably love this one. Id still recommend it to those that didnt as it is a very different game. It still has all the stealth, hidden blades, political intrigue, social strife, and ancient technology that AC is known for but with all the new mechanics and smoothed out gameplay, it plays much differently, and much better. 