This game is near enough perfect and I have little to no complaints. After 60 hours of gameplay, here in this review I will sum up each of the main reasons you might want to buy this game and go to the key points of each of them.GraphicsThe graphics are astounding and the map is beautiful. The textures can sometimes bug out. The sand texture and especially grass and hay looks amazing. The mountains are very photo realistic and look simply amazing. I am running the game with 70 fps average on a 1050 Ti and and i7 7700k on FULLY MAXED settings. The game runs off the AnvilNext 2.0 engine, which is also used by Tom Clancys Ghost Recon Wildlands, Steep, and both Assassins Creed Unity and Syndicate10/10StorylineIn my opinion the story line was amazing. It revolves around the main protaginist, Bayek Of Siwa who is the last known Medjay of Egypt. He is on the quest to to protect the people of Egypt while becoming the worlds first Assassin, hence the name Origins.GameplayThe gameplay is super fun and I had almost no bordom throughout  the entire game. Sure it can be repetetive but cut Ubi some slack because if youre making a game this long and with this much to do then of course it will be repetetive. There are a variety of things in which you can do in the game which I will go into more detail about on the next paragraph.10/10MapFirst of all, the map is absolutely huge with 34 parts ranging from a full desert to swampland areas to beautiful cities to seas. Almost every part of the map has something to do and most parts have loads of things to do, even the deserts. These side activites include, bases to defeat, places to loot, tombs to raid, side missions to do, papyus puzzles to find and complete, and in general places to explore.10/10CombatThe combat is of course different to the other AC titles but in my opinion Ubisoft have taken it the right way since this style of Dark Souls type combat is definately very fun and could be seen as an improvement to the other games. If you arent already aware the original games had a lock on combat where this one has a hitbox style combat.9/10Looting/weapon system and overlay, skill points etcSimilar to Unity and Syndicate, Origins has an rpg style to it with the skill points and looting system with 3 different rarietes, Blue common Purple rare and Yellow which is Legendary. The game has a variety of mounts such as camels, horses and chariots. On top of this you can change your characters looks with his outfit. His armour, weapon capacity, arrow damage, melee damage can be leveled up or increased as you find materials around the map from animals. You can also tame the lions which is an amazing feature and its very fun to have a lion by your side helping you attack crocs, hippos and even standard enemies.Side missionsThe side missions are plentiful and of course have their own stories. The gameplay in the side missions is fairly similar to the main missions except for the fact that you arent working towards a main enemy at the end of the mission. The side missions follow the same generic concept of helping out civillians and doing their dirty work such as finding their lost friends or family members which have been captured, retreiving their horse or uncovering a mystery which can at times be very engrosing other times they can feel boring.7/10Overall opinionOn the whole I would recommend this game any day of the week. Despite the hefty price, its 100 worth the purchase because of the long hours Im sure youll put into this game. Personally Ive played it for hours at a time addicted to the story and uncovering new locations of the map.The deluxe edition contains a legendary item for everything including, mount, outfit,  and weapons.9/10 Near enough flawless