Some core fans of Assasins creed are disapointed, because this game is far away from previous assasins creed games, but one think they dont get is, that you are not an assasin in this game, you  are a medjay. So how does this game about assasins without assasins stands out ?I think the biggest selling point of this game is its enviroment. Some say what is cool about Egypt ? Its just pyramids and sand. And Ubisoft proves you wrong. As usual, creating living interesting enviroment is strong side of Ubisoft games. From old egyptian cities  and villages full of life, to more modern greek cities you can see approximate   representation of everyday life of people inhabiting Egypt during reign of last ptolemys regime. From poor Egyptian peasants working in fields and building structures to rich greeks enjoying  their life in brothels. Each city has his history, mostly visible in its architecture.Outside of urbanized areas you can go from fertile nile valley in the north to quiet  barren deserts in south. You can find different animals and flora, depending on areas. From hyenas and vultures in deserts, to hippos and crocodiles in swamps, deers and goats. Also cats, that you can pet ! Cats get all the love for petting, but you can pet horses too !Revenge is a dish, best served cold. Story follows Bayek, the last medjay in old Egypt on his way to revenge. But is it any interesting ? Market is saturated with revenge stories in video games, movies and books, so it is very difficult to get revenge story interesting enough, to make you sympatize with character you play. Sadly, the story is very predictable and average in this category, nothing special, but interesting enough to follow characters motivations to create brotherhood of assasins. Bayeks personality stands out in this game, he experiences wide range of emotions during game, joy from helping people to impressing kids by doing leap of faith to anger bursts when confronting his enemies. Sub plot of relationship between him and his wife Aya is not interesting. They have their problems, different goals and thats it. You will not see it developing anywhere, it stagnates during game till the end.Appart the main storyline, there are side quest. Some of them simple, some of them multistaged. They help you to level up to be ready for next main storyline mission. People who rush main storyline feel, they have to grind through them to progress through main story. Is it really that grindy ?Yes and no. Most of the quest are build for these purposes investigate kill/assasinate clear area of enemies/danger save escortYou basically do one of these things during quests, it might feel boring, grindy, repetive, but each side quest has its own story that pivots you during busy work. For people who are set to do things from checklist might feel grindy,  it might be no problem for people who got intrigued into following story.Before you get to action, you do some prep work in form of scouting. Thats where your companion comes handy. Your companion is eagle named Senu. Senu helps you scout place from sky, marking enemies, secret entrances into places, or your main objective. It controls with no problems and you can fly her to the any place of the map without getting bothered to travel there yourself. Climbing towers have purpose and each synchronization point improves senus perception, so its better in marking important things like enemies and loot.You have to option how to deal with enemies, stealth and combat. Game doesnt punish you for using each of one, but combat might get you into difficult situations, if you are not skilled enough. You can have one melee weapon and two, if you unlocked skill from skill tree to wield 2 melee weapons. Sword, mace, spear, hammer all have their pros and cons depending on your combat style, from range of weapon to damage. Rare and legendary weapons have special abilities like poisoned weapons, or cursed weapons that lowers your health, but lets you deal more damage. Also you can use your shield for blocking and parrying. Fighting is based on hit boxes, you have to position yourself correctly and attack in right time. Theres option, when you can use camera locking on enemies, but that can be improved. I think it was primary meant for 1vs1 combat, because camera is placed very close behind bayek, which means you have no idea, whats going around you, you might get hit from behind not expecting it, because you dont know whats going on around and camera lock lets you cleearly see only in front of you. Camera lock is very useful for 1vs1 situations like fighting boss fights, in the world or gladiator arenas. But difficult to use in group fights. Sometimes it switches randomly between targets, sometimes randomly unlocks and send your camera or field of view flying around, away from enemies.Animation of your enemies when they perform their attack combos are locking on you which means, that you cant just dodge behind them, you have to dodge out of their weapons reach and wait for them to finish. Here are some points, that I disliked about combats, especially boss fights When you are chaining light attack combos, enemy boss can recover after first hit and dogde to safety,but if enemy boss chains attack combos and you get hit by the first, bayek doesnt recover quickly enough to dodge out, so all attacks from combo are gonna hit you if you dogde after first attack, the animation of boss chain attack just locks on you, so you just cant dogde behind boss and hit him from behind, you have to dodge totally out of reach his weapon if you perfrom light combo attacks, enemy boss can just break it by his attack, you stop attacking and get hit by his combo, but you cant do it to him, cant break his combo by your combo, you just have to dogde outStealth is the easier way. From skill three you can unlock many useufl skills, from chain assasinationts, to poison and sleep darts, to taming animals that will help you stay undetected. Stealth feels very basic, using enviroment to cover yourself. attacking from high grass or around the corner. Enemies are smarther now, they go investigate arena,where you might be, when they see,that oncoming arrow from your bow just missed them.People complain, that there is no social stealth, but in context of the game I can understand that. You are a Medjay. A well known and respected person across old Egypt, who is there to protect and help people in need with big medjay badge on should. You would simply stand out in crowd with big shield and weapons on your back.Area of Egypt is divided into locations with recomended levels. It means, if you are underleveled, you can get destroyed really easy. But everything in this game grants you exp points, from hunting animals, to simply discovering places. so leveling doesnt feel grindy, its matter of time and activities in your gameplay, you can upgrade your equipment by hunting animals or getting other resources, its grindy if you want it to be grindy, but you can obtain all needed resources during your quests, if you keep collecting everything on your way. Upgrading system is pretty basic, not for your personal needs, but for needs of level of your character, you always find weapons close to your level of your character, but if you want, you can upgrade your favourite weapon in ingame shop, but that is pretty expensive.Appart for main and side quests, there are other things to do. You can raid tombs for Ability points and loot, you can compete in hippodrome races, fight in gladiator arenas or solve enviromental puzzles like alligning stars. But I think game misses some table minigame, that you could play over and over again like Fanorona, Morris and Checkers in black flag.If ubisoft can get better writers, improve combat system a little bit and solve its performance problems another game might be another witcher 38.5/10 