Actually not that bad as everyone expected it to be. Granted, i went in with minimal expectations, but was pleasently suprised by this game. Its starts up painfully slow, with nothing Assasiny in sight, and wants to make you familiar with the Egyptian world. This world is very well crafted and looks magnificant. The tombs, the pyramids and just the sheer landmass is a beauty to traverse. Sadly, as with most Ubisoft games, thay fail to make that world feel like its actually livable.In early production they said they wanted to make a Witcher 3 kind of a open world game, but they fail to make it believeble. People just stand and walk around. Dont really act like real human beings and all scream to each other. Every time you encouter a guard somewhere he seems to be angry at you and screams some insults. This is totally gamebreaking because the gaurd in question has no knowledge about you whatsoever. Small irritations like this is Ubisofts hallmark. They create vast world but lack the finesse to really expend on them and make them feel believeble.When you get past this point the game opens up. The story picks up and really sucks you into it. Bayek, the main character, feels like a real person with strenghts and weaknesses. The main quests feel like they have gravity and are a bunch of fun to play through. If you have a love for old history make that double. Its great to feel involved with real world history and have a hand in shaping it. Very well executed.Side quests are a mixed bag. Again i will be refering to the Witcher 3. All the people that give you quests feel real and believeble and have awesome dialouge. Not here sadly. A fixed camera angle and a not so interesting sob story dont get me in the mood at all. Turn off.The open world map is way to crowded with points of interest and side quests. I dont really feel like its soemthing for me but i do understand the appeal. A LOT of hours can be spent and thats a real good investment for your time.Combat has been revamped and is now somewhat more then jsut pressing attack and counter like the previous AC titles. Its worth to invest some time in it and get good at it, certainly at higher difficulties the combat is sporadicly unforgiving. Something that i enjoyed.All in all a solid 7/10. Enjoyed it enough to give it a thumps up. If Ubisoft takes the negative points and imrpoves on them the next game could be really good. Lets hope so! 