I will share my opinionThe thing is that todays gamming is not the same as it was a few years ago sadly. Compagnie have discover that microtransaction work and make a lot of money. BUT, I would not say that its scam to use these in a full game 80 IF you compare them to other compagnies and I mean ALL of them. I will explain myselfWe all know that the mobile gamming market is in expenssion. Devlopping little app that cost pretty nothing and put some microtransactions to make a lot of money. Many compagnies quitted doing games and started doing cheap apps with microtransactions because it does a lot of incomes. That explain why so many games release in Alpha or have a lot of DLCs.IMO there are four types of way to release games1 Mobiles games in general Really cheap to make dev, free to buy or cheap and fulled with microtransaction/ads extreamly popular and working a LOT.2 Alpha states games Big games, not finished to develope so not too risky If it goes wrong they can stop the devlopement and not lose a lot of money and if it goes well, hopefully they will release the game in full version... Verry popular.3 Full game no micro transaction/no or few DLCs These are the best! One shot 80 nothing to pay after These indeed exist but are really rare these day and are really risky since if people dont like it it fail hard and have cost A LOT to make.4 Full game with microtransactions/DLCs So full game and a chance to make more money with fans to cover up if the game is not popular as intended.So yeah, my opinion is that the last ACs was not a success, so it is risky for Ubisoft to release this game knowing everyone will judge. This is to cover up their back. Many of players will hate it, with some reasons but for my part I prefer this to alpha games and other tricks that compagnies use to release their games. If you buy this game your are promoting microtransactions in furture games 4. If you dont buy this game for this reasons youre in certain ways promoting the 1,2,3 ways. So yea maybe you are promothing full game with nothing to pay after you bought it but you also promote mobiles games and Alpha games...Anyway like I said today is not like it was a few years ago, with mobile apps arround and Alpha games that release everywhere, compagnies that take the risk of releasing a full game deserve somthing. This one seem really nice for now on and much better than Unity and Syndicate maybe early to say that but for my actual gameplay.To conclude that, I also think its really bad that compagnies use all these marketing technics 1,2,4, but its like that and I personnaly think that its not that bad compare to compagnies that does mobiles games no offence for easy money or all the Alpha games that release every week... 