Origins is definitely the best AC since Black Flag, and may be the best AC of all time although that really does come down to personal opinion on some of the games more divisive mechanicsKey changes from previous games The game is sort of an RPGlite now. Levelling and upgrading gear is crucial now, including upgrading the hidden blade to allow it to instantly kill targets from stealth one of those aforementioned divisive mechanics The game has a very open scope similar to Black Flag or AC3. Cities are smallish but big enough to not get stale, and the space in between the cities is absolutely stunning, and possibly one of the most lovingly created and varied open worlds in gaming. Map is no longer filled with useless busywork and collectibles. Collectibles now are in the form of chests which contain weapons that you can actually use, making these chests worth seeking out. Combat has totally changed to be much more active now, with an emphasis on dodging and blocking. Origin story of the brotherhood is handled pretty well Modern day is nonintrusive although this may be a negative of sorts for those who love MD HOWEVER More first civ lore is revealed in Origins than in Unity and Syndicate put together, and it is entirely optional content. Combat is significantly more challenging than in previous entries may be a negative to some Main character Bayek is likeable, and manages to be fun to play whilst also not being yet another Ezio clone. No missions in the game require you to use stealth, you are completely free to go in loud however you like. Modern day is very non intrusive again, this may be a positive to some Combat is completely different, it is very difficult to now take on a fort full of guards head on. The emphasis on social stealth that has been present since AC1 is entirely gone, with instead a focus on silent infiltration entirely. You cannot blend into crowds, you cannot use crowds as distractions etc. The game is much more of a generic sneakystealth game. Despite no missions requiring stealth, the opposite has occured where there are many missions that DO require combat. To this end, stealth gameplay is not much different to previous entries, if not somewhat simplified.Overall for AC fans Origins is a great game in its own right, and it does the series lore justice, but it also somewhat steps away from its gameplay roots.Origins is a phenomenal experience, boasting one of the most well created and immersive open worlds I have ever seen, great gameplay and so many things to do. The world is possibly one of the best open worlds ever created, and even if you hate all of the gameplay, Origins is worth it just to experience Egypt. Combat is active, not too dissimilar to sigh Dark Souls in its dodgefocused hitboxbased third person combat but it has nowhere near the depth of Dark Souls in terms of stats or enemy variation or difficulty So much content. Many well written sidequests and hundreds of interesting hand crafted locations to explore and raid. Music is incredible Graphics are incredible The game has lots of small details like animations or dialogue that turn it into a very high quality product. small things like blood realistically dispersing in water, water discolouring rocks, Bayek running his hand over the top of tall grass, Bayek limping after a fall etc NPCs are relatively persistent, with schedules that can and will influence your gameplay when trying to find targets or raid camps. Story for the most part is self contained and not dragged down too much by series lore. Lots of endgame content. Game does an alrightish job of explaining some of the modern day lore, although it is delivered through dull modern day text files. It is a good way to refresh your mind or get up to speed on some of the modern day stuff. Story is quite poorly paced in some sections, the heavy open world quest based structure is partly to blame for this inconsistent pacing. Some people report incredibly high CPU usage and rumours are that this is due to the DRM that is being used. Game reportedly has suffered graphical downgrades in patches since launch, particularly relating to LOD, and there is currently no word on if this will be fixed. If you are new to AC, the game does a terrible job of explaining the Isu aka first civ, and without going back and researching it there WILL without a doubt be parts of the game that do not make any sense without having played a prior AC.Overall Origins is worth it entirely for the Ancient Egypt experience it provides. The story is fine minus the pacing issues, and if you are new you will be confused by some of the scifi stuff, but the game is a net positive and absolutely 100 worth every cent. 