This is an amazing assassins creed game and is a huge step forward in the right direction. Id like to go through the technical stuff first. My PC has the following components Intel 6700k 4Ghz Stock, MSI 980Ti Seahawk factory overclocked, 2x8Gb 2400Mhz Corsair Vengeance RAM. I capped the framerate to 60fps via Rivatuner not in game and ran the game at 1080p 60fps. I suffered from ZERO performance dips during my 96 hours in the game and I used a G903 mouse and Corsair strafe keyboard for playing dont like aiming with controllers  aim assisst basically autoaims for you. The only technical problems that were present in the game was the cutscenes, although it said it was 60fps you could clearly see them stuttering. I believe this is common on the console ports as well. Not sure why Ubisoft doesnt fix this. I had everything maxed out except the following  AA off ON makes the game way too soft and blurry  turning it to high didnt effect performance though, Shadows  high, Environment V High, Ambient occlusion  high, FOV  115. The reason why I didnt just max out the above settings was because theres very little visual improvement and usually ultra settings for ubisoft games tank framerate for no reason. S Also note, this game used my i7 CPU at 100 in some areas of the game. I believe this is linked directly to number of NPCs in the area. I was in a small town and I believe the game glitched and spawned about 50 NPCs in the same house and i noticed my CPU usage hit 100. Ive never seen it go above 50 before playing this game.Now, this game is a huge change from the absolute trash that was syndicate. Im sorry, but syndicate was my least liked AC game. Why? Because you were basically thugs going around thugging about. Forming a gang and taking out a gang. The villian was boring too and didnt really deserve to die as he had done almost nothing wrong the entire game except maybe kill one of his own men in his office. AC origins is all about the revenge. However its all about that from start to finish. Unlike AC2 which originally started out as revenge and then becoming something bigger, this game tries to do something along the lines of that but I felt it was more grand scale in AC2. Thats not to say the story is trash. Its there. Its not that amazing, but its better than Black Flag and Syndicate for sure. Bayek is such a lovable character. I love this guy. This brings me to the side quests. Coming right off of Witcher 3 and hearing this game takes lots of points from it, I felt that the side quests werent as impactful as Witcher 3 for obvious reasons. The side quests, instead of enhancing the story, actually enhances Bayeks character. You learn more about him. The way acts around the common people, rich or poor and how hes around children. Which is great of course. However I wish the side quests had something story related to it. The side quests thankfully arent all cut and paste like AC Syndicate thankfully. I absolutely hated the side quests there. There is one thing in this game that I absolutely hated and that was the cart racing in the racing arena. Horrible controls. And if you screwed up and fell behind it was nearly impossible to get back into first place. Wish they didnt include that. Id rather they include like a side quests where youre on a horse/camel and you shoot targets while horse is moving or something along the lines of that.Next is the combat. This has pros and cons. For starters its really good they added different weapons with different movesets and specials. However the only downside is that the animations can be.. uhh.. janky? Playing Witcher 3 you quickly notice how Geralt flows from one move to the next. Considering the fact that this game was motion captured, Im confused why its like that. I like smooth flow rather than raw movement. With regards to the weapons, I honestly see NO REASON to be using any weapon other than the Sword. Why? Its got good range, damage, shield bash combo for knocking people down, and amazing charged heavy attack that has good range and is safe to use because of that range. Personally, in a video game I like using spears, however in this game the spears are kinda messed up. Youll hold on to left click to iniate one of the special abilities and itll completely miss enemies despite the spear going through their bodies leaving you open to attacks. The dual blades would have been my favorite if they werent a spamming heavy weapon  similar to how youd be attacking in AC Syndicate. Id also like to add that some of the patrolling guards AI was just absolutely stupid. Early game I was saving a person from a hippo attack and all of a sudden 3 patrolling guards go by and suddenly decide Im a bad guy and begin attacking me. Also, the archers are horseback are extremely stupid and annoying. For starters, when they engage with you, 80 of the time their horse is on autopilot, so theyll be shooting you while their horse continues to move forward putting them out of your range. This is one of the most annoying things in the game. On top of that you cant knock a rider off his mount by simply headshotting the horse. Which would have been excellent if they had that. But the horse has health and you must do A LOT of damage to kill a horse. I feel this was a missed opportunity. They should have made it so that you can headshot the horse and knock the enemy right off. Instead of that, the best way to knock a person off a horse would be to use a charge heavy attack  which can be a problem early game as you wouldnt have that ability right away OR use the predator bow with the ability to control the arrows flight and just headshot/kill the archers Or put the horse to sleep lmao. It sucks that this is how you must do it but whatever. Game allows you to be very creative with the kill.Now end game theres not much to do. There is a horde mode arena, however its desinged in such a way that you cannot get passed a certain level. You might as well not try as youll be one shotted. Which brings me to Nightmare difficulty. I originally  started playing the game at this difficulty and around level 30 max level in the vanilla game right now is 40 I changed it to hard mode. Why? because archers would murder you and theres no way to recover from it. Secondly the enemies would all use their power moves which had good range and if you dodged back instead of to the side, theyd knock out over 2/3 of your health forcing you to back up so the low health filter that keeps passing over the screen goes away. By the time I had finished the game, I had 44/50 achievements which is pretty awesome. I cant wait for the season pass. Game is incredibly fun. Grab the predator arrow control early in the game. I originally didnt like the idea of it but when I started using it, it made the game so much more fun plus its absolute must have for hunting animals as they keep moving their stupid heads. Early EXP boost abilities are good too as well as the charged heavy. Getting these early game will make you the biggest Nek in Egypt. Amazing game.Lastly I want to mention my biggest ISSUE with the game. Its so damn beautiful that the uglies stick out. And the uglies in this game are the NPCs. HolyI wish they took a month to improve the NPCs. Coming off of Witcher 3, these NPCs look extremely horrible. Granted, NPCs have always looked bad in AC games. But the game is so beautiful that its just annoying. Voice acting is excellent. I loved Bayek, his character, his voice, same with Cleopatra but the NPCs looked horrible. I mean some characters call themselves beautiful and when you look at them youre just like.. umm... looks the same as everyone else. The only attractive female in the game was Praxilla and Cleopatra with her jewels on her head. Ill let it pass because the game is such a huge improvement over the last but I do expect next time to have Witcher 3 quality NPCs.