First off, I am a long time fan of the franchise and have played every installment so far, so I expected nothing but awesomeness when booting this up for the first time. Yet here I am, having to say that I requested a refund for the game, which I  sadly  didnt get, since Im already nine hours in. I wasnt actually playing the game for that long, mind you. A lot of those hours were spent trying to get it to run troublefree, since I so, so, so badly wanted it to work out in the end.As I said, I spent a lot of my playtime trying to get it to run smoothly, without chugging, hitching, framedips cpu and gpu frequently stop responding for a second, streaming issues SSD acts weird while reading level data, not unlike Arkham Knight did, audio problems surroud headsets do not output center F and R audio and frequent black screens game continues, but no image. Its not a hardware problem, all of my other games run absolutely fine, and my specs  i7 6700K, GTX1080ti  gsync, updated drivers are way above recommended.Before you go Yeah well, its not even out this long, it will be fixed, give it some time!, Ill have to point out that trying for hours on end to get a game to run is not what I consider playing a game. It feels more like Im playtesting it, like if its an early access title. But hey, its not! They made me pay full price for it. That may be an awesome shortterm business model as far as those go, but no thank you. Id really like my money back?Ive played the game for a short period of time, so I cant really say anything about the game and back it up with a long playtime. There are a few things Id like to mention though. First off, its beautiful. But hey, what tripleA game isnt these days. Like every AC game, its very nice to look at, so thats a big, big plus.Theres been much talk about the new combat system, and so far, it seems I am the only one who really, really dislikes it and thinks its very out of place in this game. Its some weird kind of Dark Souls/Witcher 3 lovechild, but leaving it at that wouldnt be fair to those two games. As much as I like those two games, I think their combat mechanics are not at all suited for an AC game. Witcher 3 had oils, potions, powers, all that stuff. Dark Souls had the everdwindling life bar that didnt autoregenerate. So, Origins is a bit of this and a bit of that, but it fails to capture the essence of both the other mechanics. And that makes it... Weird. And very out of place.Furthermore, the animation and movement in combat is awkward and feels very outdated. The footing of the attacker and the attaquee arent ever in sync, which may give it a more real time feel, but look very unrealistic. The ACvibe is totally missing, as youre stumbling about the screen, running after everyone and trying to get some bow shots off in midcombat, youre not really in control. That takes away the whole assassinexperience. Weapons dont have weight to them, swings with weapons dont connect, spear swipes pass through enemies and the upper and lower body of the protagonist seem to have a mind of their own. Youll see legs running this and that way, while the upper body stays totally rigid. Its just... so 2004. Oh yeah, and just watch what happens to a spear when you put it on your back. See? It shrunk. Yes, it shrunk to about half it original size. Why? Because of reasons. Assassins! Wheeeee!What also puzzled me is that the AI seems to run around aimlessly at times, especially when a camp goes on alert. No, theyre not searching, They just run around. Its actually quite funny to look at, in all its sadness. Oh, and due to leveling and looting, stealth becomes an afterthought for an assassin, go figure, since you cant oneshot everyone. It seems creeping and crawling and not alerting anyone isnt enough of a challenge. But... Why? I mean, essentially everyone at your level is easy to fight, everyone two levels above you suddenly deals huge amounts of damage and become slashingspunges. So much for skill! See a twolevelsmoreorup dude? Just spare yourself the trouble and walk away. Walk away, and instead of fighting, play some more with your GR Wildlandsdrone, err I mean... Majestic freedombird that sees through walls.Controls are dumbed down especially the freerunning, which gives you a bit less sense of control. The controller layout is weird, but that might take some getting used to. What you will never get used to though, is the protagonists halfstick running animation. It looks like he justhis pants. Its just uncomfortable to look at.I know, theres not a lot of good I have to say about this game, except for it looking absolutely awesome. And that makes me a sad boy. It really does. In the meantime, I hope they patch the hell out of it and if not, Ill wait for the next installment, even if its just to see if they stopped looking so much at other great games and halfbaking all of the mechanics they liked into their own game. Oh yeah, and playtesting it themselves instead of letting me do it for them.