Assassins Creed Origins. Took over 120h and still didnt finish alot of activities/side quests. Im a huge AC fanboy but i will give my honest review. Im gunna start by sayingOrigins unveils the story of Bayek, a medjay. Medjays are the protector of the people of Egypt and true to the Pharaoh. Starts with the fall of Egypt and Bayeks people. To avenge his son and the people bayek starts his journey. With friends and family he continues uncovering the truth. As we follow through his jounrney, we come to know how the brotherhood was created. The story starts slow but catches up pretty quickly. Its best best story in recent AC games. Better than Black Flag IMO. The ending was absolutely amazing! I still feel like we needed more. Even tho the story was really big, we are left with wanting more. But that doesnt make it bad in any way. Its a great story overall.They completely renewed the gameplay. The parkour is same but the fighting, exploring and every other aspect of the gameplay is changed. With RPG elements AC added their own touch, which was needed so that it can make the people happy that loved the old gameplay. The Combat is inspired heavily from Dark Souls. The gameplay is quite smooth and they fixed the bit of animation problems it had at the E3.is something AC Syndicate had but it wasnt that great. Origins actually makes you wanna upgrade to the maximum skill. The skills are extremely useful and at some point they are must. Different skills gives access to different gameplay style which is really good. I love this skill tree and pretty sure everyone will like it.They didnt make it completely RPG so the crafting isnt that hard but the resource needed for crafting is hard to get. For that you can open chests around the world, go after cart raiding or just hunt which is really fun. Overall this is not something huge but its there.is good. You can change your outfit and every weapon. It doesnt have that RPG customization but the necessary things are there. You can change to alot of outfits and huge amount of different gears.No more missions. Take quests and do them whenever you want. Seriously tho, they did a great job with the quests. Didnt feel like they were repetitive for a second.are just too good. Excellent side quests everywhere. Really good story and interection. Theres alot of side quests but some are easily better than some main quests. 120h and i still couldnt finish alot of side quests.Bayek is one of my favorite protagonist in AC series. The characters in Origins are really well made. Interensting characters with good stories. Each main quest/side quest characters are interesting. Main Characters like Bayek and Aya are perfect. But ACO fails at delivering great Enemies. Some were interesting and you will remember them. But most of them.. i already forgot lol. Dont expect anything like Cesare or Haytham here. When i say you will forget those enemies, i mean their characters.Oh my.. im in love!! The game world is huge! The entire Egypt and the way they portrayed Ancient Egypt is just magnificent. The citites, deserts, rivers, jungles and lietrally everything about the world is just too damn good. The world looks so alive with great NPC. NPC doing their own thing like harvesting crops and other vegetables, selling things, talking about things with each other, fishing and then going back to home at night. The world just moves on no matter what you do. It has life of its own. Every part of the world is more than worth exploring thanks to lot of hidden caves and other things that you can find like that. Even underwater is so worth exploring. The animals doing their things, sleeping, resting or hunting. I cant describe how amazing the world is with words..Just beautiful. Before this my favorite graphical game was GR Wildlands but this beats that in every way you can imagine. From the biggest statues to smallest scorpion looks amazing. Ancient Egypt never looked any better. No other game world looks this good IMO. The facial graphics of Bayek to every NPC looks stunning. The beautiful cities, stunning jungles, beautiful water graphics above and underwater and the deserts. The visual in this game is so good that you will keep exploring and taking screenshots instead of playing. Just check some gameplays. Oh and in 4K this game looks real life but better.is really good.The weapon sounds, animal sounds to sandstorms and every other part of sound is really good.Beautiful collection of OST. Sarah Schachner did a fantastic job with these ost. Just search some up and listen. And they also modified quite good amount of AC2 OST and put them here, including Ezios Family.is also really good. Bayek and other characters voice acting is on point. The NPC and each character has that accent.is really good with this one. Really strong PC port. I get over 90 fps AVG with GTX 1080Ti and I7 6700K Max settings 1080p. Fps dropped to 7580 in some NPC crowded cities. I tested with GTX 970 and I7 6700K Max settings 1080p and the FPS was average 45. It did drop to 32 in NPC crowded citites. I also tested 4K with GTX 1080Ti and I7 6700k and at max settings i get average 53 FPS. Now i didnt face any bugs in this 120h. No bugs or glitches. After the recent updates im getting stable 60 most of the time at 4k with 1080ti. No more drops in cities.controls are really good. Just too good. Without any sprint button, you control speed with your analog sticks. Overall controls are fantastic.controls are really good as well. But the controls could be awkward for old AC players. Also without having analog stick on PC, you cant control the speed like you can with controller. Which wasnt that good for me. 