This game is a representation of Ubisofts design philosophy. They greenlight great ideas with tons of potential and force them into generic genre tropes like a square peg into a round hole. I finally realized that I buy into that potential and find myself constantly saying wouldnt it be cool if... during their games. After the Witcher 3, Breath of the Wild, Dark Souls, and Metal Gear Solid 5 Ubisoft cant rely on that potential anymore. The lack of cohesion in mechanics and a core gameplay loop are completely absent. This used to be excused by the open world structure but too many games have proved that excuse a fraud. Not only is this a bad open world game, bad rpg, and bad action game, the elements used from these genres hurt each other and make for an infuriating experience. It feels like it will come around eventually but its that hollow Ubisoft promise of potential. Lets break down the elements.Combat They changed it! It must be good! Unless you arent just the right level. I was level 8 and get oneshotted by level 10 enemies. Okay, so pick away at them and then run to isolate the target. Well now enemies can scale three story buildings in a matter of seconds so theres no exciting chases. Theres no breaks to build up the tension of the fight. If you listen carefully you can hear guards say, we have a new combat system! This is what you wanted! as they chase you across the entire Alexandria skyline. You also didnt like how only one enemy would attack before. Now you get to fight a whole Roman legion over ten scraps of wood for that crafting upgrade.Because thats the only way to get wood in the game. These systems just dont mesh. The loot clashes with the artificially difficult combat, and therefore the combat system, and therefore the leveling system and you get a gameplay loop of frustration.Leveling The skill tree in this game is a joke. Remember when in Zelda you could collect arrows out of wooden shields. Cool attention to detail, right? Well you have to level up and spend skill points to get that level of detail in this game. All those slow mo jump attacks looked cool in MGS5, right? Well you have to level up to get cool looking, functional combat. Health regeneration and the counter button are skill tree upgrades. Those are key mechanics that inform how the game plays. The upgrades arent cool additions, they are core mechanics and small details that elevate the experience. So if you want to good experience with this game, level up. But you have to win combat encounters to get xp to level up. You could grind by fighting grunts or challenge yourself by taking on higher level enemies,,, no wait Im thinking of the Witcher 3 that they aped the open world leveling system from. You cant fight higher level enemies. They just use their canned unblockable animation to kill you in one hit. So if you want to have a fun polished experience you need to farm weaker enemies with half of a combat system.Story Ubisofts CEOs five year old son watched Ancient Aliens on the History channel so modern day is here to stay. Whoohoo! You know that Scifi crap that has crippled the ability for this series to explore relevant themes of some of the most interesting and tulmultuous times in history. Its back! I started checking my phone during the second cutscene at about the fifth time jump. Where the story started halfway through a revenge tale original for Ubisoft and expected you to be engaged by what was happening. By the time the Title screen pops up two of the five main targets are dead and you have no idea who they were. Then the game decides to flash back to why you should care, then jump forward thousands of years because ALIENS and isnt that what the hip kids are into these days? People just cant relate to history unless they have a snarky modern day scientist spouting off in order to keep the kids interested. What is even going on in the overarching story in these games. Cliche one evil corporation, cliche twist IT WAS ALIENS! The time period this game chooses to trip over is the most ripe time period for a game about assassins. Literally the most high profile assassinations of ancient history happened.This game could have explored the political turmoil which led to it but instead we need a mustache twirling conspiracy cult that name drops historical figures.Stealth Nonexistent, moving on... well there is a crouching animation. But if youre not the right level you cant assassinate people, In assassins creed, during a time full of high profile assassinations all around the mediterranean. If you do manage to grind to the place where you can take out one guard before you see a higher level one, and have to grind some more, the enemies will spot you if they are in a hundred yard radius. Then you get to fight and die in one hit, or run and die in one hit. I first really started disliking this game when I perched on a high tower to plan out my first assassination mission. This was for the nonexistent tutorial which drops you into a complex rpg and doesnt explain anything. Hey, Zelda did it and it worked there! I used my eagle to find my target through his house walls. The reticle said sleeping next to it and I thought, Oh cool! I though that meant I could sneak in and assassinate him in his sleep, if I was the right level of course. Then I see that there are two entrances. with guards just standing in the doorway. If I land on the building they hear me. If I approach the building they see me, so that means if I creep along this wall they see me. Maybe I can, nope they see me. What about, nope they see me. I hear a guard call out, Hey! dont you like our new combat system! I then proceed through a slapstick fight with the target and twelve guards jumping between as many rooftops as they can before I pepper them full of every arrow in my quiver and the outpost supply. Thus concludes the prologue. I am half done with this long epic of an offscreen journey. Social stealth and thick crowds have completely been removed too. That was what differentiated the barebones stealth system in this series and its gone.Setting I must give praise to the art team. Honestly, the world is stunning and one of the most visually striking recreations of the ancient world. No joke. That is why I bought the game and it delivered. travelling to Alexandria and seeing this game capture that clash of cultures was breathtaking. The video crash requiring a hard reset also took my breath away.Performance I dont mind 30 fps. My system was struggling to hit it on absolute max. Understandable. My computers a little bit older. Then I lowered the resolution. Still under 30. I lower my settings. Still under 30. 1080p no tesselation or anti aliasing. Still under 30. I heard reports of this game always maxing out the processor and only using half of the gpus power but I havent seen any concrete evidence so I wont hold it against the team. My toying with settings seems to suggest that may be true. Not sure though. The game looks stunning on max so crank those settings up. Your performance wont change.There are rumors that this game has two background DRMs running and thats what bottlenecks the performance. I hope not because then Ubisoft wont be a misguided punching bag, but flat out disrespectful to their honest customers. Weve been down this road before. I would rather pirate the game and be able to adjust my settings to an optimal experience without crashes. It looks like this game cant be played unless you have an i7 that released in the last two years. Something is wrong and as much as I would like to revisit this game to get a more complete picture, I cant. I cant risk frying my cpu and for that reason I cannot recommend this game.Final thoughts Hey, games got potential!