What is Grand Theft Auto 2?Honestly, if you dont know what GTA 2 is, stop reading this review, download it it is freeware and play it! See the end of this review for links that may or may not work, and make sure to check for viruses, for example on VirusTotal!But okay, what is Grand Theft Auto 2?Grand Theft Auto 2, or GTA2 for short, is a topdown action game where you can steal vehicles, shoot at people and fulfill missions for various gangs in the city which unlock by having respect for them it is recommended to do all missions for one faction at once since you should have the respect by the time you complete their missions. You gain respect by fulfilling missions and shooting enemy gangs. There are three gangs in each district level, each with distinctive personality. As an example, there is an overthetop asian gang, the mafialike Zaibatsu, the Hippie gang Loonies, and so on.The game is entirely controlled by the keyboard. It feels fluid, the graphics which at the time were too demanding for my PC in 1998 the game would run but the graphic effects would leave white boxes because I had no 3D card nowadays are good 2D from above. There is one known crash which was never fixed but can be easily avoided Entering a vehicle while shooting the flamethrower crashes the game  no other gun crashes it.The game can be saved at anytime outside missions in a central spot, of which there is one on each map this costs 50,000 USD ingame, so you want to keep your multiplier from missions and reload if you die or get caught by the cops  this also means you need to do the first two or three missions in one run to get the score. There are additional collectibles  50 GTA plates and 20 Kill Frenzies. Warning! If you play the game in German, they might be censored, I am not sure about that anymore I only remember they were in the German version, but I dont know if all were there.I had great fun just bringing vehicles to the crane to see what goodies each one gives, then running rampage against the cops or against the civilians until I face my inevitable death or in very rare occasions even survive. At one time I even completed the first level with 100 percent. And although the game has only three levels, they can take a lot of time, although a speedrun probably could do them in maybe an hour each of course only the missions then.And I did not even talk about the hidden things you can discover such as combos, Elvis has left the building, the great soundtrack, the fun you can have with grenades and rocket launchers, the ability to even drive a TANK, etc.So is the game worth it? Of course! I have almost 7 hours in the Steam version as I write this, and that is years after I really played it. If you never played this game, give it a try, you will not be disappointed! The download link can be found above, as sadly neither the Rockstar Classics nor the Steam version are available anymore.Recommended Yes!Download for the nonSteam version freewareEDIT But run it in a sandbox, see below!http //chip. de/ downloads/GrandTheftAutoGTA213015291.htmlClick on the blue button that says Download, then again, then again and the download of a ZIP file will start.EDIT Because VirusTotal tests the exe with a 22 of 56 detection rate vs. 0 of 56 for the Steam version, the link has been made unworkable. Copy the line and remove the empty spaces to use the chip.de download. Usually the site is clean, but better safe than sorry! Many thanks to HughMungusBone2020 and SneakyGunz for testing see comments!EDIT 2 I found another downloadAlso, in the comments section this website was recommended thanks at PhlumAll downloads are AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION! Make sure to check for viruses, I am not liable for any issues.