For a while I thought that Assassins Creed 2 was the best of the series, the original was quite repetitive with WAY too many interruptions for getting out of the Animus a lot of the time just to get in bed, I didnt feel that AC Brotherhood was very different from AC2 They also made way to big of a deal over controlling the brotherhood mechanic, most of the time it was just to drop out of nowhere and kill somebody, and their missions were just waiting times for money., AC Revelations felt like a buffer game, and honestly AC3 was better than ACB and ACR, but didnt feel completely finished. Assassins Creed IV Black Flag is my new ultimate favorite AC game, so much so that it will be very hard to beat. The historical figures felt very human and realistic, and ACTUALLY were important and given good screentime. If anyones played AC3 youll remember the Paul Revere mission, ugh. This is the most emotionally investing Assassins Creed to date. Everyone gets up and arms about Edward being more pirate than Assassin, but hey, not every single one of Desmonds ancestors are going to be the Batman of their time period, so Im fine with it. The only gripe I have is with the modern day segments. I dont know why it was in first person, and it was pretty boring most of the time. No matter how suspenseful they tried to make it, youre never worried about being attacked or anything because there is NO combat system at all. But still, do not let the negatives turn you away, this game blows every other AC game out of the water. I have a solid 47 hours in the game, and I enjoyed every minute, give or take. Except Ubisoft REALLY needs to tone down the amount of tailing missions. A lot of the scenes that try to be impactful do it really well, and I really felt for Edward, because in my opinion Ezio and Altair are very monotone and dont use a lot of emotion in the things they do. Many people gripe about the story, but I honestly think theyre  just trying to find something to pick on. The story was amazing for me and, without spoiling, I think this game had the best ending of 2013. There is a very beautiful piece of music sung by a woman, and matched with what Edward is doing, I actually teared up a bit. This game is prone to completely freezing your computer, though, once it was doing it every ten minutes so I had to reinstall the game. So, overall, minus the technical issues, I would give this game a solid 10/10. The side quests are very fun, the main story is really touching watching Edward grow more humble and thoughtful, the modern day story is mediocre But these segments take about 10 minutes, so not that bad, and the characters are much more engaging and human than the other entries in the series. The naval combat is the best naval combat Ive seen from that era. So, I say again, 10/10.And when the ending scene comes up, please pay attention. You might get tearyeyed as well. 