Assassins Creed IV Black Flag is a HUGE openworld, piratethemed adventure game where you sale the ocean with a crew and your very own ship to find treasure, maybe complete the story or ignore it and just pirate.Have you ever gotten yourself into something that was way over your head? You realized woah, this is going to be way more work then I was expecting... That is how I feel about writing this review.After playing AC Black Flag for just a couple hours I knew writing a review was going to be a nightmare because theres just SO MUCH STUFF!So I must come clean and admit Im not really sure this review will be adequate. I plan to make a youtube review where I can hopefully outline my thoughts in more detail and with better control... But until then, youve got this mess!Your story begins in 1715, you are Edward Kenway, thrill seeker, sailor, scoundrel... Pirate. Edward left his wouldbeFiance and everything that he knew to set sail for the Caribbean.Along his journey he ends up making contact with the assassins, you know... the assassins with a creed? Yeah, those guys. For reason I will not spoil, he eventually is won over to their cause and helps them... But not before he has a jolly good time pirating!Oh wait, you just got pulled out of a simulation... Whats going on here, you thought this game was about Pirates in the 1715s! Heres the thing, youre actually playing the memories of Edward Kenway for a company called Abstergo Entertainment.They claim to be gathering footage for an up and coming Pirate movie theyre doing on the characters in the 1715s and they need your help because youre naturally gifted with this memorybrainmeld technology.I could write a few more paragraphs on the story, but lets just say things are definitely not as black and white as they seem, between Abstergo and their goals, or the people YOU work with, for that mater.I could break the gameplay into a ton of sub categories, but for simplicity Im going to focus on the two main combat features Kenways fighting/stealth/etc, and naval combat.Kenway himself has quite the assortment of secondary weapons, even several different primary weapons, and dont get me started on the pickup weapons! Weapons for days!Kenway at first just goes to his dual swords for combat, but eventually he gets the sneakysleevedaggers. Theres probably a formal official name for them, but Im calling them sneakysleevedaggers.Depending on the weapons being used the animations are different, so a counter with swords looks and FEELS different then a counter with daggers, or even a counter when unarmed or holding a pickupweapon.The Handtohand combat is tailored for ambush striking, and then running away and finding a place to hide. Or you can be a man like me and duel your way through the English lines. Optional you can also die a lot like me, because youre playing the game incorrectly.When Kenway obtains himself a ship, he names it the Jackdaw, a Jackdaw is a small bird part of the Crow Family. The Jackdaw starts out quite fragile, but as you loot and pirate around you get enough money and resources to upgrade her.And Upgrade her you do... with guns, armor, cargo, aesthetics, sails, ammo, crew quarters. Trust me when I say that youre definitely investing in this ship.Now comes the part I was skeptical about going into the game... Sailing a ship.Hands down, this was one of the most awesome and freeing sensations in the game! When youre sailing well, and can direct your ship where you want to go, the game is golden, couldnt be better. But when youre pinned between an enemy ship, and getting mortared by the local fortress... That magic dries up faster then rain in the Sahara.So the Naval combat is touch and go, as a whole it adds to the experience, and definitely doesnt bog down the gameplay in my opinion. However, I will note that some of the most difficult challenges in the game involve the Jackdaw, so when the game says Hey, you should upgrade your ship before you do this Mission, You darn well tootn should upgrade that crap. If you dont you have no one to blame but yourself for how much death youll have!Heres where we come to my final note about the gameplay... specifically when dealing with the Jackdaw. You will hit literal walls that you cannot pass unless you go piratefarm for a bit so you can upgrade your ship. Some people might be able to get by without it, but I had to go explore around, you cant really shoot straight through the story.Even though the story is quite linear and you can go from story chapter to story chapter, there is a type of gear check that is in place to slow you down. AC Black flag was designed to take loads of time to play, to some people believe it or not, thats a turn off for a game! To others its like YES, inject that into my arm with an IV please, ahhhh yeah.I knew this review would become huge... I havent even been able to get into the finer details of the different weapons you unlock for Kenway or the Jackdaw, the minigames, the multiplayer, special events, getting world completion, uplay, uplay achievements... OH CRAP UPLAY!Hey, Hi! did you make it to the bottom of this review?, Uplay MUST run in the background even if you boot the game through the steam client. Thats one of the biggest gripes people will probably have about the game, other then getting stuck on ambient objects while trying to parkour... ACK! I couldnt even talk about the parkour!