Fantastic game. I love it. I will write a longer review when I have time. Added quite a bit. This is not an assassin game but a pirate game. Youre not going to be playing Assassins Creed but Pirates Creed instead.1. Sailing the Seven SeasI love this part. The sailing engine is amazing. From the rogue waves to the ship upgrades to the slow creaking turning of the ship to the naval combat to the ship boarding to exploring the ship, they are all amazing.The sailing seems to be the most interesting thing about Black Flag. You can see the waves splash onto the deck, steer away from water spouts and rogue waves.2. Diving Bell missionsI love diving underwater. I love the exploring the wreckages, the jellyfish, sea urchins, sharks, currents and even the moray eels. I especially loved the one where searching the wreck finds a hidden path into the smugglers den. Kudos to the game designer who thought of that.3. ParkourJump and climb anything. Almost anything. I prefer climbing special landmarks with tricks in the climb compared to boring poles and wooden A frames. E.g. The windmill where you meet Mary Ree Kidd vs the runofthemill synchro points which you try to do to see all the hidden locations.4. Legendary ShipsSadly, there are only 3. 2 ManOWars, 1 Heavy Armour and 1 Fog battle. They come with a minor bug where youre unable to detach from the Legendary event so you cant fast travel after a death.5. Stealth MissionsI like the Do not get detected missions the most. They make you feel more like an assassin.6. The Ending SceneOh. I find it so well done. I was totally not expecting it. The little girl and the song. Muah..7. Hidden EnemiesThe Guardians are a good example. You cant see them hiding in the bushes unless you use Eagle Vision.1. BugsLots of them. I found at least 3 in one playthough. Most of them revolve around Fast Travelling with the Jackdaw. Imagine ghost shipsa. Assassination in the Fort BugsThe designer did not consider that the players might take over the fort before taking the assassination contract.2. Notsoamazing thingsThe synchronization for the Eagle Points arent exactly fun. The views arent exactly majestic. Its kind of an expectation vs reality situation. You climb all the way up and you expect something cool. Sadly, you see boring vegetation. I do this just to get Fast Travel.A good one that Ive seen is in Guild Wars 2. They do know how to make their points majestic.3. Sticky HandsYou grip onto anything. If you dash into a bush next to a house, be prepared to accidentally climb up the side and hang from the ledge.4. Tailing.The dancers in Havana. You can stand directly in front of the guy you are following and the dancers will make you invisible.5. Missing SoldiersAI does not notice missing soldiers.6. Berzerk DartsWay to easy to kill my targets and complete the game. The berserk darts ensure the poisoned target dies at the end.7. Ship Repairs Mid BattleEvery time you board a ship, you are given the option to repair the Jackdaw. This can even be done when youre surrounded by enemy ships. The repair cutscene is also pretty repetitive and gets boring.8. InGame HypocrisyKilling humpback whales, white whales and sharks are absolutely fine. Killing a cow, goat or flamingo will result in This ancestor did not do anything wrong.. Pretty silly in my opinion.9. Aveline MissionToo hastily done. Many bugs. Defending the black lady in the fort was a major bug. If you didnt wait until she was next to the door lever when you killed the last guard, the game would not be able to continue.10. E for EverythingFor looting, dropping and whistling. You can imagine the problems that ensue from accidentally hiding behind a wall while trying to loot a treasure chest. They need to add an additional key called R.11. Ship Combat and Travel SpeedIts actually possible to somehow switch to Travel Speed while in mid combat. This is most annoying.12. Legendary Ship ProblemsThe Legendary Ships can spin on its axis while in combat, with sharp 90 degree turns. Its ridiculous to watch. The rewards are purely 20,000 Reale. Its not bad but not good either. I was hoping to capture the Legendary Ships and make them part of the Kenway Fleet. E.g. Flying Dutchman, Black Pearl, Mary Celeste.NEUTRAL1. SecretsI used to think the secrets were worthwhile. However, there are just too many to do, spread out over too many locations, for just an armour outfit. Its not worth the effort. I was hoping to get more story canon from the game with a secret boss. The game designer does not know how to do a proper secret.The ones that are more interesting area. Mayan Treasuresb. Abstergo Entertainment colleagues computers to thec. Treasure Maps.The most rewarding ones are the computers but they have a very lousy minigame where you rotate a sphere and you try to highlight a green line. The frogger minigame is pretty lame together with the wave minigame.2. TeleportationIt makes the game seem smaller. Its neither bad nor good. Perhaps, an interesting travel minigame/zone is in order. Teleportation makes it easier to get from point to point but it destroys the mystique of a large world.SUGGESTIONS1. Special AchievementsHow about an achievement will reallife value? E.g. Complete a Super Rare achievement and Ubisoft will reward you with a free Ubisoft game. It doesnt have to be an expensive game. Just an old Ubisoft game that you think that no one really buys and youre willing to give away.No DLC for the game itself. Those things ought to be free by default.2. OfficersA group of men who follow orders with no leader? Seems odd. Perhaps a captain who would be a valuable target. The captain would also be an additional difficulty level as he will investigate any men who are missing from their posts. You can see that quite a few officers all over the map but they function as a more difficult kill, not a unit leader.3. SecretsDo it Final Fantasy style. Additional story with secret bosses, not boringoutfits.4. Advanced FishingWhats a nautical game without some fishing? I know that harpooning is cooler but some advanced fishing would be good. Spear fishing or fishing large fish would be cool too. Fishing spots where you catch fish to eat/sell/trade would be interesting. Some fishing minigame would be interesting too.5. Improved SailsI would like to gear 3 speed and not be capped at 2.6. Night RaidsI dont know how one takes over an entire ship on his own but perhaps a night raid with your pirate crew would be interesting.7. Smuggling / TradingSell opium, spice, mangoes, guns, slaves, liquor and more. Rum and sugar seem kind of limited. If youre noted for selling illegal goods, youll be searched. If you refuse, the authorities attack you.8. Wanted PostersAn infamous pirate ought to have a bounty placed on him.9. Enemy Ships that Run AwayAlways the enemy fights, it makes you wonder why a gunboat would think it stands a chance.10. Pearl DivingHow about giant clams that clamp down? Pearls from giant oysters.11. LighthousesThis is synonymous with nautical games. Why isnt there a lighthouse that generates interaction?12. Milky WayIve been on a ship. The sky is very different with a lot of stars and you can see the Milk Way. This would be a wondrous visual effect.13. Ship SpecialistsQuartermaster, Doctor, Cook, etc. This is from Sid Meiers Pirates. It would be most intriguing to have a crew of heroes just like One Piece.14. Changing ShipsWhy are you stuck with just the Jackdaw? 