The funny thing about Black Flag is that its a good game because it isan Assassins Creed game. Its a good game because its an amazing pirate game.Anyways, heres my review in detail.The game takes place in the late years of the Golden Age of Piracy, the period in the late 17th to early 18th centuries where pirates prowled the Caribbean looking for loot and booty. You play as Edward Kenway, a welsh pirate who finds a clue to a hidden buried treasure known only as The Observatory. This leads him to becoming embroiled in the series endlessmatch that is the AssassinTemplar conflict.The narrative isnt game of the year stuff, but it works quite well. Edward is more focused on attaining wealth so he can go back home as a gentleman of consequence, and while he lacks the same memorable character development as Ezio, he likeable enough. His pirate buddies, like Blackbeard, Vane, and Read almost all based on historical pirates are also sufficiently entertaining. Ironically, the game and its story falters when it digs into the series mainstays of Templars and Assassins. You dont really feel attached to either of them or feel as if you want to fight for them. The story does however have a few moments that did give me the feels, a sense of loss that I wont spoil here.Gameplay wise, there are two sides to the game the on foot assassin, and the ship. All of this is refined with exploration and combat in mind.On the stealth side of things, Edward can do all the sneaking, fighting and stabbing of the previous games, with one noticeable addition that you can tag opponents so that you can see them through walls, a very handy feature. There are also plenty of places to hide in, like bushes and trees, and tools like the blowgun help you out in case you need to shut up that one guard that spotted you. Combat is also pretty much the same you aggressively fight opponents surrounding you and counters are an instant kill for the enemy, although it may be too easy at times. it has been refined a bit so that its easier to use your gadgets in a fight.The missions you get are similar to what you had in previous games, although they unfortunately still have an irritating reliance on eavesdropping and occasional forced stealth. In addition, the secondary objectives can make you want to restart a level unnecessarily although thankfully, it doesnt feel like it punishes you so much like AC3 did, although it can still be irritating.The game is also pretty damn big. Aside from the ocean, Edward visits three major settlements Havanna, Nassau and Kingston, as well a wide assortment of villages, islands and ruins. Each of the settlements has its own unique flavour to it Havanna has the tight alleyways that is rewarding to freerunners, Kingstons mix of long streets and trees make stealth interesting and Nassau is a pirate settlement of shantytowns. The jungles and islands of the seas are also fun to explore.The big shine of the game is the ship gameplay. Edward has his own ship, the Jackdaw, which he uses to explore the ocean and the Caribbean. The biggest thing to do is of course Piracy. Assuming your ship is strong enough, you can attack ships on the sea in ship to ship combat, damaging them so that you can board them, engaging in hand to hand combat until you get them to surrender. After that, you can sell off the booty for money and resources needed to upgrade the Jackdaw so that you can take on even bigger ships.Its a very fun system. Taking down a manofwar class battleship is satisfying the first time you do it. Although it does seem weird that you can board other boats and repair from them while other enemy ships are supposedly shooting at you. Ship to ship combat for the most part works. You shoot at the enemy with your cannons as well as your mortars, your fire barrels and occasionally hitting them with your ram, while adjusting for trajectores and avoiding incoming fire. It feels good to get a salvo right over the ocean waves while being sheilded from enemy fire.Aside from piracy, theres plenty of things to do out there. You can explore islands for buried treasure, raid warehouses and plantations for loot, go wreck diving for gold and hunt for artifacts to collect. Most of these tasks work because they feel like the sort of things youd want to do as a pirate. Most of the stuff is much more fun than the usual assassin stuff because theres more room for stuff ups. Theres also a hunting mechanic in which valuable pelts are used to craft and upgrade Edwards stuff. Normally this would get a rise out of me since it feels needlessly complicated, but thankfully you can buy these pelts in the stores if you want to. Theres also the usual collectible stuff that to be honest makes the game feel a little bloated.Except the sea shanties. They give your crew new songs to sing when you grab them. Believe me, you willto collect them.Finally, there is also a present day section in which the player is an employee at Abstergo Entertainment trying to make a video game from the memories of Edward. In these sections, you wander around in first person hacking into your coworkers computers when they are not around after being extorted into doing so by the IT guy.Man that does sound silly when I typed that up.I find its an improvement over the old present day storyline, as you feel like you uncover secrets whenever you find new files relating to the Templars and Assassins. The payoff at the end is still kind of stupid though.In conclusion, Black Flag is an okay assassin game while being an utterly awesome pirate game. Despite some of its flaws, I reccommend it even if youve never played the series before.