TLDR This is, as far as my experiences go, the best Assassins Creed game I have ever played. or maybe its because I have a thing for piratesthemed games, I dont know. Story is there but certainly not the best part of the game. its just there because every game needs one. its the mechanics that works so well and contents that can make you spend 100 hours to complete all things in the game, thats not including the multiplayer which I havent tried.the old and tested formula of the AC series is still there, but this time there are only 3 huge cities which still looks similar to other cities in the previous AC games and also looks similar to each other. The fun part is on the sea. It is a seamless experience that is so well implemented that it feels hasslefree and very fun at the same time. For an example, you can do an assassination side mission, then right after you kill the target you can just jump into your ship, drives away, and wreak havoc shooting every passing ship that passes by.Naval Combat is the highlight of this game for me. there are a lot of different types of weapons. Your typical round shots, chain shots, mortars, heavy shots, fire barrels, and swivel gun. you can choose what to do with an enemy ship. destroy it till it sink and get 50 of its cargo, or damage it enough to be able to board a ship kinda like in pokemon, lol. the boarding is fun, too. youll get different objectives which I think is randomized. usually youll be told to kill a certain amount of enemies depending on how big that ship is. then sometimes you are also given other minor objectives.Im sure all people who have play any AC games know the part where you have to climb up to a vantage point and synchronize to unlock the locations of all secrets in a location? its still there, but now you also have to do that on the sea, but through destroying a fort in an area. the global map is divided into about 15 parts never counted the exact amount, and each parts surface is blurred until you destroy the forts defenses and then get to the fortress and kill the commander somewhat like fighting a ship, just harder.Beside the main story and synchronizing at seas, there are tons of activities you can do when you get bored. you can find treasure maps and then look for the location, solve mayan puzzles, dive underwater to collect treasures, sneaking to a warehouse and steal materials to sell, hunting legendary ships, collect music sheets which unlocks new chants your crew sings when you are exploring the sea, hunt animals on land to unlock upgrades and craft outfits, and also harpooning sharks and whales.upgrading your ship is also essential to be able to progress through the game. you will have no chance fighting a huge ship with only a handful of cannons and low hull armor. this is part of the fun, making your ship stronger and then pawning those cocky spanish / british fleet try using your upgraded ship to destroy 3 frigates in a row, its fun !.there is also a kind of mini games where you have a fleet of ships which you can send to do shipping missions that require a certain amount of time to complete, like most social games out there. If you have friends who also play this game, they can help your ship complete the mission faster. you can add captured ships to the fleet to make them able to complete bigger missions with bigger rewards. theres also a simple turn based combat system to make a trading route safer. its pretty fun at first but in the end you just click everything and then forget about it like social games.now for the negatives. I feel that the secrets and chests you can find on the global is too scattered maybe its meant to be that way. Ive been meaning to collect everything but theres just too many things to collect Im sure its a good thing for some people.the stealth aspect felt improved but still needs some tweaking. its pretty difficult to move quickly from cover to cover when Edward wants to climb and jump on everything its annoying. not a significant problem though. 