Ive played and enjoyed this series from the beginning, until the sheer tediousness of AC3 made me decide the Assassins Creed series had run its course. Black Flag is the first Assassins Creed game Ive touched in about two years, as well as the first one I didnt play on a console.Overall, it was definitely a better experience than 3, and gave me back a bit of faith in the series as a whole.ProsYou get to be a pirateThe protagonist is FAR more likeable than whatshisname from AC3 as is the clap, but thats not relevant.Interesting characters for the most part you get to hang out with Blackbeard for a whilePiracy, shipboarding and the like. Chances are youll spend a lot more time raiding enemy vessels than you will doing the story quests.Big world, big ocean, plenty to explore. Not to mention its fairly prettylooking.Whaling. Because screw the whales, the world needs their oil more than they do.Exploring shipwrecks. Even though this was probably my least favorite side activity in the game, because EVERYTHING is out to kill you and you dont even get a knife, its still an awesome concept that most people will probably enjoy. Even I found myself enjoying it every now and then. Just watch out for those damn eels.Consuplay. We all know it, we all hate it, nuff said there.Outside the animus sequences are still a thing. This is one of those things that could be good or bad, just depending on the player. Personally I think being a pirate is much more entertaining than wandering around some office performing petty, repetitive tasks.The tutorials...oh god, the tutorials! Like 5 hours of bloody tutorial missions!The no killing civilians rule is still in effect...Im a bloody pirate, I should be able to shoot the npc whos cheating at checkers!Free running still has its issues. Youll still get stuck on corners, things like that.The frame rate. Rarely was it ever stable. though when it was, the game looked damn goodThe AI. Still not the best and the brightest, theyre easy to fool, easy to hide from...yet still have 2020 vision and can hear a pin drop during a raging storm.I might be the only one, but it REALLY bugged me that the muskets and pistols can be used with accuracy from a distance. Really kills the realism for me.Grenade spamming bad guys. Seriously, another realism killer to me, though maybe not a big deal to others.The combat. I know a lot of people describe the Shadow of Mordor combat system as being essentially ripped off from the AC series, but I have to say, Shadow of Mordor did it better. There were far too many times that I hit the counter button only to have Kenway stand there absorbing another blow to the face. That being said, on the occasions when the combat system felt like being responsive, it did have a very fluid feel and was very fun.The weather generator. As much time as Ive spent sailing in raging storms, I felt like I was playing Silent Hunter 3 sometimes. Did ubi just reuse the same weather generator? Also, my understanding is that rougue waves are a pretty rare event, yet therell be occasions where youll face 5 of them in a 3 minute period. It gets old.You could argue that Im being nitpicky about my cons list, and maybe I am. But these things bothered me the entire time Ive played this game. Despite the negatives though, I did enjoy this game. The sheer joy of being a pirate is enough to make the rest bearable, though if youre like me youre still gonna  and moan about the frequency of hurricanes.Overall, 7.5/10. Not great, but definitely fun and worth picking up, especially when theres a sale. 