This is a game that has some extremely high points and extremely low points.Lets start with the good Sailing. After the first hour or two of faffing about, the game gives you a pirate ship and sets you loose on the seas. Most of the fun times youll have in the game will be sailing around and getting into incredibly dramatic ship battles on the high seas. If youve ever played Sid Meiers Pirates! then youll be pleased to know that sailing in Black Flag is basically a modernized version of that. You have to manuever your ship to bring cannons to bear while staying out of their firing zone by managing your ships speed and manuevers.In one memorable moment, I assaulted a British fortress in the middle of a storm, riding waves and dodging artillery as a British Man O War and a pair of Frigates bore down on me. Using a wave to barrel out of the way of an artillery barrage before delivering a round of heavy guns onto a Man O Wars backside is absolutely thrilling stuff. The sailing alone is enough to make me recommend the game. Its incredibly fun and incredibly fresh.The story ignoring the modern day headache that the game insists on vomiting onto you now and again is alright, if fairly predicatable. One problem I had is telling apart the male pirates. It seemed like I killed about 8 pirate guys that betrayed me somehow and I had some sort of beef with. But I didnt really care about the details of the templar/assassin nonsense anyhow, so Ill give the story a pass. I liked James Kidd quite a bit after all.The problems with the game are basically everything else.Let me discuss the major pointsFirstWhenever you go back to land to take an assassination mission, the first thing youll be asked to do is tail and/or eavesdrop on someone. This involves jumping on a rooftop as they walk along town and needless to say every town in the Caribbean has a good five or six guards inexplicably guarding rooftops or hiding in a bush as they walk along. If you fall behind, mission failed, start again. Not fun.SecondThe land combat is ridiculously easy.I did some early assassination missions, made some gold and then bought the Wheellock Pistols, which have massive range but do less damage. Unfortunately for every Spanish soldier in the Caribbean, pistol damage meanswhen a headshot is an instant kill no matter what. For when I did do melee, I had a pair of swords that I bought in the first hour of the game that let me jump around going for a stabathon on all the bad guys without much trouble.But honestly, that wasnt even the problem. There are three points in the game where your weapons get arbitrarily taken away in an attempt to get you to use stealth, but even with just your wrist knives you can kill infinite guards with parry and break defense.Sure its fun at a visceral level to walk up to a fortress of British soldiers and kill everyone inside, but Dark Souls this aint.ThirdThe game wastes time with t.Theres this entire diving minigame with unique mechanics where youve got to dive underwater for some treasure while using air bubbles and dodging sharks. Its a terrible minigame that no one in the right mind would want to play and Ubisoft seemed to recognize this, because you only have to do it once. You can explore ship wrecks as an optional thing on your own, but its such a tedious busywork section that no one in the right mind would want to do it.Which brings us to the central point, which is that Ubisoft has no idea how to tell a good idea from a bad one.Instead of underwater travel or tailing and Im not even going to talk in any detail about the stupid ing modern day office/hacking crap, they couldve given the sailing a bit more depth and made more things to do at sea.As it stands, the game is great fun up until the point where youve got your ship upgraded to the point where you can take on two Man O Wars with ease. At that point, the game sort of peters out and youll fast travel from story mission to mission to wrap the thing up.Just goes to show that while a team behind a game might have talent, you still need a director with a coherent vision to make a game great. Without that vision, you end up with a scatterbrain game like AC Black Flag.Still, cool that a brother is heading a big video game project. Keep improving, Ashraf Ismail.