 Caribbean seas Open seas with upgradeable ship Fluent close combat Very good graphics Good variety of things you can do in this open world The story is somewhat mediocre, I was waiting for moreI almost recommend this game to any kind of gamer, its overall well doneFor people who are looking for a game which is focused in the story. This game is more about action and adventure.Considered the overall satisfying quality in this game and the vast amount of playability in this game if you want to complete all the challenges, I would say that it would take almost 100 hours to complete everything in this game. I grabbed this game for 5 in summer 2016 when it was the last time it was offered with the lowest price. In the last winter sale 2017 AC4 cost 8. Even with that sale price, its worth it!I have created following formula. The first number is potential gaming time, the second is the score which I have rated below and the last is the price breakeven point. I consider that the game is a financially good investment if it has enjoyable content for less than 10 cents per played hour.Gameplay 9/10Story 7/10Music  Sound 9/10Atmosphere 9/10Graphics 9/10Replayability 7/10Ive played Assasins Creeds 14 and this has been by far the best in the series. The biggest change in this game compared to the previous titles is open sea battles. You can fast travel to any location and start sea warfare with any vessel. Sea battles bring good variety to typical assassination tasks. You can also upgrade your ship by adding more cannons or enforcing the hull, these two just as an example. The stronger your ship, the better chance you have against those mammoth sized Manowars. Caribbean sea brings also fresh air to the Italian and Middle Eastern cities. There are some famous locations like Havanna and Kingston. Also, youll find famous historical villains like captain black beard. Apart from these, the game is otherwise quite similar to previous Assasins creeds. You have your viewpoints, assassin contracts, roof running, loot hoarding etc.I definitely recommend this to all kinds of gamers. The Caribbean seas are waiting for you! 