I dont normally review games, but I think this one deserves some attention.  A couple years back, I had gotten this game on my XBone, and I remember I rushed through the story, picking up a couple things here and there, and I loved the story, I felt connected with the characters, I remember the joy of climbing and jumping across the cities, running from Brits and Spanish, hating certain enemy types, and loving to fight others.  And I remember the final moments of the story, and I remember being at a loss for what to do, so I got the Mayan artifacts, and played around with that, and then I took a look at the world map, and saw that in order to truly finish the game I needed to do /Everything/, and I tried, but my younger self got board of it quickly, with no story to go along, I felt empty.  And so I put it down, and moved on to another game.Now, I picked it up on sale, and figured I would play it a little differently, I would throw the story aside, and do everything else, my first real try at a 100 completion.  And now that Ive logged over 100 hours in this single playthrough, Im seeing a few bugs, a few misleading ends.  But most of all, Im seeing the games story in higher detail, watching cutscenes that I would have otherwise skipped, doing the secondary and settling for nothing less of 100.  And Im remembering the connections to the characters kept, cut and lost in the story.  Im truly enjoying it, despite my rage bouts on not understanding how one thing or another works.Now, on to my version of the pros and consProsGraphics are great, its up to you mostly to notice the little thingsCombat is fairly fluidAnimations are very accurate Some bugs and glitches included, but mostly notSailing is amazing, its simple enough for anyone to doControls are nice, it gives you small popups for when to do certain actions, and it leaves quite a bit of freedom for you to play aroundLOTS of challenges, amazing time killer if you want to explore and find chests and suchGreat story If youre willing to watch the cut scenesConsUnskipable cut scenes, while watching them is nice, after replaying the same mission over and over to get 100 it gets annoying REAL fast when I have to watch the same scene over and over.Climbing where you dont want to, I dont want to scale a building, Kenway, I want to chase someo OH LOOK THEY GOT AWAY!!  WOULDNT IT BE NICE IF WE HAD CHASED HIM INSTEAD OF CLIMBING A BUILDING?!Attacking the wrong person.  The combat /is/ fluid in small group fights, but when youre boarding a ship and need to kill 20 people, the captain, and scouts, trying to focus   on the same target can be somewhat difficult and annoying, especially if its a dodger, heavy, fancypants, or really anyone other than basic footmen.Getting back to ship.  This more applies to when youre on an island, getting a single chest/other, and you have to jump off your ship, swim 10 meters 30 feet, grab the chest, then swim 20 meters 60 feet back.  Yes, a longer swim back.  The ship drifts back to avoid crashing.  And after getting over 100 things, those meters/feet add up.Combat.  If an enemy sees you, as in it gets above the yellow, you are now in combat, even if they cant get you, shoot you, or harm you in any way shape or form, Keep note of this one next time you do a sneaky mission, or a secondary objective.Too long, didnt read Loved the game then, love it more now, liked some features, got annoyed with others, good game, would recommend to anyone who likes killing, sailing, or/and sneaking.This took me so long to figure out, google isnt much help, took like an hour of looking to find this