Wonderful game, so far my favourite in the AC series.  Being a Yorkshire man living in Swansea, it was nice to see some locl colour in an internationally renowed game franchise.  I could open the window wide, let in the sea breezes to imagine I was there sailing the seas plundering as I saw fit.Until Uplay ruined it for me.  What kind of people wouldnt let Steam Cloud Save backup their save files?  Nevermind thought I, the Uplay cloud save should be alright.  How wrong I was.  After living my own little Groundhog Day scenario restarting the same point of the game repeatedly, chasing down the same assasin repeatedly, and loosing a couple of progress repeatedly I eventually disabled Uplay cloud save.  I progressed in the game.  Over 45 hours of pleasant piracy later I upgraded to Windows 10, with a clean install.As I keep all my game data on separate partitions to the Windows data I was immediately able to fire up AC4, without downloading the game data again, for some rum and sunsoaked piracy.  Or so I thought.Once more, Uplay had conspired to ruin my life.  For, you see, Uplay doesnt allow save games to be kept in the game data folder.  So I figured it would be in the Games folder of My Documents also kept on a separate partition as other save data tends to be.  But it wasnt there.Turns out, Uplay is a hoarding little git, and keeps the save games in a folder in the goddamn Program Files directory.  The one which had been wiped in the clean Windows install.So yea, thanks a very effing much, Ubisoft.  Youve ruined a perfectly good game with  attempts at what Valve already do seamlessly.  And from what the internet has informed me, this has been a problem since AC2, or thereabouts.  So its not like the frustrated cries of customers have even reached you in your golden vault of dontgiveadamn.And after scouring my hard drives with undelete programs, I cant even restore the save file to the new save game directory.Thanks a whole heap, Ubisoft.  Youve made what is possibly the most fantastic game I never want to play again.  s.