Hands down, the BEST pirate simulation game on the market. This is the game that Disney WISHES they could make with the Pirates of the Caribbean license, as it accurately models all of the appropriate kinds of things that one could ever wish for from a game about pirates. Sailing the seven seas looking for treasure? Check. Intense naval battles and skirmishes that you just manage to survive by the skin of your teeth? Check. Carousing and brawling in taverns and dives throughout the West Indies? Check, check, and check. As a pirate game, Black Flag is just about perfect. As an Assassins Creed game, well, lets just say that Ubisoft could have completely left that whole assasins versus templars subplot out of the game and none of us would have missed it. In all honesty, the AC franchise has floundered somewhat in recent chapters of the series, so if the pirating part of Black Flag werent so strong to make up for the lackluster plot contrivances of the greater mythology, I would have come away disappointed. But as it stands, Ive got alomst 100 hours in on this game, and reached 90 completion, butI could easily see myself adding to that total just trying to track down all the hidden treasures, upgrading the Jackdaw, running resources all over the world with my fleet, and plundering anything and everything that sails the open ocean. This game is amazingly beautiful as well.Not everything about it works as well as it could. The same control issues that have plagued the series from the beginning remain  Edward too often springs off in the wrong direction, or grabs a ledge when you want him to airassassinate someone, and dont even get me started on the clusterfrak that is deckfighting. And although there was some effort put towards improving stealth play, its still falling well behind games where that is the main mechanic. I still found myself much too often just saying forget it and wading in with dual swords drawn. At the very least, the number of remain undetected missions is kept to an absolute bare minimum, allowing me to enjoy the campaign without screaming obscenities at the screen so far the only real obsceneites have been directed towards the optional Legendary ships, who cheat like the floating cheaters that they are.I certainly recommend this game for fans of the series, but also for those who were never a fan of the series. Unlike previous entries, Edward Kenway is NOT an assassin, nor does he really work for them. Hes out for himself and his friends, and it just so happens that their interests align at times. Because of this, you dont need to know the backstory to understand Edwards motivations or what hes doing from moment to moment. If youre a fan of pirates at all, its well worth the price to pick up this robust game. 