THIS IS NOT A UPLAY REVIEWI bought Assassins Creed IV Black Flag. I got Super Pirate Happy HIde and Go Seek Fun Time. Pretty much every single main story mission is Tail the ....... or Eavesdrop on the ...... aside from being frustrating and horribly uncreative, its boring and takes away any desire to play the story, which otherwise was pretty good. This game got so much praise for being better than Assassins Creed III, which outside of a few parts, I found rather enjoyable. If anything this game is worse. It took all of the good parts of III and all of the bad parts of III and made them all the mediocre parts of IV. Its not the worst game Ive ever played, its just... eh.The GoodYoure a pirate and pirates are cool. You get to ride around in your very own ship plundering and listening to sea shanties sung by a half drunk crew, which is much more fun than the main missions.The story inside and outside of the animus is as good as the other games.Thats pretty much it.The MediocreIts pretty much the same as every other Assassins Creed game theres a big expansive area with a butt ton of collectables that takes you hours to collect and adds nothing to the story and a couple of smaller cities with a slightly smaller butt ton of collectables that takes you slightly fewer hours to collect and adds nothing to the story.Assassins Contracts and Naval Contracts are just, whatever. They add nothing but time to the game.Diving Bell locations, eh, whatever.The Bad and genuinely irritatingTail the  This is pretty much some part of every single main mission. Some of them are completely pointless because, more than once, you get spotted in a cutscene and have to chase the guy down anyway making yet another frustrating, idiotic Tail the bad guy mission completely pointless. This is the first Assassins Creed game, including III that I had to take a week long break from because of the repeated awful tailing missions.Eavesdrop on .......... Remember that thing from III where you had to stay in a bubble to eavesdrop on someone while staying out of sight? Theres a metric crap ton of them in this game, rather than a couple of optional objectives. If tailing missions had an inbred cousin, it would be eavesdropping missions.Assassins Creed not so much. Youre not an assassin of any variety. Remember that thing you got to do in the other games where you went sneaking around or fighting your way into a palace and killed some evil dude to stop him from doing evil things? Not this time. In fact, at a little more than the halfway point, I think Ive done an actual assassination on one guy in the main story. Everyone else who died was just killed in an epic game of Hide and Seek Deathmatch or because blow up that thar vessel because, pirates, yarrrr.Shanties, remember those awful Almanac pages from III? Theyre back, and they didnt fix the thing where your character will just randomly stop moving or dive off a cliff into a pack of bad guys either. However, at least you get something for collecting them this time and if you just stand where they spawn for five minutes you can just instantly get it when it reappears.Hunting, remember that thing that was really boring and pointless from III? Its back and its still really boring and pointless. But you need the stuff to upgrade your gear you say? Nope, because you can just buy it at a store with the money you gained plundering. Making it more pointless than a new pencil.If you really like following some guy really close, but not too close, without being seen, this game might be right for you. If all you want to do is plunder and sail around in you pirate ship, Its pretty fun. As far as being an Assassins Creed game, its not even as good as III. Its a shame the developers put no thought into the actual story missions because the story itself is pretty good but endless tailing and eavesdropping ruins the experience. If you really must play it, get it on a really good sail.Get it? sail.Because its sale but its a pirate game...Did you get it?