Assassins Creed is a series that every gamer has heard of, and one most have tried but up until now I have somehow avoided it, without trying to. I opted to start with Black Flag due to the fact pirates are cool, and thats as good of a reason as any in my book! I also read plenty of reviews and most people rate Assassins Creed II and Black Flag as the best in the series and I liked the look of Black Flag more.Now, I have to say I like elements of it but overall its not quite as good as I was expecting for a number of reasons. First off, I had no idea the games were a simulation and you were just some guy logging into the world for research purposes, this completely threw me off and was one of the reasons I couldnt really get into the game. For example, I was just starting to get into the story which I enjoyed, mostly when suddenly Im told to log off of my workstation and walk around the office to access a colleagues computer to hack into their email, Iyou not, I had to stop being a pirate to go read ing emails. Every time I was brought back into the real world it completely killed any story immersion and ruined the overall experience.A big selling point of Black Flag was the naval combat system and honestly, I didnt enjoy it, especially in the beginning when your ship is without upgrades. And speaking of upgrades, as I chose not to do all the side fluff I was extremely low on currency which meant my ship was always under geared for quests and I was often told to upgrade the Jackdaw before continuing. I also found myself unable to afford new pistols and swords which was a shame.In comparison I did enjoy the melee combat system though, while its simple and does get repetitive after awhile it is satisfying and fun, jumping off a building and skewing two guards on your way down never got old throughout my playthrough. It would have been nice to gain access to combos and special moves as you progressed later in the game which never happened, something which Mad Max did really well, it would have helped with the combat feeling stale after awhile. Another big part of the game other than hand to hand combat was the parkour, you can run across rooftops, climb up towers, swing from trees and go almost anywhere you want to, but at the same time it does feel very scripted in a way. For example I wanted to climb up through a window but the game wouldnt let me until I took one shimmy to my right, there was no reason for this, Edward could have clearly gotten through the window where I asked him to but the game just wasnt coded to allow it, stuff like this happened all the time and it was quite frustrating.A huge plus for the game was the voice work, especially Matt Ryan Constantine as Edward, but the entire cast was well voiced and it really helped to push the story which sadly felt fragmented due to the way it was told. You would often skip ahead in time and find yourself in a new area after jumping on your boat and sailing out to sea. I felt this really made the story confusing at times. This coupled with the immersion killing real life sequences definitely hurt what could have been a very enjoyable story overall.Technically the game worked fine for me, its 2 years old now so youd expect it to but even with a GTX 970 I had to turn off physx entirely, as well as lowering a few settings to maintain 60fps 99 of the time  1080p. The ingame vsync did cause issues though, the game uses double buffering which meant whenever I dropped even a couple of frames the FPS would drop to a locked 30fps. To fix this I had to disable vsync ingame and force it along with triple using D3DOverider. Overall the game looked and ran nicely with a little tweaking so I cant complain too much on this front.Overall the game was OK, it didnt blow me away but it did do enough to keep me interested in the series and I will be moving onto Syndicate next which apparently fixes some of the issues I had with Black Flag, especially the real life segments which are now relegated to short cut scenes instead of lengthy playable sections. Hopefully Ubisoft will scrap the whole simulation angle in the next game and just stick to being period themed throughout. 