I havent played this game 160 hours, more like maybe 2530Great ambience, soundtracks, sea shanties, and you feel like an actual pirate until you do any parcouring around. Pirates dont parcour, thats ridiculous.Pros1. You get to wear a pirate costume with the DLC2. Double assassinations are awesome3. hunting animals is hilarious running full speed after a deer with a pair of swords or shooting a monkey out of a tree never gets old4. Pirate ship and Kenway are highly upgradeable, and most upgrades are needed if you want to fight ships/ forts by seaa This makes currency and resources actually useful in the game5. 4 monster ships to fight if you really feel like an epic navy battle with a fully upgraded ship6. Story is above average, and has actual historical figures in it  albeit drags on a little too long7. Landscape is beautiful for when game was made and very large. Theres tons of sidequests and places to explore everywhere8. Shark/ whale Hunting brings me back to the lake boss in RE49. Sneaking around is actually more time effecient sometimes, which gives you motivation to be a sneaky assassin.10. Sneaking around and watching the crap you can get away with with the AI is fun11. The crew cheers whenever you take the wheel12. Your character noticeably evolves along with the story13. Your crew member that operates the swivel cannons has the best pirate voice of all timeCons1. Parrying and running from combat is highly overpowered in this game. You can fight literally 20 people at once by parrying and if you dont feel like it, just peace out and everything will be k. This makes combat feel stale real quick. If you dont fear death, and you can just run, I found myself running to objectives and just killing everyone, or hiding quickly and activating objectives instead of sneaking.2. Smokebombs are ridiculously overpowered3. Following missions are usually pretty slow and boring especially following ships around zzzz4. Game froze on me several times when leaving store houses press shift  space5. I have a great gaming rig, and my land FPS was around 30 at all times.6. Upgrading ship can take a lot of grinding, and boarding ships gets old after awhile7. Only 5 common enemy types8. Dissapointing ending9. You have to navigate around an office. If I wanted to do that, Ill just go to work. All out of simulation parts of this game are downright awful. Yes great, youre a french company we get it.8/10 