Assassins Creed black flag, A game hyped by many for venturing into an area many games avoid focusing on and rather have them as a passing thing while also using the open world system. I agree I am very happy that a free roaming pirate game exists as its one of my dream games, unfortunately this failed to reach my expectations. It is NOT a bad game, in fact I quite enjoyed it however it does have some issues people need to be warned about.First, You are not a pirate, you are an assassin who sails ships. At no point did I feel like a pirate on foot. The ship to ship battle felt great but yes this is an assassins creed game, You will feel like an assassin not a pirate while on foot. Not a big issue and probably adds to the combat system that would be rather dull without it. You also get two swords....not a big issue for some but i always felt pirates should only use 1 sword, multiple pistols and possibly a knife. this is nitpicking but whatever my reviewSPOILER WARNINGSecond issue I felt needed to be addressed was the story, It starts off strong you are not the center of the world, you are just a regular pirate who gets ship wrecked with an assassin, you eventually steal his outfit so that you can collect the reward he was supposed to. now this part makes you feel like you are playing a pirate game, as you are doing this to get money, your character even demonstrates this by tossing away the dead assassins wrist blades. however it just goes down after a while. Characters die and you dont really care even for the big badpirates like Black Beard because you never do anything with them. Each character that is supposed to be this big important character goes on one trip with you and thats about it, other than that they just kinda bark at each other then ask you to fix it. I mean if a pirate game cant get me to care even a little bit when Black Beard dies why the hell should i care about the others?! How about you remove some of the boring quests where i go and stab a dude because he slapped a  who laughed at hissize and give these characters some quests?! Let me do a repeat quest with Black Beard where me and him sail out to capture a large fleet and sink them, or something i mean Jesus these characters are so boring the parts where I should be sad for them is dull because none of them did anything other than stand next to me on a ship and say shoot at dat ting over der or follow de shipzEND OF SPOILERSThird is the equpment, While this game does have a large variety of equipment to use it sadly falls kinda flat, you typically will only use 3 weapons, your wrist blades, your pistols and your beserker darts. the wrists blades act like swords lettting you block attacks and kill people this is a huge flaw as it means your swords are pointless, in fact several times you lose your swords and have to use only the wrist blades, they could have fixed this by removing the ability to block with them. Your pistols can one shot anyone but a captian and brutes, however they can be fired rapidly and have large stores of ammo, this means weaker enemies quickly get shot down to peices, this isnt an issue really but honestly you wont really wanna use anything else because you can just skip down the road killing anything and everyone in your path the second they try to do something. And finally the Beserker darts, these things start off seemingly harmless till you realize when you need to kill someone you can easily just shoot them with one, and boom they go off and start trying to punch armed guards to death with results in them dying from battle Or if there are no guards left it starts a simple like 5 second timer where they isntantly die when its over. Because they have about the same range as the pistols and are totally silent you end up using them as distractions and to thin guards numbers with ease. Eventually you can have an entire fort fighting itself to death while you quietly wittle another dark in the brush, this weapon is almost game breaking, it would be easily fixed by not working on assassination targets but even then you could just shoot all his buddies and watch them kill each other.Lastly is just the overall feel to the game, It does feel like a pirate game sometimes but most of the time you just feel like you are driving a big lumbering taxi to your next assassination location so you can then run around and get ing stuck on every little corner ledge while you are trying to follow someone. btw the controls are....assassins creed. I need not say more for others who have played these games on pc The crew feels lifeless and dead if not useless, they rarely help in a fight other than to distract enemies, the first ship i took i didnt realize i could dock so i jumped onto it then killed everyone myself as it was a small ship, then i realized i could dock and took it without issue. They dont explore the ports you visit, they just sit on the ship and rub the cannons...it gets creepy if you watch them do it for a few minutes. It also is quickly ruined by the fact you are still not just In the past exploring, You are somewho repeatedly has to get out of the pirate world to walk around and play boring minigames so some grumpy  on the other end of your ipad or whatever will stfu and let you get back to cutting open the bellies of guards. Seriously Ubisoft, no one gives 2 flying  about this boring office slavery fetish you got going on, we dont play your games to listen to modern people flap their exposition lips about stuff that Does NOT affect the stuff that happens in the virtual DNA t machine. Sadly VooDoo is not present, i mean clearly the Ancient aliens guy is more interesting and plausible than say just having one or two witch doctor characters who can help add to the atmosphere of the game. Also really irked I cant switch ships, i mean the one you give me is fine, but I would love to be able to sail other ships around or at least be able to upgrade my ship to a galleon after i fully upgraded it.Let me be clear, I do like this game, I am recommending it to Assassins creed fans and pirate fans who understand its not a full fledge pirate game, Its an assassins creed game before its a pirate game. Overall Id give it a 7/10 with 5 being average, its a great game but its not what I was looking for.