Where do I start with a game like Assassins Creed IV Black Flag?This game is utter bliss in true gaming form, Ive much to say and go on about this specific title in the franchise.Since Assassins Creed II, many fans go about claiming AC III is horrible and a franchise killer claiming that none will ever match the greatness of AC II and that the Assassins Creed franchise is a dying breed. Let me put it to you like this, Black Flag is the best thing to happen to this franchise since II.Why do I like AC IV Black Flag? Well Ill tell ya!First lets start with the story Not the games strong point at all but it is interesting and very thoughtful some times.The story seems to be primarily in the Animus not the real world so I will begin with Edwards story the animus then head into the real world protagonist.Edwards story has been the most interesting storyCreed has seen since the Ezio days Even though Ill admit to not being a fond fan of Ezio, I felt Connor was better than him and Altair in general is my favorite assassin. The story handles all sorts of cool things. It touches up on pirates like Black Beard, Benjamin Hornigold, Calico Jack, and plenty of other cool pirates. One of the best things about the story are the interactions Edward has with other pirates and enemies alike. The story does a good job at displaying the growth Edward has through out the journey and just how much youve done to affect the world hes in, positively and negatively. As for the Templar propaganda and all the cool illusive things about the oldCreed story lines, they take place outside the Animus you wont really be finding any cool intrigue in Edwards story though it is a good one.Animus Story very interesting actually. This one takes place after the death of Desmond and touches up on the many secrets of Abstergo and their new Animus projects. Most of the story here is within secrets, like sticky notes and hacked computers that display little secret conversations and things alike. If youre just following the story and doing none of the side stuff in the real world, its a shame to say but youre just not playing the full real story. Theres juicy stuff here!Story Summary 7.510 Pretty good, just not memorable or something new to the franchise.Next up, Gameplay. Assassins Creed Black Flag refined gameplay for AC in general. The game controls and plays the same way as AC III which to some may be a good thing, I for sure liked the controls and free running of III and very much enjoyed the combat system from III which is also returned and refined in Black Flag. The game has a much stronger emphasis on ship combat this time, everything from getting money, to progressing across the world is done on that ing ship. To be honest, the ship battles were fun and interesting in AC III and the earlier parts of this game, it did not have to become a main point seller of the damn game. You cant whipe yourwith out paying 2,000 and having abundant amounts of wood and metal in the ing bathroom so you can whipe your shipstoo. It is a lot of fun to use the Jackdaw later on when youve pimped it out to near incredible stats. Ship boarding is also a new system in Black Flag, and damn they are fun. Sure they get boring and repetitive, some times tedious, but honestly the rewards you get out of boarding is amazing. Ship combat can become very overwhelming, even when youre OP as . Large ships in a large group can and will  you over, especially in the earlier parts of the game. Most of the Jackdaws and Edwards upgrades can be unlocked by getting secret blueprints across the caribbean and trust me they are the most annoying things to go out of you way to collect. I also hated hunting in this game, I felt it just restricted me from simply paying for an upgrade. Freaking metal and wood farming for the Jackdaw just ing blows. But theres lots to do in Black Flag too! Assassination contractions have returned from the older AC games and theyre rewarding! Theres  loads of collectibles and exploration to just be done here. Tonsa fun to be had!Gameplay 610, it would be higher but the problems Ive had were far more daunting than most of the fun Ive had. Its sill damn good fun though.Graphics are next. Assassins Creed games have never been ugly games, Black Flag is a wonderful example of the best of last gen graphics. Playing this game on high graphics is just mesmerizing. From the beautiful sky boxes, to the wonderful storm effects, the most wonderful water graphics, environments, and most character models Black Flag just has plain beautiful graphics. It may lag your computer like monster though!Graphics 910, definitely beautiful game.Sound and Music in Black Flag I feel is just plain forgettable. While the sounds of stuff and ship battles are just jaw droppingly awesome, the thing is most of them are recurring noises from Assassins Creed III and previous titles. Theres not much new to the sound system. As for music? What music? Theres music?! AC IV has some great battle tunes and indeed does have wonderful ambient tunes playing around the cities like Kingston and Nassau, but besides those and the wonderful ship shanties this game has a lack luster soundtrack. Tavern musics also pretty good but just not game saving.Sound and Music 410, a definite dissappointment from a franchise that has been known for having good music in their games.In conclussion, Assassins Creed IV Black Flag is a must buy for those whom are Asssassins Creed fans in the like. Its also a perfect game to get into the franchise with because it cuts off most of the old storyline from the previous games and gives gamers a fresh new canvas to enjoy. It is a memorable game in almost every form with most of the gripes Ive had with it being forgotten by the time Ive finished it. Its just masterful at heart and you can tell Ubisoft was making a game for its fans to enjoy, not for anything else. Thats just what theyve achieved and its what makes this game the second best in its franchise.Overall Score 8.510, must play and a definite pick up! 