A truly worthy addition to the Assassins Creed franchise.I had basically given up on the series after playing 11 hours of AC3 and becoming bored with it, but this game has fixed a lot of the technical issues and created an interesting main character with a beautiful and exciting world to explore. Being able to seamlessly transition from land to sea makes the ship portions feel a lot smoother, rather than in AC3 where they were basically glorified minigames.Ah, minigames. This is my big minus for the game while many of the animus portions are fun and exciting, when the game forces you into the real world and makes you do pointless and frustrating minigames, the game really takes a plunge in funness. Honestly, I dont care about any of the real world storylines in Assassins Creed I just want to kill people in cool historical periods. This would be a perfect game if the real world portions were gone.I felt that Edward Kenway was one of the more likeable characters since Ezio. He has a good range of emotion, and lets face it, hes kind of a badass.The world is huge, beautiful, and truly fun to explore. I felt motivated to actually visit many of the islands and do a lot of the side activites, unlike other games where these just seem pointless. I also had a really good time collecting all of the outfits for some reason, that just felt fulfilling to wear something that represented a feat.This game also hits the full range of missions that you are used to in an Assassins Creed game. There are tailing missions, eavesdropping, capturing forts, solving puzzles, climbing huge ancient structures, rescuing hostages, assassinating people at their own fancy parties, and a whole slew of new shipbased missions which employ similar concepts.I could go on and on, but I will just say that if you like the Assassins Creed games, or if you just like pirates in general, this is definitely a game to play. Also, if you are worried about performance, there are some fixes available online, so use google to your advantage if you have any framerate issues. 