08 November 2015 UPDATE  Again, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. Ubisoft STILL has utterly failed to correct their major game save issues. Regardless of whether or not you use or disable their horrible cloud save feature, your games will STILL randomly disappear with no hope of recovery. I am at my wits end with these thieves. They absolutely refuse to respond to anybody a huge number of people who have had this problem with anything other than a canned reply about were sorry but your saves cant be recovered even if the damned inquiries have nothing to do with recovering game saves, but are asking if and when they are ever going to fix this gamebreaking issue.Whats more, they seem to have changed how the game is saved, so while previously, there was a possibility of recovering your game saves if you were lucky, that now seems to not be the case.Over two years in, its clear what their answer is  NO, they are NOT going to fix it. Ive tried playing this game on three different operating systems and two different computers Windows 7, 8 and now, 10 and I have the same problem over and over and over.Take your money elsewhere. Ubisoft does NOT deserve your money and YOU dont deserve to have to deal with thier absolute indifference to their customers and their horrificly broken games.I say all this with a very heavy heart, because in the time I have been able to spend playing Black Flag, I absolutely LOVED it, but I simply cannot support a game and its developer when they are uncaring s whose only concern is to pocket as much of your money as they can before moving onto their next monthly installment of Assassins Creed.Warning  this game WILL eat your game saves, it is inevitable and is happening on a mass scale and Ubisoft doesnt appear to care, based on their very few comments on the problem.I really enjoy the naval aspect of the game, although I wish that there were more ship types. There is not a very large variety at all. Also, too many bonuses and unlocks for the multiplayer side of the game, which I dont really care about ESPECIALLY because there is NO naval aspect to MP at all, only running around on land. I dont play a singleplayer story for hours and hours only to earn useless costumes and other crap for multiplayer, thanks...Also, almost all the DLC and the crap you get with the preorders is almost all MP content only. I was under the impression that it was for the singleplayer campaign as it was marketed that way.Also, after putting in over 200 hours on this game even though Im just over 50, which goes to show I really enjoy playing this game Uplay and/or the game decided it today, for no apparent reason, to completely wipe my game save. I booted it up to play today and its simply gone without a trace. WTF.UPDATE  after further research, its stunning how many people are also having their game saves wiped. I dont recommend this game solely because of this MAJOR problem. Trust me, you dont want to be like me and all the other countless people having this problem and spend 200 hours of your life doing something that some crappy software that is forced on you Uplay is going to nulify on a whim. Their cloud storage system is a gimmicky piece of crap that will ruin your week.Im sorry I spent as much money as I did on this game and all their BS DLC, the majority of which is not useful for ANYTHING in the game. This is probably the last Ubisoft game Ill be buying unless they get their act together, as their past games have also had issues like this.FINAL UPDATE  for others whove been screwed out of their game saves, one possible way o recover your saves that worked for me is as followsJust for future reference for anybody that is searching for answers on how to recover a lost game save1 Navigate to CProgram Files x86Ubisoft2 right click the Ubisoft Game Launcher folder and choose properties3 Click Previous Version4 Hopefully there is a pervious version backed up. if so you can double click it in the list.There will be a folder in there with a long chain of numbers as its name. Inside there will be one or more folders with a couple numbers for their name. These are the gamesaves for whatever Ubisoft games you have. BLACK FLAGS gamesave folder is 437. Copy that one and replace your current damaged one. 