Where to start? For a bit of context, I have not yet played AC Rogue or Unity.For those who dont know, you play as a pirate, and a lot of the assassinthemed gameplay prevalent in the previous titles has taken a backseat to the updated naval combat mechanics from AC3. And honestly, its for the better. Youll still be doing the classic freerunning and assassinating, but the focus generally seems to have moved to good ol plundering and looting on the high seas with your very own ship the Jackdaw.The sailing mechanics, while not completely realistic, are a lot of fun and have a surprising amount of player feedback for an Assassins Creed game. After you severely damage enemy ships with the impressive range of weaponry equipped on the Jackdaw, youll be given an opportunity to board it. This brings up a short sequence of miniobjectives that have an atmosphere oozing with piratey goodness swinging from ropes, blasting soldiers with broadside cannons and an amazing soundtrack which feel absolutely exhilarating at times.Successfully taking over ships gives you materials that can be used to help upgrade the Jackdaw. Cloth, wood and metal are each used in reasonably balanced upgrade trees that lead through a satisfying and addictive progression system. And yes, it is addictive. I spent many hours gathering the materials required to max out my mortar so I could demolish some of the games many naval bases easily. For the first time ever in an Assassins Creed game, I actually wanted to collect money to buy things.Now, onto the story. You play as Edward Kenway, a greedy pirate looking to make a quick buck after acquiring an Assassins uniform and also the grandfather of AC3s Connor. Ed is easily the best protagonist in the series to date, and Id even go as far to say hes more fun than Ezio. He just doesnt give a damn about anything, especially early in the game. This is a refreshing perspective and one of the many great things with the story. The dialogue is also great its filled with plenty of pirate slang and less WHERE IS CHARLES LEE?! Theres also a great host of supporting characters, which I would say is probably a first for the franchise.Unfortunately, the story still has problems. The modernday Animus stuff is still here, and although its been thankfully toned down a great deal, it still butchers the pacing and immersion. I used to enjoy the modernday story, but after the horrendously bad ending of AC3, I just dont give a damn anymore and Im sure many other people would be more than happy to see it just go away forever and focus on the historical time periods. Besides that, Black Flag seems to have some trouble spelling out specific details that are important to the plot, leaving some sequences a bit of a mess because things are poorly explained and/or illogical. It baffles me that they still havent figured out a way to make a 2 year timeskip not feel like a 2hour timeskip. A simple Two years later screen will fix this issue, Ubisoft!Otherwise, the story is quite good by Assassins Creed standards. Memorable characters with solid voice acting are the real appeal here.As great as the naval combat is, it certainly feels held back be being an Assassins Creed game. Namely due to the fact that the awkward freerunning mechanics andpoor combat are largely unchanged from AC3. Its always infuriating when the shoddy controls make Edward run up the side of a wall instead of around a corner thanks to a minute level of imprecision, and even worse when you try to jump down to a slightly lower ledge but instead leap off the building like a suicidal maniac. And the combat? Lets just say that they desperately need to update this. Its essentially a glorified quicktime event where enemies line up in a single file and dive into your sword like a bunch of lemmings. Even the naval combat, despite being generally very good, suffers from being too easy and a bit shallow.Regardless, these issues are tolerable. Theres plenty of fun to be had in the Caribbean, which by the way, is absolutely gorgeous. The city of Havana in particular rivals Florence and Venice from AC2 as one of the most stunning locations yet. The map is also cluttered with a daunting amount of side missions. Most of these feel a bit samey, but they do offer some unique challenges, such as attempting to decipher a crudely drawn treasure map. Aside from the naval combat sequences which make up at least 50 of the game, most of the missions are what youd expect from an Assassins Creed game kill suchandsuch, jump in that bale of hay, and follow the paranoid Templar for five minutes unfortunately, it feels like Black Flag has a higher number of those tedious tailing missions than previous iterations. Which a few glaring exceptions, the optional objectives are much more reasonable and enjoyable this time around. No more swim across the river without getting wet crap.I had a few bugs and framerate issues, but thankfully it seems much more stable than AC3, which was ludicrously unpolished. This is definitely a step in the right direction for a series thats becoming stale. I really wish theyd improve the awkward controls at the very least, and make a fullyfledged pirate game unrelated to the Assassins Creed brand.Something like a 7.5/10 for this one. 