The short of it isPerformance wise, Ive heard there are some glitches, but never saw anything that stood out. I never had any real problems aside from the usually odd jump mechanics, which are better in this title than the title that came before black flag, and easy to adjust to anyhow. It plays smoothly, has decent enough graphics and unlimited baddies to wack if your feeling blood thirsty.It can be a little grindy for some folks, but with so much to do, I didnt really notice. Also, no serious gamer is a fan of UPlay imo, but otherwise I really have no complaints. Even then, UPlay at least allows you to share rare finds with friends, which is an interesting feature.Black flag is an atmospheric AC game that wont feel very linear, as there is tons to do and it makes use of its rather open world quite well. Ive had loads of fun with it and I highly reccomend it.Long VerisionEver played an Assassins creed game and got frustrated with with the limits of the asassin code? I did. Thank god for black flag!AC games can be a hit or a miss, but even in the good ones sometimes you are left going for crying out loud! Im an assassin! What care I about the common folk?! In older titles, it seems like for every enemy its okay to kill, there seems to be 20 civillans in the way and well, mistakes happen. Mistakes that would cost you because the commoners tend to get in the way.Well, you might not get to stab a bunch of innocents in this verision of AC ethier.. but for once, you wont notice. Black flag is definitely a title for those who want to cut loose. The civillans rarely get in the way here. They are spaced out nicely while still feeling kind of like a dense population and there are baddies a plenty.The hero character of the hour, Edward, is also not your typical assassin from the order. He cares a whole lot less about all that honor talk, perferring the sound money makes. He has no qualms about killing for some coin and he gets away with it. Why? In ACBF you play as a pirate who is pretending to be one of the assassins and therefore is not fully bound by the code.And when I say your not bound, I mean by the assassins code or anything else. Black flag isnt just about hunting that templar scum. Sure, its in there, but as a sailor, you soon will find you have wide swaths of ocean to travel with plenty of side actitvies to do.. some of which are locked behind story missions, yes, but the game gets rolling quickly and everything is open fairly early on without ruining progression.Want to upgrade your weapons? Go for it.. but youll want to hunt that animal down to do it.. after all, you need its skin.. and different animals means areas of travel and tactic. Want to hunt a whale? Well, are your harpoons up to snuff? What about your rowboat? For that matter, what about your main ship? Is it strong enough to face the might of the sea?You do want to loot miltary ships of all that heavy gold, sugar, cannon shot and metal dont you? Or were you just after boarding the scuttled enemy ship so you could fight them hand to hand, walking amongst them like the god of death your feared to be? Well, then you better buy a decent sword and cloak to look the part!And did I mention the songs your crew will sing as you sail the ocean, which you have to chase down to unlock? What about the forts you can wage battle against, or the ability to dock into a town and go hunting for soliders or raiding stock houses?What about a trading minigame that allows you to capture ships and make them work for you in real time? Its a good way to make some coin while your working that 9 to 5 job that paid for the game in the first place. But then, maybe your just a landlubber who likes to gamble on british checkers. Yeah, it has that too.All the while, the usual AC goodies are there in the missions with a decent story and some fun sneakiness if you want it. Yes, if you want it.. most of the missions dont require you to be sneaky. Its a bonus, nothing more.. but might make things easier on you if your smart about it.  Black flag typically lets you play your way.Plus.. did I mention treasure hunts? Because what is a pirate without some buried tresure maps?On the modern day side of the story, your a promising intern at Astergo Entertainment. So when you want to step out of the animus your simulator and go back to  modern day, thats fine too. It has its own little story to tell, which leads to several easter eggs from the older AC titles.. making black flag a great game to start on if your a little behind or even new to the assassins creed games.