There is a lot to say about Assassins Creed IV Black Flag. You have a vast open world, in which you can travel by foot or by sea. You can either be stealth or brutal in your tactics. You can be the Devil of the Seven Seas or a vigilante of the nations and inspire freedom to your crew.The graphics are absolutely amazing. Ive always admired water textures in video games and other than Skyrim this has been the best Ive seen by far. The sails of the ships and the gusts of wind that push them across the watery abyss. The environmental hazards of the sea rouge waves and cyclones that rip apart everything in its path. The smallest island to the largest populated city. This game has a realistic and unique quality.The Gameplay is excellent. The Pirate story line is something that someone can only imagine. Sure, they have movies, other pirate games, etc. But I never have felt the true pirate experience. The Assassin, Edward Kenway, is an amazing addition to the Creed Line. The battles on Land are just as expected as an Assassins Creed game, but with new tools, outfits and other additions. The Ship Battles are an amazing feature. Theres a lot you can choose from to fix it up how you like. Some of the things you love, must be found or conquered to be added upon your ship.The Present Day story line was rather interesting. Some of it made sense and the rest of it did not. Its pretty expected to be confused about it, because you have no idea who youre character is. Sample 17 is the bloodline from Subject 17. So, as far as it is concerned. The character you are in control of, does not have any connection to the bloodline. You are just going back into Subject 17s ancestral line. Hopefully something will have mention in Unitys Present Day.The mulitplayer I couldnt really get into. I think its fun to play with other people, but I dont think they have mastered this quality in their industry yet. They still have some things they need to work on for multiplayer that will appeal and increase their community and fanbase. With Unity on its way, I do believe CoOp is their greatest option for the moment, until they can figure out what to fix in their multiplayer services.All in All. Best Assassins Creed since Altair. 5/5 Singleplayer, 2/5 Online Experience. 