Black Flag is probably the closest thing weve gotten to a tripleA pirate simulator.Anyone whos played an Assassins Creed game will note that Black Flag is much different than the others. Where previous iterations of the game where about joining or becoming an Assassin, Edward Kenway is through and through a pirate yes, the Assassins are there as support, but Edward is a character who just uses their gadgets to further his own ends. This is a nice twist from the usual formula, and makes the game feel different compared to other entries where the Assassins are the main focus.Yet Black Flag is also extremely welcoming to newcomers, and it is not required to play previous iterations of the game to understand the situation of the current character. If a player were to pick up Assassins Creed for the first time, either Assassins Creed II or IV would both be great starting points, as both games were executed very well and do not require any other game to understand.Back to Black Flag, the games highlight is its emphasis on naval combat. Sailing the seas is a pleasure, with large waves changing the elevation of the ships it even changes combat, as it allows ships to fight at different elevations from each other. Storms are intimidating and exciting, with rogue waves and waterspouts threatening to capsize the ships in its path fights can be won by simply avoiding the hazards presented. Actually fighting other ships feels tactical  ships are slow, lumbering creatures, and their positions relative to each other determines how good a shot one can pull off, and different upgrades will determine whether yours is a ship that prefers long range barrages or ramming into enemies.As to be expected, you also have the ability to board ships. I wish I could find a game I could compare it to, but I do not have one AC IV does it with a unique flare. The standard way to take over a ship is to simply board it with your crew and take enough lives that the rest of the ship surrenders, but this can be done in a number of ways. For instance, before the ships get close enough, one can use a swivel cannon to thin the numbers from range. As well, one does not simply have to jump on the enemy ship ropes are available that can allow one to swing onto the enemy ship, potentially with an air borne strike involved. There are also plenty of ways to access the mast of both your own ship and that of the enemy including jumping between the two, adding a vertical element to the assault using the games freerun system from this position, players get a view of the battle and can knock out enemy snipers, snipe barrels of gunpowder down below, or jump onto enemies for an air borne assassination.As a departure from the rest of the series, Black Flag emphasizes social stealth IE hidding in a crowd less than other iterations of Assassins Creed. Where Ezio from AC II blended in with the population to avoid being recognized by the guards, Black Flag seems to prefer to give the character bushes and trees to hide in. This is not wrong in and of itself, but social stealth has always been a highlight of the series, and while it is definitely present especially for certain side missions, it does not present itself all that much in the main quest. If theres one criticism to be had here, is that enemies seem a bit deaf and dumb  they cant hear Edward most of the time only gunshots and loud assassination techniques like air strikes or tackles, they are easy to trick into coming into assassination range, and very few enemies have a sight range that actually matters.The games difficulty is selfimposed the experience changes based on how a player accomplishes their objective. Stealth without added tools is the most difficult, requiring players to be smart and calculating in order not to be spotted. Yet most of the games content can be cleared fairly easily with a upfront combat approach, which allows one to mow down dozens of enemies easily. Arobatics are also possible, allowing one to soar up and around enemies for a midlevel difficulty when combined with stealth. However, having combat being so easy is arguably a downside after all, why call it a stealth game when brute force works better to carefully planned and patient stealth assaults? This has always been a bit of a flaw in the AC series, but it is perhaps most prevalent in Black Flag.The game is also full of fridge logic moments  little quirks that hit you when youre thinking about them after youre done playing. Logical misteps done for the sake of improved gameplay I can understand, but you will find a few moments in the series where something just doesnt make sense, like why the Courier you have to tackle shouts Its Captain Kenway! Run! before Edward ever becomes a Captain.Speaking of side activities, thats another strength of the game. Black Flag is the kind of game where a player almost does not want to ever use the fast travel system because of the sheer amount of fun and interesting side activities. The sea boasts ships to pirate, whales to harpoon, treasure to dive for, islands with loot, and all other sorts of optional activities that could be missed with fast travel. As for the land, there are a plethora of things to collect, including shanties which allow your crew to sing different sea shanties popular during the 18th century while sailing. There are side missions involving the assassins as well, each with their own little story to them and a final reward if you can finish them. There are also a few sets of extradifficult activities too, including the hunt for Legendary Ships if you thought the game was getting too easy, just try to hunt one of these beasts down. The game has copious amounts of side content and hidden areas that are not only plentiful but actually fun players can get absolutely lost in these side objectives for hours, making this a very powerful strength of the game.Like other tripleA games these days however, you will have to get used to the UI doing a bit of hand holding, constantly reminding you what you can and cant do. A minor quirk, but annoying.And there you have it. Would I recommend Assassins Creed IV Black Flag? Yes Id recommend it to someone whos played others before, and Id recommend it to those who have never played an AC game. AC IV is a fantastic game, and it sets a standard for what naval battles should look like in other games as well. It is expansive, detailed, beautiful and imaginative through and through. While it could have done some things to make it truly excellent, it is still an experience that shouldnt be passed over.