Assassins Creed IV Black Flag is a sequel to Assassins Creed III The reason it is a sequel has to do with modernday storyline. This game goes one century back in 17th Century during the Golden Age of Piracy as you play as Edward Kenway, the father of Haytham Kenway, thus the Grandfather of Ratonhnhakton/Connor The Protagonist of Assassins Creed III.VisualsThe setting is beautifully made with realistic looking oceans and breathtaking landscapes. The color and beauty is quite well made, it feels like the beauty I once saw in Assassins Creed II. Each major locations look unique to each other. For Example, Havana has blockly colorish clay houses with sandy streets, Nassau looks like a jungle mix with towns, and Kingston has colorful yet similar Buildings like the ones in Assassins Creed III. Everything is made pretty darn well.GameplayIt has retain the same concepts in Assassins Creed III, but much more improved. Hiding in bushes will not always protect you now as enemies will not only search bushes, but can spot you quickly if they are near enough to see you. Combat System has been improved and difficulty is balanced. The new Freeaim system works very well and bodyshooting enemies will not always kill them, so headshots are mostly necessary and reloading the guns are quick and easy. There are changes for the enemies combat as well. They have the ability to tackle you down during a chase, enemies such as Scouts and Captains can attack you in free flow combat similar to what Connor does in Assassins Creed III. Sharpshooters tend to shoot at you from above and stays there even if you are hiding. The stealth system seems to have Improved and for me it was enjoyable. Naval Combat is the key in this game. Edwards Ship, The Jackdaw, will be greatly relied on and if you enjoyed Naval Combat in Assassins Creed III, then you will love this as well. Your ship can shoot cannons with correct aiming, Swivel guns aim perfectly, you can shoot fire barrels from behind and shoot chain shots from the front and with some more upgrades, you can use mortars and upgraded rams. These are useful when fighting tougher ships like Man O Wars. You can now plunder ships when the ship is damaged enough. No cutscenes play during the plundering and moments like these are great. The Wanted System will not apply on land, however it will apply on the sea. As long as you keep plundering ships, your noteriety will increase, which will result pirate hunters to go after you. The higher the noteriety, the bigger the ships will come, and more difficult it becomes. The Crafting System is encouraged so you may have more guns to carry, more health to gain, more ammo to hold, and so on. You can craft simply through the pause menu. You need materials which leads to Hunting, which encouraged to hunt animals such as Iguanas, Deers, Monkeys, and even Crocodiles. If you go further, you can even hunt sea creatures such as hammerhead sharks, great white sharks, humpback whales, Killer whales, and if you are lucky a white whale. Assassins Creed IV has also introduced underwater exploring for the first time in the series, which you use a Diving Bell to explore and gain treasures in the deep ocean while avoiding dangerous animals such as Great White sharks, Jellyfishes, Sea Urchins, and Moray Eels. You can avoid them by gaining oxygen through barrels or diving bells or hiding in seaweed Be careful as it may contain a Moray Eel.Side Missions and Activities to DoSide Missions are not bad and will have a good reward for you if you finish or collect all things in the game. Assassin Contracts are mostly unique and Naval Contracts are similar to Assassin Contracts, except it involves fighting on the Ocean. There are maps in areas to get so you can find a buried treasure by simply looking at the coordinates and checking the picture of the map which rewards you with either money or more plans to improve the Jackdaw. There are Missions that involves you getting a key to open a room for a new costume to wear. There are Mayan Keystones for you to search around the Map which rewards you a super cool looking costume. Forts are around the area that will shoot you on sight and it can be challenging if it has assistance from other ships, which is another reason to destroy them so they can reveal treasures and locations on certain sections of the map. Finally, if you are brave and powerful enough, you can fight Legendary Ships that will put up a challenge in the seas which is a great addition to the game.Story Modern Day  Abstergo ResearcherYou are an Abstergo Researcher, living the memories of Desmond Miles by using his DNA. The purpose of this is for marketing research as Abstergo was Successful with their product called Liberation Abstergos version of Assassins Creed III  Liberation. They now hope to get more marketing possiblities by researching on Edward Kenway. As you go deeper into Edwards life, the more deeper you are in between the war of Assassins and Templars in this timeline. As you progress you will be given the ability to hack into Abstergo Computers, Cameras, and Servers to see information that is not meant for you to see. The story for me was not bad and had me excited for the next game.Story 17th Century  Edward KenwayEdward Kenway is a privateer turned pirate who seeks wealth and fortune. The story revolves mostly about him and his desire for riches and wealth so he may retire a good life through piracy Common among all pirates. You will see a brash and arrogant protagonist, but as he progresses, he will see clearer of what he does as he unintentionally enters the war between Assassins and Templars. You might hate him and you might love him I believe that is the purpose in his character development, but either way, he makes a good story for a man who simply wants to be rich.Ending No SpoilersEdwards story ended surprisingly well. However, Modernday ended with a cliffhanger. Is it a good or bad cliffhanger you say? I let you decide. Those who have played the entire Assassins Creed series should no longer be surprised by coming Cliffhanger endings by now.BugsThere are some bugs that I encounter but was never interfering with my gameplay. I must say though, this sort of bug is the most oddest and most epic bug I have ever seen in a game. Sometimes you will have a hole in the water...and...well...lets just say...your sailors might...go to heaven and the jackdaw rises from the sea. or your ship is at the air and will go down quickly like crazy as if peterpan was trolling Edward. It was the most hilarious bug I have ever seen in my lifetime. Dont let this discourage you, the game is still good to play. Regarding if it is PC optimized, I cannot say. I ran the game well with my 780M card at the highest settings possible, but I cannot say the same for others.This game improved greatly from its predecessor and I recommend it. Attempt to pay attention closely to the plot of both modern day and 17th Century as it plays one heck of a major role for the next game.Additional Notes I have finished the game with 100 Synchronization. This is a review for SinglePlayer Only. Please be aware that I am reviewing the game itself, not the Ubisoft Launcher or anything that has nothing to do with the game, unless it is necessary to be said.This game is played on my Laptop Intel Core i7 4700MQ 8 GB RAM 1 TB 7200 RPM Hard Drive Nvidia Geforce GTX 780M 4 GB Bigfoot Killer WirelessN 1103