This is a game which has made the AC franchise good again. The missions are far more freeform than they were in AC3, and in the vast majority of missions, the requirement to not be detected is replaced with an alarm bell mechanic, where if a soldier reaches an alarm bell, you fail then instead. Also, the naval combat actually has a purpose now considering that its at least half of the game. But dont worry, because the Assassin gameplay has been improved upon with good mission design and general level design. The story is a bit hard to invest in compared to past AC games, but Edward is a much more interesting character than Connor. Also the game gets right into the action right away rather than spending the first five sequences doing boring missions that are just there to tell a narrative obviously not written by somebody with a good mind for games design.This game looks beautiful. The cities are gorgeous especially Kingston, the water effects are pretty as balls, the ships are incredibly detailed and the vegetation is almost as good as say, Crysis or Far Cry 3. The way said vegetation moves in the wind during a storm is mind blowing. The models for the animals however look likehonestly. The character models have problems too. They are extremely detailed, but they have a weird waxy look to them kind of like an early Xbox 360 title where they have too much sheen to them. Also, many of the characters just dont look alive. Their faces look dead, and apart from a few of the Assassin mentors, they tread into uncanny valley territory where they have a creepy dead eyed look to them. The environments and animations are absolutely gorgeous, and the character models are detailed but just plain weird looking.On the optimization side of things, Black Flag was nothing but smooth sailing for me. I ran the game at max with FXAA, apart from I had soft shadows off and just used the very high normal shadows and my game never dropped below 30fps on my 7970 with an FX8350. The only problem I had with crashing was when Uplay which makes you have an internet connection for fleet management, by the way was down and the connection screen never timed out and had no way of backing out, forcing me to shut down the game. This was an isolated incident and its the only problem Ive had. I felt that the optimization couldve been better though, as I know many people with good PCs struggling to run this game.Also, plug in a controller. Yes the game is very playable with a mouse and keyboard, but why would you want to do that in a game like this?If youre gonna pick this up on PC, check to see how people run it with setups similar to yours before trying it. As for the game itself, I reccomend if youre a fan of AC. 