Have you ever dreamed of being a pirate? Partaking in a Pirates of the Caribbean movie? Being a total badass in the 15th century? If any of those, this game is for you. This was my first Assassins Creed game, and it has guranteed it will not be my last. At this posting, Im not even at 10 progress in the game Ill update on completion, assuming I remember but it has been amazing. I have never enjoyed a single player game like this. The story is very interesting, the graphics are stellar, and overall this game is just awesome! Even the music is great to listen to. That said, Id recommend listening to some pirate songs anyway while messing around, Ill link them later If you even thought this game looked interesting, go and get it. I have not purchased the DLC yet, but I definetly plan to, I really cannot way to jump back into the game, it is so much fun. The whole atmopshere is just perfect. The guns, the swords, my god the swords and beautiful and the guns are fun. Ive never had more fun playing alone. Sadly, I have a few small complaintsThe only things Ive found wrong are the lack of a crouch, or a cover lock. In the Batman Arkham games, you are able to run behind walls, crouched, to evade detection. In GTA V, you can tap Q to snap into the nearest cover. These would make this game immensely better for stealth, definetly an improvement over the current system. That said, it is still fun, and not a major complaint, just something Id wish it had.The other complaint I have is a lack of Borderless or Windowed mode. Its difficult to stream games that arent windowed or borderless but not impossible but honestly my complaint is because I like to alt tab quickly and return to the game, without the window minimizing. Why am I alt tabbing? Im messing with the music. Those are my only complaints. Now, that music I was talking about....Hes A Pirate is my favorite Pirate song of allDrunken Sailor is another good oneYo, Ho, Ho, And A Bottle Of Rum!and of course Jolly Rogers  The Devils Son is great.There are plenty more, but I enjoyed these quite a bit. The entire Pirates of The Caribbean sound track is great to have going at any time. 