Assassins Creed IV Black Flag is one of the most mixed AC games along with AC1. Most people either absolutely love it and consider it the best game since AC2, or you completely despise it. Me? Im probably one of the few people who are in the middle.The story starts off with Edward leaving England to go to the Caribbean to be a privateer. A few years later and he comes across an assassin called Duncan Walpole, who is off to Havana to side with the Templars and tell them of a precursor temple, the Observatory and also the sage, a man who is known as the only one able to access the observatory. Edward sees this as an opportunity to become rich as the ancient artifcact is capable of seeing everything anyone is doing, there would be no secrecy among anyone. However Edward is caught and sent to be executed. With the help of a Jamaican pirate, Adewale, Edward steals a ship and sails to Nassau to get help from Ed Thatch, Ben Hornigold and James Kidd. Shorty after, James Kidd reveals to be an assassin and offers Edward the chance to learn to be an assassin, however Edward hates the idea of being part of that sort of religion and wanders off to find the sage and the observatory. After this... you dont really see much of the assassins. That story sits back and in comes a pirates of the caribbeanlike story. Edward is looking for the observatory only for himself, while the assassins do it to keep peace and stop the Templars, the usual. After a while, Ben Hornigold betrays Edward and the other pirates to join the Templars. Ed Thatch, also known as Blackbeard is killed and Charles Vane and Jack Rackham become corrupted and eventually get themselves killed too. Eventually after that, James, who reveals herself as Mary Read earlier in the game, dies from an illness. Edward, with pretty much all his friends gone, he joins the assassins. This is where Edward really becomes an interesting character, someone who was once arrogant and wanting treasure and fame, now wanting to right his wrongs and fight for his friends and the assassins who fight for an honourable cause. Unfortunately... this is at the end of the game, so really it just ends after Edward kills Laureano Torres. The story is quite good, I like how it looks at everything from a different view rather than oh yeah Im an assassin gotta kill Templars however... the whole Assassin/Templar thing is nonexistent for most of the game, so its really just Pirates of the Caribbean.The gameplay is an improved version of AC3s gameplay. Which is great. You can hunt, climb trees, pretty much do everything from the previous games except use a bow. However the main focus of this game is the ship battles, which are extremely fun. You can upgrade the Jackdaw over time and its worth it. Taking down Legendary ships or Man O Wars is amazing. Its a shame that the gameplay ends up being changed in Unity, but at least its copied and pasted into Rogue??? DThe music is some of the best in the series. It really gives a good Pirates of the Caribbean feel. The music was made by Brian Tyler, whos responsible for some of the Fast and Furious music. Its not on the level of AC2, Brotherhood or AC3, but definitely my 4th or 5th favourite soundtrack.On the PC this game is terribly optimised. I have a 1060, i7 6700 and 32gb ram and this game, without being modified, runs at 60fps but keeps lowering randomly. Theres a guide to make it perform better which I had to use, it allows me to use the highest graphics settings but with some minor things disabled and also framerate locked to 60. If you have a PS3, Xbox 360, PS4, Xbox One, play this game on that. Its not the best on PC. However the added visual effects exclusive to this version are amazing. Like when youre in a ship battle and smoke starts to appear from cannon fire. It makes the game a whole lot immersive.Overall, I like this game. Its probably the last good AC game before the downfall which is Rogue, Unity and Syndicate. But is this actually one of the best AC games ever? no. Every game prior to this is better and Origins is better. Black Flag is great if you just want to play a fun game, but if you want an Assassins Creed game... then you should probably play something else. I think this game gets a little bit too much praise, its fun but definitely dated now, plus the previous games are just a whole lot more fun.