Well its definately the best Assassins Creed game to date but has some very bizarre problems.Ill get the bad stuff out of the way first the melee combat is horrendous. It relies on the same mechanic that the previous AC games have utilized, aswell as the Arkham series of games, however enemies do not have a health bar of sorts, instead your character uses a series of animations which, when finished, will kill the enemy. The trouble with this is that if the animation is interupted for whatever reason, you will have to start all over again with the enemy that you were fighting... and these kill animations can take a looooooooong time to execute. The amount of times Ive sliced open and enemys neck then plunged my sword through his heart only to be struck by another enemy from behind, glitch over scenery or be nudged by an ally, only for the enemy which should be dead just to step back a few paces ready to fight me again just because I didnt get the last part of the animation in before I was interupted, is rediculous.The guns are cool though and the instant take downs are usually fine, but I try to avoid melee combat when possible because of the reasons above.As usual the onebuttonwonder parkour can be very glitchy at times especially because the same button is held down in order to sprint.I also find the missions unfuriating at times, especially as many of them involve you tailing a target not to kill them but to eavesdrop on them. As you follow them at close proximity through their merry journey, they often walk through restricted areas and the very second you are spotted you lose the mission and have to start right from the beginning again.Ubisoft really fancies themselves as portraying their games in a more historically accurate way, but thats only if the fate of the real historical characters can compliment their make believe protagonist. The stories of people such as Black Beard, Captain Kidd and the Gentleman Pirate are sometimes so off course from reality that you wonder why Ubisoft even bothers to make such a claim. Overall, the portrayals are pretty good though, and the voice acting is, for the most part, superb. The main character, Edward Kenway, is a Welsh Pirate, voiced by a real Welshman. Black Beard clearly has a Bristol accent. No dodgy, misplaced American accents covered in a fake cockney accent here just because they got an Alist Hollywood celebrity in to boost the sales. I love it.The water looks fantastic. The boats handle pretty well and going to and from ship mode and assassin mode is pretty seamless. The world is huge and you will be able to navigate most of the carribean in an open world with plenty to do some of it good, some not as good, most of it optional. The ship combat is very good, though like anything, it gets repetitive when you have to do it as much as you have to. The story is ok, but being a history aficionado, I find some of the innaccuracies hard to swallow. Over all though, interesting infact I found myself often jumping from main mission to main mission just to see what happens next.My verdict on this game is that it is a great game but has some serious, almost unforgivable flaws. Definately worth it as there is plenty to do but if you are anything like me, the good times can sometimes be ruined by terrible ideas and strange events which really shouldnt be there.To summarize This game has the best water that I have yet seen in any game. It feels almost real in the way it behaves and moves. The ship combat is good, assassinations are still fun but the missions can be very annoying at times and historical accuracy is way off. There is plenty to do but melee combat is painfully bad and should be avoided whenever possible.The question I have for this game, is did it really have to be part of the Assassins Creed franchise? I would have fared better on its own as a pure game about piracy and because of this suffers from having to fit into a paradigm and could never really reach its full potential and feels very out of place.7/10  Great game and worth the cost, but has some unfuriating problems that I cannot believe made it into release. Through all its bells and whistles its a generic Ubisoft game, but definately their best AC yet despite the fact that it would have been better as a stand alone game.