Heres a TLDR if you dont want to read the whole thingThe game has a very large amount of stuff to do and, if you take your time to enjoy it, will keep you occupied for a very long time. The pirate story was good, but I didnt like the Animus story. It got in the way of me being a pirate and I hated that.My full reviewI absolutely loved this game!It took me 91 hours to finish over 7 days yeah, I know, thats a lot of time playing in 1 week. Of course I wasnt rushing to finish it, so it could easily be done faster.However, I didnt just rush through the story. I played the game to as close to 100 as I could get. This means I completed all the story missions, found all Animus fragments, chests, hidden treasures and mayan stones. I completed all templar missions and assassin contracts. I hunted and harpooned every type of animal. I bought all the swords, guns and outfits. I also crafted all the outfits I could. I got every Jackdaw upgrade and every upgrade for Edward. I took out all the legendary ships and filled an entire fleet with level 60 Man O War ships.There are only a few things I dont have for Edward or the Jackdaw, but those things are earned from completing community challenges. Considering that I dont have friends thats a bit harder so I get away with that Now, story wiseI found the Animus extremely annoying. Ive been told that its better in this game than previous games. It only pulls you out of the Animus into the modern day 5 times out of 13 I think total main missions. I know its part of the AC series and all, but the Animus is just annoying to me. Im perfectly fine with a game having good story, but if it interrupts gameplay then its just annoying. The Animus thingy does just that.I dont play a game for story, I play it for gameplay. If I want story I watch a movie or, better yet, read a book. Games are for GAMEplay.As I said, a good story is fine. Thats why I loved the story within the pirate world, because it didnt interrupt my gameplay. I was a pirate. I felt awesome while I was a pirate. As long as Im an awesome pirate Id enjoy the story, but as soon as it says, No, youre just a guy testing a game. Here, be boring I dont feel awesome and dont enjoy it.Enough being annoyed at the Animus!Pirate story! I enjoyed it. It even stirred up some of those feels closer to the end. If they managed to stay completely away from the Animus I would have possibly said its the best single player game Ive played...ever....and its up against Just Cause 2 so that would be quite a feat. The Observatory and its weird doohikkyness was a bit silly, but I was fine with that because I was still a pirate. Its just the animus. Literally, thats the one and only thing I can say I did not enjoy about this game.I know lots wont agree with me. I dont care. A game is about gameplay, the Animus got in the way of gameplay. Its a nuisance. Simple as that. 