Easily top 3 of the entire AC franchise. Fully worth the purchase, especially if you happen to find it on sale.The story follows Edward Kenway, grandfather of Connor from AC3. The gameplay is unique to the series in that you pretty much have to be a pirate in order to upgrade your ship and progress through the game. No complaints about that. But one criticism about the naval combat is that, for whatever reason, the game doesnt let you fire chainshot from your ships broadside cannons. This isnt a huge deal, but when it comes to the battles with the legendary ships of the line, it would have made the combat easier and more historically accurate to be able to disable these behemoths from a distance before moving in and boarding for the kill. But, enough about that.The world of Black Flag is vast, rich and deep. Even with 130 hours logged in the game, I havent seen all there is to see, collected all there is to collect, or completed all the side missions. After youve completed the main story, theres still much to do.Highly recommended for fans of the AC series and first timers alike. The story doesnt really depend on you completing AC 13 in order to appreciate it. In fact, it takes place before AC 3 and Rogue so even if you played them in sequence, youd technically be playing them out of chronological order, anyway. If you happen to be a fan of the TV series Black Sails, youll find it interesting to see how characters like Jack Rackam, Anne Bonny and Edward Teach Blackbeard are portrayed. Jack Sparrows character seems shamelessly ripped off Rackam, by the way, but I digress.Unlike AC 13, the overworld is no longer from the perspective of Desmond Miles, but of a regular employee of Abstergo Entertainment who uses the animus like just another PC application to access Desmonds ancestral memories. These ancestral memories, once known only to Desmond, have now been all complied in Abstergos servers which malfunction from time to time during the game theres a story to the overstory. kind of a seemingly unnecessary element altogether, but I suppose it adds some variety. In the end, we see that the Assassins vs. Templars conflict is still alive, leaving the door open for an untold amount of potential sequels.My personal favorite AC title overall, and one of my all time vidya games. Buy it now. 