TL,DR a great piracy game mashed together with yet another reskin of AC2 with a horrible plot. Buy only if heavily discounted and if you liked Sid Meiers Pirates!.After I dropped AC3 not even halfway through the game because Connor was utterly bland and boring, I almost did the same with Black Flag this time not because the protagonist was boring, but because he was a dumb, greedy bandit. Hes got all the negative traits of a pirate, but without the charisma and style of legendary pirates we know and love. Naturally, its all set up so that he can convert in the end its really not a spoiler the plot of the game is as complicated as a brick and can be predicted with saddening accuracy, but as a result you have to suffer playing as an entirely unlikeable idiot most of the time. Oh, and to make things worse, Ubisoft in their infinite wisdom decided to ruin the modernworld plot and replace Desmond with an anonymous, faceless corporate drone, so now we have TWO protagonists that suck.The assassinrelated part of the game consists basically of AC2 retextured to look Caribbean, plus 100 more guards, plus a LOT of bushes. Unless your idea of fun is sitting in a bush for 10 minutes painstakingly mapping patrol routes of 30 guards, youre either going to suffer or say to hell with 100 synchronization and just brute force your way through. Oh, and of course AC2 had a decent plot, while Black Flags plot is cringeworthy.The only thing that saves this game and even makes it recommendable is the being a pirate part. Sailing the seas, listening to your crew singing shanties, attacking and boarding other ships, conquering forts, avoiding storms, looking for treasure and upgrading your ship is loads of fun. If only Ubisoft cut out the Assassin Creedrelated parts and made it a pure piracy game! Alas, instead we have this weird hybrid where you groan your way through umpteenth kill an opponent from hiding after eliminating several dozen guards on the way mission while wanting to be back in the sea, already.Since there is no meh button, I have to give this a thumbs up, because I really enjoyed the piracy, even though as an Assassins Creed series game this is an utter failure. As a pirate game, though, its awesome. Decide for yourself if being the scourge of the seas is worth occasionally wasting time sitting in a bush. 