I am a long time Assassins Creed fan, and this game was a lot of fun but it has its flaws. Ill keep this simple, Pros and ConsProsSailing. Between the ambient sounds, the crew singing, and random events, its exciting, and even soothing.Naval combat. Much refined from AC3, simpler even with added features. And much more exciting.Pirating. I was glad to see the pirating had a purpose, after all, you have to have some way to obtain the wood, metal, and money needed for those shiny new broadside cannons you want.Open world. Huge world, many places to discover and explore. Which brings me to the next pro.Fast travel. With a world that big you need a good fast travel system for those who use it. Not only does each place have a fast travel option, but every synchronization point is its own fast travel.Graphics. The game is beautiful. While things like hair looking a little flat, and rain popping indoors arent very impressive, the rest of the world definitely is.Voice acting. Top notch.Music. Some of the sea shanties, and tavern songs still get stuck in my head from time to time. And I even YouTube a few, just to hear them again.Present day missions. The Desmond missions left much to be desired. But I found these missions very interesting, and fun. I would actually look forward to the next mission.Story. Some dont agree, but I liked it. It was a change of pace. The main character wasnt hell bent on revenge, he was a pirate after the next big payday. The story got more and more intriguing as time went on.Crafting/Upgrades. Always fun to upgrade your character/gear. Especially seeing the changes affect the look of the Jackdaw.Kenways Fleet. Fun and rewarding mini game.The next pros, are also cons. And each point will be explained in the appropriate section.Game play. Had some very fun missions, utilizing each of the games strengths.Combat. The fighting was fluid, and simple. A little to simple for some, but still fun nonetheless.Weapons. You have your usual swords, hidden blades, and guns. But they added the blow gun, which with its sleep, and berserk darts came in handy all throughout the game.ConsGame play. Way too many tail and eavesdrop missions for my taste. Yes its a stealthish game. But some just seemed to not be properly implemented, and just down right frustrating.Combat. Seemed watered down from AC3. Which in my opinion was some of the coolest finishers Ive seen. And you get like a fourth of them in AC4. And the slow mo finishes didnt have sound, which took away from the epicness for me.Weapons. Again, watered down from AC3. Theres no slot for a heavy weapon. And even though there are different types of each weapon, the guns are the only one you actually can notice a difference in. Also you dont get the rope dart till towards the end of the game.Shipwrecks. Can be frustrating, the main downfall for me was not having a defense for the ridiculous amount of sharks congregating in the area.This next con was the biggest for me, and it might not be the games fault, it could just be mine.The glamor just kind of wore off. I reached a point where money was no longer an issue, and my character, and ship were fully upgraded. So that just left the story. And with annoying tail and eavesdrop missions after another I eventually got turned off and stopped playing for a while. I actually felt obligated to finish it because I paid 60 for it and wanted to see how it ended.Again, that could just be me. Yall might not run into that problem. But one thing I have noticed, is starting after Brotherhood, my in game hours have been dwindling for every new installment of the AC series. It could be the way the games are being made now, or again it could just be me.Everybody has their own opinion, and Im just giving you mine. And my opinion on this game, is that it is definitely worth a buy. And a must have during a big sale.Its not my favorite Assassins Creed game, but it is my favorite pirate game. 