Arguably the best Assassins Creed game, and a very fun pirate game on top of that. Builds on most of the mechanics of the previous games, while also fleshing out some of the half finished ideas from Assassins Creed III hunting, sea combat, etc and making them actually fun and useful.The story is good. Edwards journey is a good one. The writing and voice acting are all well done, and there are some memorable characters.The ground gameplay is  very much more of the same Assassins Creed that youre probably already used to if you are considering this. If you werent a fan of stabbing dudes, climbing to viewpoints, parkouring all over the place, etc then you probably still will not enjoy this part of the game. Its not challenging, really, but its fun.The sea combat is surprisingly good. Cannons are all handled well and you have quite a few varieties. Your ship can be upgraded with better armor, cannons, new types of cannons, etc. You can board or sink ships, take their treasure or commandeer them for your fleet sort of like the Brotherhood minigame from the previous games. Well done and very fun. Sailing the high seas is made even better by the sea shanties you collect for your pirate crew to sing.There are quite a bit of side objectives to complete, some old and some new. Assassin missions, collectables, and chests are all still present. New challenges include harpooning whales, naval battles, and capturing forts sort of like capturing templar bases in the older games. I 92ed my save, and it took me about 40 hours. I imagine itd be about 50 if you wanted to 100 it. Maybe a bit less.I was a fan of the modern components of the previous Assassins Creed games, even though I understand that a lot of other people were not. A new tangent of the modern story is present in this game, and its handled in a slightly different way. If you were not a fan, theres probably 1530 minutes of modern gameplay that you are forced to do, and the rest is optional. If youre into the series/lore, there are a lot of different tidbits you can find that relate back to previous games, future games, etc. Pretty cool.Overall, great game. Highly recommended even if you havent played previous Assassins Creed games, and even more so if you have and liked them. 