What an adventure! At first because of all those sailing and ship battles I thought This is no Assassin. This is a Pirate game! Sailing simulator! But when I got used to it, although I still think sailing took too much part of this game, it was enjoyable. This doesnt mean Id like to see more sailing in the Assassins Creed series. I hope this is the last time I have to deal with ships and boats and cannons and fortresses and waves and crap. Parkouring, looting, and battles have all become more optimized. They learned from their failure of III. Amazing Scenery. Loot crates have actually become treasure crates. Opening loot crates is now fun! One KICK! Thats all you need to open it. Hahahaha. Loot ammo indicator was a nice touch. Abstergo security puzzle was interesting. Dealing with your Jackdaw and the oceean was tough at first becaues it was boring and was also so out of the game but it became enjoyable, like I said. The side objectives that you havent done is now just unticked, instead of showing Failed in red letters. It was appropriate and didnt make me feel bad. Proportion of Must be undetected mission reduced drastically. Now you can actually have action in your Creed. Like I said sailing took  too much of this game. When I finally started running and parkouring It felt new and fresh. That says it all. For a while I forgot I was playing Assassins Creed and I was just focusing on ship upgrades and battles. Travel Speed actually limits the beautiful scenery of the ocean. Travel Speed mutes the conversations. Eagle Vision reduces the volume of conversations drastically. Scary and thrilling Background Music only plays for a moment in the beginning and then its just boring silent island. It was shame. It wouldve been much more fun with the mood. Way much more. There were times when the frame rate twitched so bad when loading next area of the ocean. I couldnt fight with a fortress with tornado and also with some ships that I couldve won, simply because I couldnt freaking react or see what the heck is happening. It was aggravating. When I fast travel to Jackdaw, there were times when the ship dropped from the sky and I was dropped from there as well, which would lead to sky diving on the solid ground deck and die, or Id spawn there but Jack daw didnt fall down yet leaving me to be stuck in the ground and be trapped. This forced me to go out to the main menu and come back in again. Dude, What the heck? Hahahaha. 