Assassins Creed IV is the game that Assassins Creed III should have been. You know... like, actually good and stuff. In that way, its somewhat similar to the drastic change in quality from AC1 to AC2. Assassins Creed III had some good ideas, including changes to the controls and overall formula, but ultimately just wasnt as good as the previous games not to mention it was also buggy as all hell. AC4 takes the improvements that AC3 tried to make and actually implements them  with nary a bug in sight. I suppose it also helps that the setting and main character are far more interesting as well. I mean, seriously... who doesnt dig pirates and adventure on the high seas? You play as privateer Edward Kenway  neither Assassin nor Templar  thrust into the middle of both of those worlds. Edward is one of the better protagonists in the series, and is generally quite likeable.The one huge difference that sets Black Flag apart from previous games in the series is its setting  well over half the game takes place on the ocean. And what an ocean it is... seriously, it is huge. And sailing on it is just so very cool. The closest comparison I can make is to exploring the ocean in the Wind Waker on Gamecube back in the day, only much bigger and more realistic. The exploration element alone is great. However, what really sets AC4 apart is the way it looks and feels. In terms of video game technology, its just amazing what they were able to pull off. You can almost actually feel like youre out on the ocean, as waves and wind make your ship swerve, sway and dip and just wait until you see all the gorgeous weather effects. I cant imagine any game ever nailing seafaring better than this... well, at least not until virtual reality sailing comes along. It just feels great. Naval combat also plays a big part in the game. Unfortunately, as fun as it can be, it does have a few problems. You control your weapons by changing the perspective of the camera look to the ships side to fire cannons, or to the rear to drop fire barrels, for example. This is all well and good, in theory, but in the heat of battle with multiple enemies, it can get a bit dodgy. By the end of the game, you should have a good handle on it, but it isnt always the easiest thing to manage. By far, the coolest part of combat is boarding other ships. There are no loading screens on the ocean. Ever. This means that any ship you see and all of the crew members on it can be engaged in real time, at any time. If you want to jump off your ship and swim to a frigate and kill every dude on board all by yourself, you can do that. If you want to incapacitate a ship with your cannons, get alongside, board it by swinging on a rope and airassassinating the captain from one of the masts, you can do that. It is very, very fun. But as with anything, repetition will eventually cool those initial highs and you may start to tire of the whole process by the time the latter parts of the game roll along. This is more an inevitability than a knock on the game itself, but should be mentioned. Rounding out the new additions to the series, Black Flag introduces a set of underwater diving locations. These are mostly optional and dont really make or break the game one way or the other. They are just meh, mostly due to the horrible controls inherent with underwater segments in every game with underwater segments ever made. Ever. There are some cool bits underwater, but these segments could have easily been excluded and it still would have been a decent game.The other half of the game takes place in landbased locations, and follows the standard AC series formula. You take on various missions to gather information or assassinate people, which require either stealth, combat, or both. Freerunning and climbing also return and are generally OK, though the usual issues like climbing onto things you arent trying to climb onto in the heat of the moment are still ocasionally present. Combat is similar to previous games as well. Mostly all you need to do is button mash and use counters or break enemy defenses at the appropriate moments. As simple as it is, it is still ever so satisfying, due to the insane number of moves you can pull off in various situations  put simply, you are a serious badass. There is also a very limited number of different weapons available contrary to previous games, which is a welcome change. Theres no longer 3 inventory screens worth of pointless weapons youll never use. Early on, youll be able to buy a good set of swords and pistols. Those, along with your hidden blades, are pretty much all youll ever want or need for the majority of the game. The landbased segments take place in 3 major locations  Havana, Nassau and Kingston. Additionally, there are a number of smaller islands scattered around the ocean that contain fishing villages, ruins, and more. Overall, its a nice balance between traditional AC and the newer naval bits.The last part of the package is a subplot that continues the goingson in the modernday time period. With Desmond out of the picture mostly, you play as an unnamed employee in the game division of the Abstergo Corporation. I dont mind these sections too much, but for those of you who dont care about these presentday bits, just know that most of these sections are optional, and the parts that are required can be done pretty quickly. The optional activities available involve hacking a bunch of computers, which unlocks various bits of lore and info on what has happened since the events of the previous game. If you are into following that part of the series, some of it is pretty interesting. Otherwise, these optional bits can simply be ignored.Overall, I found this to be a worthy entry in a series I thought was on its last peg? legs. The amount of things to do is pretty insane, and I found almost everything to be pretty dang fun. That said, I am also somewhat easy to please, and kind of anal when it comes to games that have any kind of collecting aspect... so take that opinion for what its worth. A lot of how much you enjoy this game will depend on how much you dig the new seafaring aspect, since it is such a large portion of the experience. I can see how it might be hit or miss for some people. If you liked the naval missions in AC3, then you will most definitely enjoy the improvements Black Flag makes in that area. If you hated those missions, I hesitate to recommend AC4 wholeheartedly though you very well may still enjoy it. If youve never played an AC game before, or havent played one in a long time, this is a great one to jump into the series with. Its definitely not perfect, but its pretty solid overall. Id rank it up there with the better games in the AC2 era. Id give it a B or A.