If you ask me, Asscreed was at its pinicle in the Assassins Creed 2/ Brotherhood era, and although Revelations wasnt that bad, 3 was a disjointed mess with some cool ideas in place, but overall a hack job.Black Flag  doesnt really work as an AssCreed game in my book.  I never immersed in the huge cities like those of Italy or Palestine, with their towering buildings and crowded streets.  Instead I bummed around the Carribean, mincing through sparsly populated streets whith the occasion tall building and a few trees to climb.  Theres bushes and sugar cane everywhere, so stealth is as easy as pie. The NPC reactions to death/fights/assasinations and general shenanigans are as placid as stoned grandmas, and the combat is so godamned easy that theres no insentive to take a stealth approach as you can button mash your way out of EVERY single combat encounter.  The Arkham games and Shadow of More Doors did some really cool and interesting things with this combat system, but Black Flag makes it a cakewalk.  Not every game has to be Dark Souls, but come on lads!  most baddies are just walking cutlass fodder who cant even block!However, strangely enough, Black Flag works incrediably well as a jaunty swashbuckling simulator.  Forget about sneaking around and offing people with your hidden blades, and instead embrace beautiful nautical exploration, exhillirating naval combat, the manical choas that comes with boarding a ManoWar, the sublime delights of deepsea diving, and a predicatble but enjoyable plot with some fantastic dialogue and brilliant beards. I REALLY, REALLY LOVE IT!  I just cant get enough of saling the open seas, my hairy crew of rascals singing their little shanties, looking for Spanish ManoWars to attack, new islands to explore, and new booty to get my hands on!. If only i could skip those bloody eavesdropping sections and tun off the damn desynchronisation bs...Like I said, Asscreed hasnt been great, in my view, since Brotherhood, and Black Flag doesnt do anything to bring it back in that direction.  But as a Swashbuckling simulator and fun action adventure games theres not more you could wish for.