I have been playing Assassins Creed 4 for 11 hours now and here is what I have to say about the single player campaign.The game is a 3rd person action adventure game just like the previous three before it. Developed by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft.Assassins Creed 4 has surprised me with how the game starts off. It begins with a good build up to your character and then you find yourself beached on a shore with a fellow sailor and then chasing after him.When I first started playing the game I was very surprised on how it started off with pirating and adventuring. After a bit of playing the game started to feel like Assassins Creed with the climbing up a tall tower to sync you to your surroundings.Eventually I got to get my own ship and sail the seas. Finding small little islands and other larger islands to explore for treasure chests, messages in bottles and treasure maps. You also get to chase after sea chanty songs for your crew to sing as your sailing. Other artifacts like Aztec monuments you climb and get to orientate a marker with your surrounding to find where the buried artifact will be is a cool idea in the game. This all makes this game a joy to play and a break away form the old flag hunting that is meaningless.The game play is the same as previous Assassin Creed games with the climbing and combat style. I like that you can run up to a person and assassinate them, get into tavern fights to open the tavern up to you.There are places in town when you first begin where you need to save some pirates from the authorities who later join you and are your crew on ship. You also get to save people adrift on the seas and they become crew members.Once you upgrade your ship to include harpoons you will be able to go whaling and get that big white whale! Along with whaling you can go shark hunting as well.Eventually you will get to a point in the game where you will get control of your own island and call it home. Upgrading it to provide a tavern, shop, ship repair store and an estate home as well.This game was played with an Xbox360 controller and I can say that its really made to accommodate this type of game play. I appreciate it when developers make a game compatible with a controller.I am very impressed with Assassins Creed IV Black Flag and happy that I picked up the Deluxe Gold Edition for 30 during the 2014 Summer Sale.If your planning to buy this game or not sure if you want to play another Assassins Creed game I would recommend this game, check out the video below. Assassins Creed 4 is worth a play.firststarfirststarfirststarfirststarfirststar 