This is a good review about AC Black Flag and bad review about AC Origins I cant review AC Origins...To be perfectly honest, I have come back to playing this after a year of not playing simply because I bought AC Origins for Christmas 2017 and thought it was sht. I know a lot of people liked it and Im glad they do but Ill explain why I dont down below.Firstly, I love the pirating of Black Flag and being able to have your own crew and ship and physically control it and upgrade it, for me, that was awesome. Adding the diving and hunting sea creatures to it just added to that. The towns and islands are small so you dont have to run for an hour to get somewhere, there is fast travel of course, but going to your ship to go places was always more fun and you would come across random dynamic things. I dont find anything a grind, the whole game is awesome.To give a small review of AC Orgins as well purely because I got it on uplay and cant give a review on steam its quite fun, but I feel the developers concentrated so much on the little things that they forgot about the main stuff. For example, the small things like wandering in the desert for too long youll start to hallucinate, thats quite funny, very clever and pretty cool, but a small part of the game. Your hawk which you control, is again, freaking awesome, you fully control him, and sometimes I prefer to just fly and be the hawk rather than the main character which probably isnt good s.... The places are beautiful, well constructed, really detailed and awesome, for example, going to Alexandria which is gorgeous and seeing the pyramids of Giza in the distance, and knowing you can run there and actually visit them, is insanely cool. I know most open world games you can do that on these days, but its ancient Egypt and visaully stunning. The story line is pretty cool too, even though Ive only done about 35 of it, because I got bored really quickly, quite grindy though and it seems quite slow going. Taking over forts stealthily is really cool too, I love stealth games and have loved every AC game.Unfortunately, I found the quests super grindy and repeatable and running from place to place got so dull really quickly, which is a shame considering I found the opposite on Black Flag. The worst part of all, which is what ruined the game for me, is the combat. In AC games, the combat is the core of it. Its about assassinations and combat. Now the assassinations are fine because they havent changed that at all. But the combat.... oh boy..... At first I thought it was really cool because it was so much faster than previous games, it was no longer wait for someone to attack, counter them, kill them, wait for next person to attack and so on... you could flurry your sword or dual swords or polearm in quick succession without having to wait for your enemy to act, it was cool, and it still is... sort of. the choice of weapons is cool as well.If youre 1 v 1, you click in the thumbstick to lock onto your enemy, and fight them. Simple. But if theres more than one person  which there is probably 90 of the time  then youre screwed. Let me give you an example, theres 6 people around you, you lock onto the enemy in front of you. Then, if the guy behind you attacks, you have to click your thumbstick to the right/left as many times as it takes to get to that person, in this situation, 3 or 4 clicks. Now to click, then let the thumbstick go back to the neutral position and then click again, and to do that 3 or 4 times..... well you know where im heading with this... the guy attacked and hit you about an hour ago.... its impossible and incredibly frustrating! Instead, the only alternative is to not lock on at all, and when someone attacks from behind you just block randomly or turn and swing blindly behind you hoping you hit/block them before they hit you. Its madness. And as I said before, its combat, which is the core of the game. Now almost everything else is cool, but this was such a deal breaker for me.... 