This review is probably going to get the absolute sht disliked out of it, but I felt it was important for me to let other people in my position know about the pitfalls of this game, especially if they may be tempted to buy it during a steam sale as I did.Firstly, this game runs horribly. It is absolutely plagued with screen tearing. It got to levels so bad for me that the game actually became unplayable as it became nauseating. I checked and it seems there are other people getting this problem. Maybe im just unlucky, but it left a bad first impression, even though the first scene would have otherwise been stunning.Secondly, this game is clearly designed for consoles. If you have already played assasins creed games in the past and know what youre getting into, this will be just fine for you. However, if like me, you are used to having full control over all the actions of your character, you will likely be disappointed.The free running is what gets me the most. All the jumping and climbing you see in gameplays is not controlled by the player, rather, you simply hold down the space bar while running forward and it is literally all done for you. AC fans reading this will most likely gawk at my distaste of such an AC staple, but I simply resent this feature as it makes for boring, monotonous gameplay. Wheres the satisfaction in having it all done for you?I can see myself getting used to the combat eventually, but im not having a good enough time to be bothered. That said, the naval combat was still enjoyable for me.And may I mention how boring this games questing is? After the opening naval sequence, there is an hour of what equates to a bunch of trailing missions. Follow the assassin. Follow stede bonnet. Follow the robber. Follow the guards. Follow your hosts. How is this fun again?Its a shame, because I really thought id like this game. Graphically it looks amazing. Like I said, if youve already played AC games in the past and are familiar with the formula, chances are youll enjoy this. Otherwise, you may want to rethink your purchase. 