The short of it This game currently has a gamebreaking bug and is not worth you wasting your money on.Full story Currently there is a bug with AC4 Black Flag that causes random losses of your saved data. I personally lost 10 hours of gameplay and thought it a random fault. Upon investigating this further on the forums I found this to be a very common problem with the PC port.How a bug of this magnitude was not identified in testing after porting it from console to PC astounds me. I can only imagine if they are competent in the least they did find this in testing, which means they then knowingly released this game, for purchase, in a broken state.I was angry losing 10 hours. I can only imagine how cheated the people who lost 85 completion felt.The response I got from Uplay support was in essence Your data is gone, use a thirdparty game backup tool, turn off cloud support, manually backup regularly. I have a massive problem with this for four reasonsa Using a backup tool isnt going to get the lost data back that shouldnt have gone missing to begin with.b This is a AAA title. Why on Earth are we expected to manually backup our game saves ourselves?? Its your job to make sure the game is ready and able to save safely!c This game is unable to save data safely with local content and cloud options? Even the NES cartidges did a better job.d Why would I now play this game knowing that my data can be lost at any time? I wouldnt. It would be absurd to expect people to do so.Guys, talking gameplay is moot point, because it is simply not worth playing when at any point you can lose hours of what youve played. There is a lot of content, and the thought of having to do it all again to catch up to where you were before is truly a soul crushing experience. Dont put yourself through it. Do not buy this game until its creators have released a clear and offical statement saying this bug has been fixed.Buying it anytime before that is simply helping them cheat you out of your own hard earned money.