Rating 8/10Playthrough time 52 HoursCompletion 100Graphics MaxedSpoiler Free ReviewInitially I was quite worried but still enthusiastic about a new Assassins Creed as the events that took place at the end of the last game effectivly tied up the existing series. The power of the AC franchise is having the flexibility to move forward and develop a new game that can tell a self contained story within the Universe. They dont HAVE to rely specifically on Desmond as they can tell a story using an interesting Character from any point in history...and they delivered!The game tells the story of Edward Kenway, a privateer turned pirate out to seek his fortune in the Caribbean. I found the characters to be very likeable and the game told an interesting story with Edward trapped between the conflict of the Assassins and Templars of which he is neither. I prehaps would have preferred if Edward truly belonged to a side as the game leaned more towards a Pirate Simulator with an AC theme rather than a true AC game because of it. HOWEVER it is still the best damn pirate simulator I have ever played! I genuinly enjoyed all the mechanics the game had to offer, especially the Naval combat.Practically the game runs on a new engine Anvil and Ubisoft have taken great strides to make this a much more cinematic offerring than previous titles. The camera is lower and closer during combat which is visceral and gory and small things like running and jumping now have camera effects and motion blur. I found during my playthrough that the engine sometimes struggled to keep up with the effects which made me a sad panda as they made the game much more immersive. The game has also had a graphical overhaul and is just STUNNING. It is amazingly pretty with vibrant colours and fantastic textures.I am not sure whether I should take points off for this or not but whilst I played for 52 hours, the story only lasted for about 8. I do this with every AC and knock everything optional over early 100 every single collectible so I can just focus on the story and I found it to be a little on the shorter side. The sheer amount of collectibles in this game is staggering and I am not 100 sure they added anything to the game. They add hours to your playthrough yes... but is this value for money? Debatable. I just found it a little over the top...So anyway, I better wrap this up! The game and the story although short are fantastic and Ubisoft have put a lot of love into this title. They set out to prove that they could do something new and they succeeded!8/10. 