PROSPirates and assassinsSpot on movement/controlsFun naval combatGraphicsShantiesGood storyCONSFrustrating clusering combat at timesLate game bugsACBF is my favorite AC game so far. I loved the pirate aspect of the game. It was such a welcome departure from the Ezio trilogy the only other AC games Ive played, it really breathed fresh air into the series. I felt such a sense of adventure on the open seas with me hearties, singing shanties as I ride into combat. It was a very fun experience. I believe this game not only stands out as an amazing AC game, but also as a pirate game. I really cant think of too many games that do the pirate life justice, but this one comes really close. Sure you can say that its pretty much an AC coat of paint ontop of the 1700s, but what it does, it does really well.The story I found overall well done. There were some times when it lagged and slowed down, but between the Astergo parts and the pirate parts, I find it really interesting. Also, as most AC games do, much of the history was loosely faithful. Seeing real pirates like Ed Thatch Blackbard and Mary Read was pretty cool. Its also the small touches, like with Blackbeard ignites fuses in his hat to scare people, that make ACBF really well researched and a joy to experience. I will say the ending fight was a bit of a letdown though the ending itself was good, and some of the puzzles Absergo hacking was REALLY frustrating.The controls deserve their own section. In previous AC games I found myself yelling at the screen due to my character pretty much ignoring what Im telling them to do, all while getting destroyed by 10 guards. This has gradually improved since Revelations, and it is also true here. There were very few times when I lost control of Kenway, so it was a delight to move. The combat, less so. I found it really hit or miss. There were times when I could obliterate 20 guards without taking a hit, and there were other times when I had 1 enemy that would just refuse to die, while Kenway just didnt feel like countering anything.There are some negatives though. I felt that when I invaded pirate ships, combat could become an annoying cluster. Oftentime sthe enemy NPCs would attack me from much further away then they should have, off of my camera, leaving me almost no time to react. Also there was 3 times in the final 1/4th of the game where I had to Alt  F4 due to gamebreaking bugs. Thankfully, reloading the game fixed it, but if it didnt, it would literally be game over.Overall, this is my favorite AC game so far, and would recommend it to anyone. 