As a huge fan of this game series, I had been waiting anxiously for its release. When the day came, I was like a little kid on Christmas, watching the progress bar for what seemed to be forever. Then finally.. the moment had arrived, I launched the game! wait... no.. I launched UPlay, yay... just like the last one, but no problem. So, I launched the game from Uplay! I see the logo... Excitement building.. and !BAM! AssCreed has stopped working not that it ever had. So.. I searched the forums and saw that quite a few people had run into this same problem. Once I realized there was no information regarding how to getit working, only countles posts about it not working, I contacted Ubisoft support, that was on the 21st, it is now the 26th and I have not had any kind of reply from them, and my Support Ticket remains open with 0 replies.With the price tag of 79.99, they should be able to hire a couple of people to Q/A their product before relase, and then support it after. Update to previous post I have now been able to play AC4 for almost a full week now, and as unhappy I as I was, and still am over the total lack of effort put fourth by Ubi towards the issues experienced by the Non Console using riffraff I cannot help but feel a bit ashamed that I can feel myself trying to hurry this update along so that I may get back to my 40oz bottle of rum, and my capts chair to go an pull some 1740s SailBys. The sad truth, at least for me, is that once I was able to get the game running had to pull my GTX 770 and toss back in my GTX260.. runs like a dream I have all but forgotten the pure rage that filled me those weeks I sat unable to play. Although that does speak volumes for the quality of the game itself, I cant say it does the same for the company.I now change my reccomendation to a strong Yes.assuming you are given the chance to test the game on your hardware before purchase In changing this I hope I can.. I can only pray that the powers that be at UBI pull their hands out of M and Sonys pockets long enough to move some of the PS3 boxes off the empty desks where the PC devs used to work, to see the monitors filled with letters of heartbreak and hostility.I really hope that everyone who has had issues has been able to resolve them, and for those who have not.. do not fret. I have started a patition to get the Ubisoft management to give back the 5 trained monkeys they traded their level 3 support staff for.So.. yes, I bet this game is awesome. But I have no idea if I will ever know.1 for 2 aint bad