Watching the Assasins Creed franchise evolve has been quite a ride. The first game was an interesting new IP that never quite hit the mark due to some uninspired designchoices that cause a lot of mundane repetition. The second game was the most excellent kind of sequel the kind that refines the great parts, abandones the bad ones, progresses the storyline and is a little better than the sum of its parts. Since AC2, I have loved the universe UbiSoft has created with these games.After having put Ezio to bed with ACRevelations, we moved across an ocean in AC3 and saw the United States in its infancy through the eyes of Connor. Not since the release of Ocarina of Time for my Nintendo 64 in 1998 had I been as hyped for a game  and unfortunately, I found it deeply flawed. I wont go into the main reasons here, but I pretty much decided I was done with the franchise. AC4Black Flag was not something I was interested in trying.And then it was featured in one of Steams legendary sales. I picked it up on a whim, and was blown away. For action/RPG fans with a penach for exploring, Black Flag is the ultimate pirategame. Exploring a vast region of sea and land with your crew is a delight, and I couldnt stop scavanging until my ship was loaded with booty. The storyline takes a HUGE upturn from the rather dreary Desmondfocused narrative of past games, and it is all the better for it.My only regret is that the game might be a little too rooted in its Assassins Creed framwork. The engine, the setting, the experience would not have been diminished if it was presented as a whole new IP with no attachment to AC. In fact, the ACbrand might be the only thing holding it back, since it might keep some people from jumping in for fear of missing out on the story so far. Hopefully UbiSoft finds a way to reuse some of its assets for a whole new Pirateadventure IP free from the conflict of Assassins vs Templars.Until then Hoist the sails, load the cannons and sharpen your sword for a great adventure that stands amongst the best the franchise has ever been.