Full price not recommended, on sale maybe, see below.The only reason I got the game was for the naval combat, and its honestly the only thing about the game I like.The BADI witness a big bug almost every time I go do a story mission. Minor bugs are endless and everywhere. Combat is awful and occasionally will completely stop working and youll just flick your swords until you either die or resort to your pistols. Shoutout to the GENIUS developer who decided you can only attack when an enemy is highlighted. And then making the highlighting mechanic camera reliant. Btw, the camera is absolutetoo. And dont get me started how it locks when youre being rushed through an underwater current while trying to dodge stone pillars and spikes. Really nice how you cant move the camera to see in front of you. The freerunning is equally as horrifying, where youll run up a wall next to you while facing the camera away from it forever if you dont force him to stop and walk away. Meanwhile running up a fallen tree requires 5 years of training and planning and a runway strip fit for a WW2 bomber. And sometimes he still decides to jump off the ledge next to it or just stop at the base completely. Basically, almost every mechanic seems broken or untested when you play enough. The story is AWFUL and completely unimpressionable. Half the time you have only a vague understanding of whats going on and why you need to be somewhere or doing something.Now heres my gripe specifically for newcomers to the Assassins Creed series. Ubisofts decision to make this an AC game was probably the stupidest  up in the entire game. If you enjoy immersion may want to try somewhere else, cause you play as a guy playing the memory of his pirate ancestor. If you get this I dont need to explain any more, if you dont get it no amount of explaining will help. Moving on.The GOODNaval combat. Its satisfying, its exciting, and it drives you to upgrade your ship as much as possible, which supplies gameplay. Only downside is how boarding can result in the bugs you get everywhere else ing parkour glitches. Also, the Legendary ships are a teensy bit cheap. One has undamageable sides so you have to hit it from the front, back, or from above with mortar. Another consists of 2 level 75 Man o Wars that fight you by working together and getting you inbetween them and ripping you apart from both sides good but as soon as you kill one the other proceeds to do its best to sit on you, with speeds impossible to match. So basically you have to kill them at the same time, or damn near close to it. But anyways, on sale for 20 the naval combat is planty to make it worth it. Had I bought on full price Id be taking advantage of Steams new refund feature.The OCDDo you Hate people who Type like this?or people who dont capitalize anything that should be like british or captain blackbeard?Well whoever wrote up all the text in the game subtitles, tips, everything, was BOTH of these S in ONE box!!!!! D