Assassins Creed 3 was good, however after playing number 4, I feel like number three was just a test. I think Ubisoft made the sailing a side part of the game because they already had this game in mind, so the ship battles in number three were a sort of beta test I believe. Because you can really tell that its been flushed out this time around. The games major point is, of course, sailing and looting as a pirate, so they needed to be sure the sailing was well thought out, so they could improve it on all points.Not to say there isnt much of the same in this game. There are several large towns for you to parkour in so much that you find yourself thinking you could pull it off in the real world. You still wear the assassins robes and you still play the part. However of course, you are Edward Kenway, Captain of a pirate ship, the Jack Daw, youre loyal to no one, other than how you can make your money sack weigh more.The game still has its regualer glitches that are found in most assasin creed games. If a ragdoll collides in a way the game doesnt like it gets rubber banded, however this doesnt happen often. Sometimes the parkour will get frustrating and Edward will sometimes jump/not jump when you want him to making you either miss your target or get yourself caught.For the most part though the game seems very fair, even the ship battles. Some boats you can beat with a single good ram. Others youre going to have to spot from a distance and think up a strategy to take down, ESPECIALLY the legendary ship challenges. Edward himself is suppose to be a badass and while you play thats exactly what it feels like. Ubisoft is known for making you feel powerful IE, Splinter Cell and the same happens here. Most the time if you fail, youll know it was because you slipped up or because you bit off more than you could chew.The game has plenty of selling points. Playing a pirate, upgrading your ship as well as yourself they took a page from Far Cry 3 by hunting animals for upgrade material on Edward, dominating strongholds, forming your own fleet to make more money, looting plantations for their entire stock bonus for doing them without sounding alarms, interesting charecters based on people that were once real like Blackbeard and Captain Kidd, and of course your crew singing sea shanties while you sail that are INCREDIBLY catchy and you find yourself singing right along with them.After playing the game for about a total of thirty hours constantly doing things and only having a 50 completion level, I can say I highly recommend the game, you will always have stuff to do, and you can enjoy being on the rebel side of the coin for once, sticking it to the man as a pirate with the skills and deadlyness of an assassin.Im gonna have to give this game 9 / 10Ill admit, a couple of those points are probably biased, on account of Ive always loved Assassins Creed, however Im being as honest as I can and I would not still be playing this game after two weeks of playing nothing else if the game wasnt good. Its worth a buy. 