9/10. Has dethroned AC3 as my favorite game of the series.The story is great, Edward Kenway is a very interesting character a common complaint about Connor, while my opinion of Connor was mostly positive too. The only story that I feel they havent elaborated enough, is the modern day section, where I feel theres been little progress since the events of AC3. That said, I do feel like theyve added a LOT of content in the modern day section to flesh out the universe.Stealth has been hugeley improved, especially compared to 3. Theres also a bigger emphasis on stealth, with obviously more opportunities to be stealthy more bushes, more haycarts, etc.. Enemy detection has also improved, no more random detection just because you were running too close to certain buildings, even while completely out of sight AC3. Theres still the odd moment where you can say he obviously sees me doing this, but hey.Eagle vision has been slightly changed, where you can now tag up to 10 enemies so you can see them through walls. people who have Far Cry 3 will be familiar with the system. This can help for stealth, and also for tailing missions which are plenty, whether you like those or not is your opinion, since its now easier to keep the target in sight your character doesnt need to keep the enemy in LoS.Combat is slightly worse than AC3, and maybe the only thing I feel they havent improved and even made worse compared to the previous game. While the same system is used, its far less fun. Combat while boarding ships can also be very confusing, and Edward Kenway switches targets too often during combos youll hit a soldier twice, then suddenly decide to hit another one, which never happened in 3. Double counters and double kills are also very rare, and enemies seem to attack you with 3 at a time max. In conclusion AC3s combat was fluid and satisfying, AC4s is clunky, and only satisfactory.Naval combat has pretty much completely changed. While I enjoyed the way it worked in 3, its certainly an improvement, if not simply a totally new system. its straightforward, and rather fun. Boarding ships can ultimately get a little repetitive though.Multiplayer is more of the same, Wolf Pack is mostly boring, and still easier to complete alone than with random people. The only positive thing I found in MP is that now contested kills actually cut the enemys score in half although theres a perk that cancels this too, which is t. For those who enjoyed MP, they probably still will. I doubt Ill play much of MP for very long. 