What with the giant backlogs Steam sales and freebies entail, I tend to wait to buy games until they hit a certain price range. As a result, Ive been lagging on Assassins Creed games pretty regularly, so I know I am a little late to the scene for this particular entry in the series having played all of the main series, story DLCs, the first Nintendo DS title, and Liberation HD up until now as well, just as some background. Ill be honest, Assassins Creed 3 felt like the series had lost its way a little. None of the characters felt likeable, and the lines between good guy/bad guy were blurry without the added benefit of making the plot seem any deeper for it. The althistory DLC was alright, if only a bit short and nonsensical, and Liberation HD had the unfortunate flavor of diet cola, feeling almost like the real thing, but never quite getting there. So to say I had fallen out of favor with the series would probably be a bit of an understatement. The magic of the Ezio arc had seemed to expire, which the series managed to pull off even though it was annualized. All of these reasons combined with the fact that I wasnt interested in naval combat dominating a game as I found the naval portions of AC3 to be a bit of a distraction, not something I wanted to revisit made me really hesitant to try this game, but several of my amigos continued to press the issue so I finally got around to it in my backlog.Wow, I was wrong, and I am so happy for it. Gone are the emo, edgy character archetypes, replaced with likable heroes and compelling villains alike. The bland rural colonial America has been replaced with a bright and vibrant tropical Carribean landscape, and the pirate motifs dont even end up feeling shoved down your throat. Some naval combat is necessary but the mechanics are much more enjoyable this time around, and I really do feel a lot of this comes down to Edwards charisma versus Connors ughness.The presentday portion of the game is weird, and first person, which makes me want to switch between a gamepad for third person portions and a mousekeyboard combo for the rest. It plays similarly to the Subject 16 DLC from Revelations, but without the spooky computerghost feel and any of the Mirrors Edge style mechanics youre just a dude, in an office complex. This had an opportunity to be boring, but always served to further the story both in the past and in the present, and even managed to weave in some closure from the ending of Assassins Creed 3, so even if I tried I couldnt hate it.The Deluxe Edition contains an additional 13 hour campaign where you play as Aveline, which feels like what I wish Liberation HD could have been. It felt great to control her with her full range of abilities without the technical limitations of the Vita port. While it seems the ship for a fullfledged Aveline game has sailed, the plot heavily alludes to more going on in her world that we may see someday.Having bought the DLC with the base game, I am unable to post a separate review for Freedom Cry, but this expansion is also totally worth it, eclipsing the Aveline adventure in enjoyment and thrill levels. Youre looking at a 68 hour expansion set in a separate chunk of the ocean, with new mechanics based around the slave trade. Many of the minor sidequest activities have been replaced with slave trade related goals. Due to the shortened length of the game, your ship can only be upgraded so much, and now many of the upgrades revolve around how many slaves you free either from side activities or main quest lines, as well as how many slaves are recruited into the revolution you help to fuel. Adewale, while a different sort of hero than Edward, still manages to improve on the past couple of AC heroes in many ways, and is immediately so much more enjoyable to spend time as versus Connor. The writers continued with the steam they built up from the main campaign and managed to surround the protagonist with an array of good, bad, and somewhere in the middle characters that are all compelling and usually benefit the plots richness from their introduction forward. I hope to see more expansions like this as the series starts to get reevaluated by Ubisoft and transitions away from being an annualized title into something more.AC4 just has so much more energy, passion, and smiles all around, while still maintaining hey, theres consequences for all of this crazy stuff youre participating in. Im back in for the series now, and am looking forward to playing the acclaimed Rogue next. 