This game was the spawn of an exceptionally positive response from the publishers about the naval combat system present in Assassins Creed III. Well, did the full game add enough variety to the formula to differentiate itself from the sub game present in the game prior? Well, I think so.The story, to avoid any spoiling, is comprised primarily of our main character, Edward Kenway, seeking out wealth and glory to support his wife and himself back at home. Edward Kenway feels like an actual person, with his decisions emotionally weighing in on him. This is not to say that there is a decision aspect of the game, because there isnt.The gameplay is split up into 2 sections On your ship and on your feet. I will cover the foot section first, as that has the least do discussON FOOT  Not much has changed since Assassins Creed III. The combat system is the exact same, with that in mind. The stealth elements were enhanced by the introduction of darts. The darts replace the bow and arrow, and now allow Edward to either knock an enemy out or to drive him mad, attacking everybody around him. In addition, there is now an alarm placed in some scenarios. You can destroy the alarm, but if the alarm gets triggered, everybody is coming to you. Ultimately, this doesnt do enough to change itself substantially since its game prior.ON SHIP  Free roaming has been added! With free roaming, the overworld has added in cargo ships, storms, and forts. The combat itself didnt take many risks. The only substantial feature added was mortars. There were also explosive barrels, but I didnt find myself using them. They also added in ship leveling, which was difficult considering while you could see other ship levels, you couldnt see your own.COLLECTIBLES  thisI have better things to do than scouring a giantmap for cheat codes like seriously what the  were they thinking with so many ing collectibles like treasure maps and animus fragments and sea shanties and bottles like ing hell this is too ing much.I can recommend Assassins Creed IV to anybody. Not just fans of the previous games, but to any gamer looking for a strong story with memorable characters and a fun, if not dry gameplay style.Final Words Shut your gob! 