Assassins Creed fans know what to expect from the franchise. An engaging story, interesting characters, bigbudget cut scenes, cutting edge graphics, great music and lots of taking liberties with history. In this story we meet the famous pirate Captain Kidd early in the game and I look forward to seeing who else turns up. Also of course is the stealthoptional gameplay methodology with a character who can easily swashbuckle through droves of enemies. The challenge comes instead, of course, from jumping puzzles and mastering the ingame economy.At first, ACIV feels all too familar. You play as Edward Kenway, Haythams grandfather and a Welsh pirate who rather auspiciously finds himself in the guise of a member of a secret society. Of course this is framed by the common narrative of the Animus. This time you are a faceless Abstergo employee, tasked with playing through Edwards life to start an entertainment franchise. The rather meta nature of this is a nice touch.The familiarity fades away when you take Edwards ship out for her maiden voyage. The early stages reminiscent of Ezios tales feel like al less interesting verison of what youve played before, but this is not the meat of the gameplay. You will find rather quickly that the naval missions from AC3 have been heavily expanded on, and even after the hundredth time, boarding an enemy vessel is a highly satisfying experience. Edward soon has his own fleet of ships, their trade missions similar to those in AC3. The naval combat has also been simplified, making it much easier to take on multiple ships at once  and you will want to do so in order to upgrade your own ship as much as possible. Most of the game is spent navigating between land masses in your ship with the city exploration taking a much smaller role in what is now a much larger world.The pros Everything you expect from an Assassins Creed title. The Bahamas come alive and look absolutely amazing. The voice acting is top notch and the character designs tastefully toe the line between historic authenticity and whimsical fantasy. The story is intriguing and engaging, though like that of its predecessors, can be difficult to follow with so many distractions. It is easy to spend an entire session searching for treasures and other tokens or collectibles and forget all about what is going on in the main storyline. Plenty of side missions and challenges.The cons Edward inexplicably has all the talents and abilities of an Assassin without ever receiving any training, which shatters suspension of disbelief almost immediately and presents a rather gaping plot hole. Edwards two swords style feels rather forced and awkward, no doubt a result of the popularity of dualwielding, a fictional invention with no place in history. I find myself using the hidden blade instead most of the time.As in Assassins Creed 3, the gambling is a waste of time. The AI is infallible and never makes a bad move, so you can only lose or stalemate.PC Gamers have a tenuous relationship with Ubisoft. The CEO has gone on public record stating he believes all pc gamers are pirates, a statement that is of course patently ridiculous. In any case, as a result of Ubisofts virulently anticonsumer behavior, there are no special pc options and we basically get a bare bones console port. However, 1440p and 60 fps are both supported, albeit with some qualifications. For example, if your fps should drop to 59, the game auto caps to 30. No refresh rates higher than 60ms are supported.UPlay is, as ever, an obnoxious and unnecessary DRM disguised as a gaming platform. It has never prevented me from playing the game though. So while it is an annoyance, it is not a dealbreaker. Due to poor pc optimization, even high end systems will have trouble keeping 60 fps.Overall it is a great game with little left to be desired. PC enthusiasts will be a little disappointed in the lack of options, but the game still looks miles better than its console counterparts and will keep you busy for many hours.