10 out of 10I have played the first 5 Assassins Creed AC games and think Black Flag BF is the best of them all AC4  BF even though it is the 5th iteration. BF is a combination of the typical AC elements, sneaking, killing and swordplay, with a pirate adventure incorporating shiptoship fights, ship deck fights, diving and harpooning.The good1. BF has fantastic high detail locations, like all AC games. It is not as spectacular as Renaissance Italy AC2 and ACB, but still excellent.2. The shiptoship and ship deck fights are great new game elements StS was also in AC3, but not as extensive. The other elements we have seen before BF doesnt do anything new to them, but those elements are still good.3. The main character, Edward Kenway, is someone you can like for all his faults. He is no saint, and very enjoyable to follow.4. The side characters are really good, even though you do not see them a lot. Much thought has gone into them and how their characters evolve.5. The music, specifically the shanties  singing on the ship deck is outstanding. What shall we do with a drunken sailor?6. The game is very well optimised. At maximum settings, my laptop did not overheat once as tends to happen with such games.The bad7. The game is too long. I spent about 100 hours on it. It could have done without 25 hours of generic content such as Kenways Fleet and the generic Assassins Missions.8. The game can be frustrating when you die repeatedly die due to level design and / or imprecise controls. This is an old AC problem.9. The game can be frustrating during mass brawls as the camera angle leaves some enemies out of sight even if they stand right in front of you. The game is not good at locking on to targets either. These are more old AC problems.10. The game needed an explicit climbing button. You climb onto things if you run too close past them, even if you didnt intend to. An explicit climb button would have solved that issue. This is another recurring problem in AC games.11. The game makes no noticeable progress on the modern AC storyline.The ugly12. The morality of this game is terrible, as with all AC games. I killed more than a 1000 people in this game, yet only about 25 are bad people. The game should not have accepted you killing innocent guards. It should have had more ways to incapacitate these generic characters without killing them. Edward Kenway loses no sleep even though he is one of historys greatest mass murderers. Clearly he is a psychopath. 