ProsYoure a pirate.Booty, plunder, treasure.The Sea Shanties, probably the best part of the game.Graphics.  Beautiful and very well designed for the period.Sailing, its smooth, immersive, and tons of fun.ConsDirectional controls.  Want to jump in a paticular direction? Too bad Kenway wants to jump off a cliff.  Want to run through a tavern? Kenway wants to jump on every piece of furniture and ledge in the building, then you have to press a different button to get him to come down.  The number of buttons involed just in basic freerunning is 3, 4 if changing direction!  This really breaks the flow and leads to considerable amounts of frustration.  Contrasting terrestrial controls with sailing really brings the game down.Combat. This is just terrible.  Basic melee combat is clunky, response is minimal, damage is arbitrary, and switching gadgets is cumbersome and their impact is negligible.  Even assassinations are nothing new from the previous games and since stealth is still a guesswork of trial and error you will end up in melee more often than not.Story.  Ubisoft is still clinging to the timetravelling gene machine at the heart of an 80,000 year old scifi battle between authoritarianism and liberalism.  Kenway starts out as a narcissist advocating anarchism but through the power of friendship realises the value of liberalism and his purpose in life.  Through it all you are dragged into terribly designed missions, running over the same maps that you played hours ago, with characters that you dont care about, and listening to a protagonist that you hate.  And you HAVE to do the main story because its the only way to get upgrades.  And finally, just like all the other AC games you get pulled away from the game to faff about in the notsorealworldinpresent day because Ubisoft wants to make sure youre not having too much fun and they think its great to break up the immersion.  Seriously, WTF?Uplay.  This will make you want to give up before you even start the game.Killing animals.  The game encourages you to slaughter endangered wild life, in fact you will be required to kill several in order to craft upgrades but if you kill a cow you get a passive aggressive scolding saying your ancestor did not kill domestic animals.  If you kill a herd of cows then the game reloads for you...WTH is wrong with your Ubisoft?Based on the fact that there are so few pirate games I would grudgingly have to recommend this game but only after youre sick of Sid Meiers Pirates! which is by far a better game.