Same old Assassins Creed game. The whole assassination, 3rd person kind of game hasnt evolved or really changed since the Endgame of Assassins Creed 2. Enemies are still walking around on Rooftops for no apparant reason. They aint even looking for you, but still stand around on Rooftops. If police forces would have the habit of patroling roofs one would believe we had become accustomed to installing walkways.The gameplay as assassin is boring. The fights lacking in challange and even the biggest brawls can still be won by pressing one button. On occassion there are counter resistant enemies so you have to strike them, and sometimes someone shoots at you, so you gotta grab auto success of course someone else as shield.So now that you know you are in for the same boring Assassins Creed you have most likely become so bored off, it really annoys you just to think about playing, why would i recommend it?This time around you play as Pirate, a pirate that isnt an assassin until the end game, when he finally gets recruited, but until then you get a ship to command and pirate the caribian seas on it. While boarding ships the boring Assassin type of combat is actually not that much of problem. You get objectives like cutting down the enemy flag, killing officers or the captain and occassionally you get called out to by one of your crew needing help. The later might not be an objective and is entirely optional, but helping these crewmen actually breaks the boring, repetitive mold of 3rd person fighting.The whole Pirate Part is probably the best feeling at being a Pirate i had since Sid Maiers Pirates! to the degree where i wish it was more fleshed out. Yes, it takes up the majority of the game already, but its an Assassins Creed game after all. Its naval battles are fun, but once you have all the upgrades its as mindnumbingly easy as the land battles. I still got a good 70 hours out of it, got till almost the end i lost interest in the story and still occassionally jump into the game to sink some ships.Despite it being the same old, same old, on land, i think the title is worth 30 bucks. So if you find it at that price, get it. The naval sections are really fun, so much fun i didnt even regret buying it for a much higher price, despite the loathing ive developed for the easy land gameplay.Lack of choice and options make for 0 replayability, though. Oh and did i mention its mindnumbing easy? So easy, as someone that played all AC except 3, i got enough money from chests and enemies to buy the best sword in the game before i even got my ship. The naval map is divided into difficulties, which decide which ships will spawn in that area, allowing you some choice as to when to face harder ships. But leaving the naval battles aside, which as i said i so much enjoy to let me forget all the problems i have with the rest of the game, the game is really, really, really easy.If one never has played any Assassins Creed game and wonders about starting into the series.. AC2 is still the best, since it has a really good storyline, but id pick this as 2nd choice after AC2, if AC2 wasnt enough.