This game works fine. I cant vouch for the quality yet but the game works fine. If you dont think your computer is just a console with a keyboard, you wont have any issues.UPDATEIve since put about 24 hours into it and Ive got a much better handle on the quality of the actual game. Its definitely the best AssAss game I have played but Ive only played the first, II and III previously. I was not a big fan, to say the least.This really feels like a departure from the first three games, thematically and mechanically. If you didnt like the bulk of the previous games, the climbing, running, jumping, jumping off high things, the fairly rudimentary combat of Counter, Strike, Counter, Strike, there is still a LOT of that. This time the core AssAss experience is very well broken up by a very interesting, fun and surprisingly well realised naval game about piracy.You arent the chosen one, you are a pirate that through his ignorance and tunnel vision ends up embroiled in this existential battle. Its very easy to forget there are Assassins and Templars at all, you are reminded here and there, of course, but you are free to go back out to sea looking for islands and having ship battles.If you really didnt get on with the other games, everything you didnt like is still present. If you like ships and the sea and piracy and didnt totally despise the AC experience you may or may not have already had, its definitely worth a go.Things to keep in mind.Back up your saves regularly. I lost a good 15 hours of progress to a damaged save. delete or start new game which seems to have been fairly common.The Deluxe and/or Season Pass issue. The basic edition of ACIV on steam is entirely complete if we are talking about genuine content, not piffle. You wont run into a part of the basic game where a DLC should be. The genuine content in the Deluxe and Season pass is unrelated to the main game. Different stories, different characters and started separately from the main menu. So I would say for most people, get the basic version, you arent missing anything of note.