So I have played this game allot, and i want to do a deep review into the game, I am going to do this in sections, so here we go.SettingsThis game does a good job. Maybe some gamers may see it quite minimal but it is simply laid out and is good enough for most gamers. The sound is simple and has an option to turn off the shanties so thats nice. Of course there are key bindings which are now an essential for almost every PC game. Making it a great settings menu.StoryI am not going to give any spoilers because it has a very good story. There are many heart throbs in the story and can make you hysterically sad. But if you were here for an assassins creed game you may be terribly disappointed. This game is a brilliant Pirate game, with assassins creed on the side. So its a great story but not really an assassins creed story.GameplayThe gameplay is not to hard, and extremely satisfying. For some fans of the franchise the combat may be a little easy for you, but the brutal kills are so satisfying. The parkour is as smooth as ever and sort of reminds me of assassins creed 2s parkour but on PC leaps of faith are not as smooth as you would get with a controller. The sailing and naval combat were introduced in this game, and they nailed it, its a joy to sail through the sea and attack navy ships. Fans of the stealth will not be disappointed it has the wonderful hiding in brush and taking cover behind walls, also the classics hay boxes are still in the game. The free roam is stunning, conquering naval forts reveals the huge map giving you an advantage in finding locations. Another great feature is the naval contracts and assassination contracts, which will give you a nice reward for completing them. As you can see i am humbled by it.MultiplayerI hate to say this but I feel the Multiplayer is stale and a waist of time. Firstly it is very hard to find a game. Secondly the only rellevant gamemode there is, is killing your target before someone else kills you. As you can see i dont have much to say about this.DLCSadly the Downloadable content felt sloppy and the developers really let me down on this. I am yet to play assassins creed liberation but it is more of a separate game. I have played assassins creed Freedom Cry and got bored of freeing slaves the whole game this gameplay was very stale. Im sad about this because they gave us a great open world but they didnt use this world to its fullest.ConclusionI beleive this is a brilliant base game, the DLC and multiplayer were lacking but the other aspects of the game are brilliant and cant want for the develepors of this game to release assassins creed Empire and thats why I am giving this game a 90/100.RATING 90/100 