I started up the game and right off the bat it caps you at 60 FPS. Unfortunately, the graphics troubles werent over. This game is very poorly optimized despite how long it has been out. If you end up buying the game get it on sale there is a user guide to tweak the graphics options to fix all the problems.Once I finally got into the game I was behind the wheel of a ship and I couldnt move at all. I  wasnt sure what was going on so I waited for a bit and eventually got killed and the game reset me to retry the beginning. This time, I could move but my character was glitched into the belly of the ship. But at least I could move! However, I wasnt able to get out of this glitch and unable to pull up any type of menu so I had to kill the game from task manager and retry again. As it turns out the third times the charm! The game loaded up and there I was behind the wheel... underwater... Rushing up toward the surface of the water I piloted the ship like something out of Pirates of the Carribean. The ship breached like a whale landing firmly on the stormy waves and I began the game. All the ships in this first sequence also chose to come from Davy Jones Locker so I guess thats how we are playing this one. This also happened through out the game at random times.All the graphical issues aside, you will have to put up with Uplay. And if you live somewhere with spotty internet just be aware you will need to be online to play this even in single player. For all of these reasons above I cannot recommend this game. Moving on to the actual gameplay thoughFirst dont expect an Assassins Creed game. Thats not what this really is. Its more like Pirate Simulator build on the Assassins Creed engine if you will. And its absolutely fantastic! It has everything you can think of when it comes to Pirate Simulator, ships, upgrades, crew, battles, forts, swinging from ropes, your very own pirate fleet, treasure maps. I had a blast being a pirate.The story wasnt bad, and on its own quite good. But if you played all the other games and know their stories then this one will kinda fall flat on its face.The environment was incredible. Towns and the jungle were so much fun to play in. However, the combat is extremely repetetive and gets to be a chore very quickly. If you are the type of player to want to rambo in swords drawn cutting people down you wont have a good time. This game is about using the environment and getting the quiet kill. I really enjoyed this aspect of it and felt like the designers put a lot of thought into how all these elements came together to make the rogue like experience trully expetional.I have no doubt in my mind that this could have been an absolutely amazing game. It was fantastic, but I dont think itll be remembered for instance like Skyrim. I think it really could have though, with a little more focus on the story and sorting out the Uplay/bugs I think this game could have been incredible. Not to say that those things cant be fixed, but I think that ship has sailed.