In short AC4 Black Flag is the best Assassinss Creed game there has ever been. The gameplay is typically Assassins Creed however with the element of being a pirate, the combination of both is a fantastic idea and works great. The game truly makes you feel like a pirate sailing the seas in the caribbean.The sailing sections of the game are spectacular, boarding ships has never gotten boring. The missions are a lot more structure to previous games. The story is much more enjoyable and interesting.The character, Edward Kenway is not only a lot more charismatic than Connor Kenway AC3 he is a badass. The combat is also fantastic and much improved over the last games, the flintlock pistols are my personal favourite. He acts more like a brash and reckless pirate than a typical by the book assassin that we have seen before, he is reckless and we see him fine tuning his skills throughout the game.The graphics are stunning. Parkouring my way up a gigantic man of war ship to stare at the sun or distant ships battling it out is a great sight, diving underwater and exploring secret caves, waves crashing on my ship all look fantastic not to mention the storms which are a sight to behold, the effects when a storm sets in is not only pretty but proves challenging and the jungles are foggy and feel hot. Ubisoft has really pushed the boat out the AC4 and it was worth it. Whether you are underwater, on land or at sea the caribbean looks stunning from every angle. The world feels alive and populated.The ship battling element of AC4 plays a big part of the game and it is a really enjoable one, infact I once played for 3 hours solely sailing around, battling ships, boaridng them, taking my loot and then went of to search for another boat to destroy. The ship battling was one of my favourite mechanics of the game.Previous AC games have suffered from poor framerates etc but AC4 runs perfectly. There is still one or two bugs but nothing major game breaking personally.The multiplayer has been tidied up and it is easier to jump into a game and get killing.One thing I did love about the new game is the general UI it is so much better. Ubisoft has taken the time to design it properly and tidy it all up and no longer do you need to traverse through 5 menus to switch weapons.Voice acting is as stellar as it can be with all characters having great voice acting.Overall I think the game is near perfection and I think anyone who plays it will feel the same.There has only ever been a few games where at the end where I felt lost,  where I wanted to keep playing and urged the game to keep going. Assassins Creed 4 Black Flag is one of those games. 