Black Flag was the first game I ever reviewed on my Steam account and as such, I didnt give it any real justice.Black Flag is herald as one, if not the best of the series and for good reason. It brings us an interesting protagonist with solid, naval gameplay. It has its drawbacks sure but it ultimately turns into a wonderful experience all around.Im not usually keen on playing Yet Another White Male but Edwards depth really sold me on him. He has a perfectly understandable outlook of I want walls that hold back the wind and cold, I want food that doesnt taste like dust. This is not an exact quote as Im reinstalling after probably a year since Ive played it last, but that is effectively his motive To not be poor. This leads him to the pirate life Or Privateers as he tries to convince his girlfriend that going away for a year is whats best for them and further leads into his snarky devilmaycare attitude. He gets plenty of dialog that shows the full gamut of personality that involves greed, fear, worry, confusion, and bravery. This is how you write a character, people.The game does not waste time getting Edward in his own ship with mechanics you might recall were tapped into in AC3 but never utilized and was mostly stuck in an optional gimmick. It returns here in full blast with solid broadside mechanics that eventually turn into a melee as you render enemy ships inert. You follow through on a couple of objectives and call it a victory. Its one of my favorite aspects of the game and even includes a sort of shipbased stealth mission or two as you try to navigate your ship through swamps, avoid massive Man O Wars, and risk exploring contested waters.If theres a drawback, its that the game focuses so much on the naval combat Which, again, is wonderful that the onfoot missions suffer greatly. Most of them involve following a mark around and staying within an audio bubble to hear them properly. They are frequently irritating and not as interesting as the more straightforward assassinations that the series is known for.For those who felt the modern day segments were a blight, they thankfully take more of a backseat here. You step into the role of a voiceless employee that navigate the headquarters on your offtime and suss out the secrets of the company. Ultimately you are whomever you wish to be and exploring is largely optional as most of the time you can just log back in and go straight back into the game proper.Regardless of ones opinion on Ubisoft and recent business practices I highly recommend you get this game. Even if youre not a fan of the franchise, Black Flag stands on its own two feet and you wont need to know a lot of lore to be invested in Edwards personal journey. Please get this game. 