Black Flag is easily one of the most enjoyable and engaging open world games Ive ever played...a shame its in an Assassins Creed game.I snark, but honestly its not as bad as all that.You play as Edward Kenway, a pirate out for fortune and glory who finds himself caught between the battle of the Templars and Assassins.  While he dons the robes of the Creed  which he pilfered off an Assassin he murdered which intended to betray the order  I dont recall him ever actually officially becoming one.  In fact, the game smartely relegates the Templar/Creed scuffle to a series of side missions, while the actual story is focused on Kenway and his dogged pursuit of an ancient hidden location call The Observatorie sp? in order to obtain said fortune/glory, all while he witnesses his friends and cohorts try to start a free nation and slowly fail to maintain it.  The game understands that at its heart, its an high seas adventure yarn, so the characters are lively and vibrant, making their fall actually mean something.  Kenway doesnt fair AS well.  Hes only slightly less of a selfish prick at the end as when he starts, making his arc seem somewhat shallow, but hes a fun character nonetheless amongst a sea of fun characters.The traditional mechanics of the AC sections of the game work just fine and in fact have been streamlined to their most approachable style yet, particularly for the pc.  However, its still AC, which means in inherant lack of control of the main character and a certain lag to movement which can have you leaping off a cliff to your desynchronized doom when you wanted to latch on to another ledge.  Its nothing egregious...or at least it wouldnt be exceptThe entirety of the game played in between your Assassins Creed IV is a game called Black Flag and it is the best pirate game since Sids opus.  It has no high aims at mechanical complexity, but simple arcade style engagement.  You move your camera to the four sides of the ship to use the weapons theyre equiped with.  Port n starboard hold your broadsides, forward the chains for enemy sails and aft landmines to hold off persuers.  Right click aims/arms em and left click fires em off.  There are additional special weapons such as mortars and heavy shot that the game could do better to explain how to use...such as actually explaining how to use them q to aim mortars and left click blindfire when facing the side of the ship to use the devastating heavy shot, but its all kept very simple.In fact on paper, its shallow to the point of insulting and yet it works for the shallowest of reasons It looks and sounds AWESOME!  This is the best looking ocean to have ever been rendered for a vidja game, ranging from the calm luminescent greens of the carribean shallows to the dark hued hell of a tropical squall all while multiple ships fight the waves right along with you, battling amongst themselves and yours if you give em guff.  It all sounds as good as it looks, from the soft boom of distant ship battles echoeing on the horizon, to the gungho music that plays when in the middle of a ship brawl yourself, to the clashing of swords as you board an enemy ship.While this gives the impression of a shallow experience, the realtime mechanics actually keep things fresher far longer than a more technical approach would offer.  Fighting the waves and weather makes for engaing shiptoship battles as you gauge distance, timing, speed, and manueaverability, allowing those with the aptitude to take on ships four times their size and class.  At first, the booty alone is your reward, but eventually youll gain access to your own fleet, with which you can add conquered ships.  This is handled through a minigame scenario wherein dangerious shipping lanes are fought over using multiple ships in the form a Active Time Battle style turned based fight ala the old SNES Final Fantasy games, whereupon cleared shipping lanes allow your ships to safely make trips that net you a substantial amount of wealth if you have the goods to trade.  Its not taxingly complex, but theres enough depth to make it a worthwhile endevour while also providing incentive to take on the most powerful ships you encounter while on the high seas.The thing that strikes most about Black Flag is easily its scale.  The game map is MuhHASSIVE, but while most of it is open water pocked with fairly repetative tasks treasure chest, harpooning, and animus fragments, the ability to dock your ship at any port, leave the wheel, and hop onto the dock to explore all in realtime save three large cities and a base of operations is nothing short of quietly breathtaking.  Its a small thing that speaks to how impressive the size and detail of the game really is.I dont have much to say about Assassins Creed IV.  Not to sound haughty, but it really is just another Assassins Creed game.  Its been streamlined extensively tbf, Ive only played I n II, so it certainly makes for a smoother experience, but otherwise its nothing you cant get from any other AssCreed.But I HEARTILY recommend Black Flag.  I can only hope one day someone will have the good sense to take the mediocre franchise its attached to and remove it.