A truly amazing pirate adventure the likes of which I have yet to see!This game is set in the golden age of piracy. It borrows heavily from historical figures and accounts while spicing it up just enough to make it a great adventure game.You play a nonhistorical pirate who slips into the role of an assassin during the games introduction. This is very interesting for many reasons. Firstly, it means this pirate game is unlike any other pirate game, because you have much more to do than just plunder, pillage and drink copiuous amounts of rum. Throughout the story, your character fights beside an ancient group of anarchists, but also many historical pirates such as Blackbeard, Hornigold and of course the legendary Bartholomew Roberts.You start off with a small galleon named Jackdaw. At first, it barely has enough firepower to threaten a lonely trade ship, and its hull falls appart if a rock formation looks at it wrong. By the end of the game however, you can upgrade it so much that it can take on fortresses, ships of the line and even legendary ghost ships. This is where I think the fact that this is an AC game truly shines.All other pirate games that I have played have distinct game modes such as sailing mode, land exploration mode, ship combat mode, etc. Not so here! There is no transition from walking around the harbor to sailing your ship. This is because ships like nearly everything else save for sheer cliffs is climbable. So, if you are done on the shore and want to set sail, you climb on board your ship, walk to the helm and grab the wheel and off you go!This is even more amazing if you board another ship. You will be presented with a series of objectives, but how you complete them is up to you. You can stay on board your ship, fight on the enemy deck or climb around aloft and do airassassinations on their important fighters from above.Add to this the great graphics engine that runs smoothly even on my old GTX 780. My GPU is 10 years older than this game, and yet it still looks amazing. This is because they took great care to make the interaction of the environment with your character to seem realistic. Anything from how you swing with a rope during boarding actions to brushing away leaves while strolling through a jungle looks very detailed and believable. I should also mention the water, which is another thing that works much better than most other pirate games I have played. It feels like a real ocean, up to the point where you have to factor it into your line of shooting during ship battles. Waves vary in size and have a direct influence on cannon trajectory. Also, huge waves look really scarey. They are less of a gameplay danger and more of a holy crap look at that thing! moment that sent shivers down my spine.So, graphically, this game blew me away, even compared to newer games with better graphics. Id say it was less the technical specs and more the atmosphere and how the world was built. It just feels real!There are many more things to go into, but one more thing I want to point out are the diving scenes. They are the only thing that are really seperate, because you have to dive using a diving bell and you have no weapons. Instead of hiding from guards, you have to dodge sharks and sea urchins while searching through forgotted wrecks for lost treasure. Here again we see how much love the designers gave the concept of making the game feel real. It is loads of fun to explore the many caves and wrecks that hide on the ocean floor. There is even one quest that require you to navigate an abandoned mine shaft, take out a guard and then use only the weapons you find to assassinate a target in a cave that has no other access.There is only one problem I have with this game Once you complete all the quests, the game is over. Usually, end game content isnt something I need, but this game is so amazingly awesome that I really wish there was some sort of item I could spend 1000 hours grinding for. The crafting system is really cool, especially because you have to hunt down plans for maxing out your ship by opening chests. Having said that, I wish it was more like Skyrim where I could spend weeks or months trying to find ways to make my gear even better.So basically the only complaint I have is that it is so awesome that Im sad I beat it.