Well Ubisoft does it once again! They have made another incredibly ing boring game which is just a rehash of the samethat has happened fifty ing times before it. I mean this game is even painful for me to talk about so much so that I had to snort cocaine just to stay awake to write it. Its barely working. So AssCreed, which is another yearly franchise like of Call of , comes out with a sequel where you play a pirate but he does some assassin stuff and none of it really matters. Anyways, just click the read more, there isntto say about this game really but Ill do my best.So this game starts out with you in some new ing lab in the future where they turned the animusinto a way to make movies. There is this awful sequence where you walk painfully slow and at a super low field of view towards an animus just so you can get the actual ing game part where you want to be. Im actually glad they cut this animusway down because it was ing AWFUL in all of the previous games. They would have been way better if they just made them a historical period piece without all the  science fiction diarrhea. But Ubisoft is comprised of frenchCanadian  so what do you expect? Once you get into the actual game you play a ing pirate who wants to get rich which is ing decent, I would vastly prefer to just pirate around with my pirate bros. Instead the first thing you ing do is kill an assassin because, you know, these well trained sneaky assassins are no ing match for some stupid pirate that we are just introduced to.This is the exact ing point in which the game becomes TWO games, one being ing decent and the other which is fairly fun but marred by the interjections of the other one. The first game is the same pile of rotted diarrhea dogthat we have played before where you FOLLOW GUY A, CHASE GUY B, ASSASSINATE GUY C. They didnt even ing try to make it any ing different, it is literally the SAME ING STUPID AS BEFORE. Hell, even the previous games had more ing mission variety than this crap. At least Havana and the other towns are way more ing interesting than the  colonial towns in the previous game but that isnt really saying much. Exploring Rome and the other cities in AC2 was still infinitely more interesting. The other part of the game is BEING A ING PIRATE. You can float around the ocean, board ships, kill people and steal ing booty and  all day. This portion of the game is actually kind of fun as I wish it was just simply a ing pirate game BUT NOPE. HAVE TO MAKE IT AN ASSCREED GAME because of  ing name recognition.Additionally, Ubisoft has improved ABSOLUTELY NOTHING. This game is a ing example of laziness in the extreme. They didnt fix any of the issues with the camera going ing bananas when you get too close to a wall, or the clipping issues. They didnt fix the  running than will magnetically attract to certain ing objects even if you dont want to be. The first half of the game is still a giant ing tutorial. Seriously Ubidick, this is like what? The fifth of sixth game in the series? WE DONT NEED ANOTHER ING TUTORIAL OF ALL THE SAME WE PLAYED IT A MILLION TIMES BEFORE BECAUSE YOU KEEP HASHING OUT THIS Anyways, the pirating parts of the game are fun with upgrading your ship, plundering and blasting other ships on the sea and then selling the booty. You can get all sorts of different weapons for your ships with more powerful cannons, mortars, front firing guns, ramming upgrades. The AI on the enemies boats is decent enough as well and with the slow movements of the sail boats actually puts up a fairly decent challenge with some of the boats.THEN YOU GO BACK TO THE OTHERWHERE YOU JUST ING FOLLOW A GUY AND THEN KILL SOMEONE. Its so ing boring and the combat is still atrocious where if you just mash the left mouse button you will instantly take everyone out with no effort whatsoever. Occasionally you have to press E to counter, but counter in this game really just means INSTANT ING KILL. There is no challenge at all when it comes to these portions of the game. At least the graphics are pretty nice with a pretty good looking ocean, huge storms that come out, going over large waves, lush trees and tropical environments so no complaints there. JUST THE  TERRIBLE ASSASSIN PARTS. I dont even care about the story either, you just go after some stupid Observatory to get rich and thats about it. Its really ing boring. Overall, this is just two games that were mashed into one with half of it being the same garbage that Ubisoft has released before. This game is diarrhea city.5/10 