Black Flag is as big of an improvement over ACIII as ACII was over the original Assassins Creed while ACIII took the series trademark parkour gameplay mechanics and applied them to an open world, much of that worlds freedom was limited or illusory. Black Flag makes the biggest leap forward the series has taken yet by giving you true freedom to go wherever you please whenever you please. Unlike ACIIIs overlong prologue, Black Flag thrusts you right into the action and has you at the helm of a seafaring vessel very early  after a few introductory missions, the game centers itself squarely around sailing  naval combat which gels with the spirit  magic of Assassins Creeds distinctive gameplay. There are a huge array of side quests and tangential, selfcontained missions alongside the main story which you can go through at your own pace, and the light RPG elements return in the form of levelling up your weapons and ship as you progress through new waters. What makes this formula special isnt the plot or characters some are likeable though not particularly memorable but the world they inhabit  so alive it practically pulses with its own energy in a unique fictional slice of history  combined with freedom of exploration  activity. Ive spent hours at a time sailing aimlessly through the sunfilled isles of the West Indies simply watching the weather change or engaging in naval battles and looting ships before taking to shore to stretch my legs and run through the jungles of deserted isles or the dense populace and buildings of bigger cities. There are buried treasures and letters in bottles to be found across a large map, a variety of animals to hunt in different regions to craft upgrades and new outfits, and even underwater swimming sections in which you evade sharks and other deepsea dangers in pursuit of sunken wealth. Gone is the overarching presentday storyline featuring Desmond  Co. which had grown very stale and convoluted the Animus returns, but in an entirely new context thats creative  fun and features some ingenious metagame narrative flourishes.Black Flag is, in my opinion, by far the best Assassins Creed game to date including the newer generation entries such as Unity and Syndicate, with the more dated and linear yet still brilliant ACII trailing behind. It injected a sense of wonder  adventure into a series that had grown stale, and it gives players the closest experience theyll have to being a seafaring pirate during the golden age of piracy. It may be the best naval action game ever made, and it combines the best elements of the series with a true open world sandbox I still marvel over and bound around in to this day. Whether youre already an initiated Assassins Creed fan or new to the series, this comes with my highest recommendation as its one of the best adventure games in recent memory. A solid9.5/10. 