Arrr, ye pirates Assassins Creed IV Black Flag feels slightly different, than the other AC titles. Whys that?Well, first of all, the main components are still the same.Youre playing as Edward Kenway, a pirate which ends up being involved in the Assassins vs. Templar war.The gameplay didnt really changed, as youre still running and parcouring around in thirdperson. Climbing up on lookouts, to reveal the map, collecting stuff like chests and animus fragments, doing assassination missions and following the main quest about a mysterious observatorium.So far, everything as usual. The one big thing which changed, or was rather heavily extended, is the ship you are sailing with.Already introduced in AC3, youre also getting your own ship this time of course, what would a pirate be without a ship , the Jackdaw. With said ship, youre spending a lot of time travelling through the caribbean sea, hunting down whales and sharks, exploring sunken ships and underwater caverns, battling other ships and boarding them to get gold and ressources in order to upgrade the Jackdaw eg. more cannons, reinforced hull, different looking steering wheels or sails.In my opinion, the part where you are sailing around and enjoying the dynamic day and night cycle, checking for profitable ships to hunt down or just enjoying the waves on the sea is the best part of the game.The Sea Shanties your crew will sing along on the open sea are also great for the atmosphere and pretty entertaining i found myself singing along with them D .The story itself feels a bit bland and is starting off pretty boring in my opinion.But it gets better throughout the missions and there are quite some interesting and likable characters which improves the story after the beginning.The graphic is pretty good, nothing groundbreaking, but very atmospheric and it can create some beautiful moments, especially with the day and night cycles.The world itself is also quite big, with enough places to visit and roam around to fill hours and hours of gametime. If you dont like collecting stuff or repetitive missions/ship battles, then you might be bored after a while. Even though the ship battles feel quite dynamic, at some point, its still quite the same especially if you upgraded your ship and youre more powerful.Overall, i found it to be a different Assassins Creed title, as i had the feeling that component wasnt overly present. I had much more fun sailing around and exploring, than following the main mission. But i think thats also pretty subjective. Its still a very good game and i would recommend it to anyone liking the AC titles and/or good actionadventures, especially with a very good pirateflair.Now, drink up me hearties and get back aboard, treasures are waiting, arrrr 