Disclaimer this is a long review, and I may have spent a bit too much time on the negative side of things. Hang in there.I came into Assassins Creed 4 with a few fears, as I was mildly dissapointed with Assassins Creed 3. My qualms with that game include the reliance on a subpar stealth system, and a combat system that is just ridculously easy.To be honest, none of that has really changed with Assassins Creed 4. It definitely has problems. It is still a game that has an incredibly flawed stealth system. Edward is incapable of crouching, unless of course, he is in a bush. Enemies will sometimes be completely clueless, watching complacently as you stab a man 10 feet in front of him and throw him into a haybale. Somtimes, theyll be ruthless, like they have magic sonar and can spot you from huge distances. And of course, theres always everybodys favorite Trailing Missions! Oh yeah, theyre in full swing here! One detection and instant failure state! I understand that these are sometimes necessary sequences in the story, but, please! For the love of god, please just give us this exposition some other way. These trailing missions are infuriating! Also Boat Stealth! Yep, not kidding. Its also broken. Lookouts on enemy ships are apparently worthless, or blind, in this game. They only are capable of looking for only 30 feet IN FRONT of the ship, not behind AT ALL. Honestly, how in the world can you not notice a hulking brig lurking around in the water in clear daylight? Boat stealth sections really took me out of the moment, and they just seem ridiculous.Since AC3, the combat system has largely stayed the same. Dont get me wrong, it is fun to rack up the combo kills, but it just feels so easy. Prolonged fights are nearly impossible, unless youre trying to prolong them. Fights that are supposed to have weight end up falling short because of this. Honestly, the fight with the Assassin at the beginning of this game is extremely anticlimactic. Theres a long, dramatic chase sequence that leads up to a dramatic confrontation on the beach. This is an assassin, a legendary killer. How will you defeat him?!! And then he dies in one swing.This may seem insignificant, but it just seemed steange to meLike I said, this game has problems. But, If you can look past them, this game is the best Assassins Creed game in the series. But, to me, this really isnt even an Assassins Creed game anymore. Its a pirate game, up there with Pirates of the Carribean and Sid Meiers Pirates. When you play this game, you feel like a. Once you get through the opening story missions and get released into the world, at the helm of the Jackdaw, with a crew of fearsome men ready to take on the world, this game shines. You can do whatever you want. Attack ships at random, racking up notoriety until you are wanted dead. Sailing to parts unknown, discovering mayan artifacts and hidden treasure. Hunting island animals and fearsome beasts of the sea, and crafting items from their skins and bones to further your characters abilities. Diving underwater and exploring shipwrecks, while avoiding the fearsome jaws of a shark Speaking of which, these underwater sharkstealth sequences are tense, and honestly scary. They are the only stealth in this game that I enjoy. Upgrading your ship into a vessel to be reckoned with, and engaging in epic naval battles with legendary ships. All of these side activites are a welcome distraction from the usual sneaking and stabbing of an Assassins Creed game, and they work extremely well, because they are always enjoyable. Not to mention the fact that all this is being realized in stunning graphics. This game has an unbeleivable amount of content, and it has never felt like a grind. I have spent close to 80 hours in this game, and I still havent completed the main story, because I didnt have to. I was busy being a pirate, not an Assassin.TLDR At the end of the day, this is a good game. It has its problems, and they are numerous. But if you think of this as a pirate game and play it like a pirate game, giving marginal attention to the story missions, you will love it.