Lets start with the ProsFully fleshed out ship warfare.  If you enjoyed the ship battles in ACIII Then you need to get this game.  Seriously... its greatHuge explorable map.  Relatively soon after the introduction after you get your ship, the world is your oyster.  The further south you go the harder the ships get, so be careful.COLLECTIONS, COLLECTIONS, COLLECTIONS.  You have Animus fragments, messages in a bottle, treasure maps that you must collect and then lead you to treasure, sea shanties for your crew that they actually sing, and various wildlife for you to exterminate to make yourself look cooler, oh and the Mayans left some stuff laying around.The atmosphere is absolutely amazing.  The shanties mentioned before are actually sung really well and makes your pirate ship come alive.  Cities feel lifelike and there is plenty to do on the high seas.Oh yah... this is Assassins Creed.  There are two different types of Assassin style missions.  Pirating assassinations, and the Creed assassinations.  So get out there and kill some people.If you have a tablet PC you can further enhance your experience by downloading the app that aids you while youre within the game.  This app will load up the full map and you can mark things on the map on your tablet and it will mark it in your game.  It will also track your overall progress, load up your treasure maps instantly if youre on an island that relates to that map, and manage your fleet of ships even if youre off line.  This is one of the first games I have played where  the mobile app for the game actually provides great functionality.  If you do not have a tablet you can load it on your mobile phone as well.Legendary ships provide a great challenge for the mastery of your vessel in combat.Without giving too much away the story and its characters are all absolutely fantastic and is on par with ACII story telling.So the ConsGet stuck on random stuff sometimes when free runningWeird issue when loading in and seeing your ship in either A. Massive pit in the ocean.  B. Popping up from the bottom of the ocean.  C. Doing a reverse titanic and unsinking itself.   Its pretty rare that it does this, but its still pretty funny.Boat variety is a bit lacking.  There is only five classes of ships you will ever see in the game, plus the unique legendary ships.  The Man O Wars can put up a good fight though, especially if they have help.Similar to WatchDogs the PC optimization is quite awful so heres a pro tip1. Turn off in game Vsync, and set the Physx Particles to Low.2. Turn on Adaptive Vsync through your Nvidia control panel and voila... enjoy your many pirating adventures.Overall the game is quite wonderful and I would rank it up there with ACII in terms of game play.