So... lets talk about AC4.I liked the first AC, loved AC2 and Brotherhood. Revelations... well... more of the same without the same appeal and AC3... lets not talk about that, shall we?My expectations werent that high and in the first hours AC4 seemed to deliver exactly what I expected More of the same jumping and running during some really boring missions.Fortunately, as soon as you finally have access to your ship, the whole world and all the side content, this game really gets off. Ship combat, side missions, exploring, collectables, your own island, ship upgrades, theres real fun to be had here. The ship controls are fantastic though not really realistic, the world looks gorgeous, the soundtrack is really good and the songs your pirates sing are hilarious. Also the game is really into details. If you ever wanted to be a captain of a pirate ship, heres your chance.Theres so much fun to be had you almost forget the main missions and well, those are the problem Those are boring, completely unnecessary and sometimes a pain in the Okay, they are not THAT bad, but compared to the rest of the game, they just arent as good. Problem is, you have to do them to progress. So yeah... they are a let down.Also I dont really care about Edward. Hes a cool guy of sorts, but nowhere near as cool as Ezio was. Certainly cooler as Connor though.The PC port is mediocre, dont play this game without a gamepad. The graphics performance is subpar, I get some tearing despite having tried all VSync options. If you want to play that game, update your graphics driver first  it helps somewhat, but doesnt fix all the problems. It looks nice though and nVidia Surround works flawlessy. Actually I have to praise Ubisoft for that, every single AC since AC2 had a centered HUD and centered cutscenes, which is really nice and  unfortunately  not standard. Well done.So, is it a good game? Yes. Is it the perfect game? No. The main missions are boring, Edward is somewhat irrelevant, the story isnt the best and the whole present thing doesnt interest me one bit. But in my opinion, the whole side content is really good and theres plenty of it. The main missions are mostly short, so at least you can do them fast and get to the real fun afterwards.