There is this moment in AC Black Flag that you will find yourself in, where you are not really doing anything you are not chasing anyone, you are not progressing the story, you are not looking for a ship to board. You are just sailing on your brig, the weather is nice, the crew is singing shanties and your trusty quartermaster is giving commands. As much as is possible in a game, in the very simple scenery mentioned above, Ubisoft have managed to create and transmit to the player a feeling of freedom and of commanding your own fate that is very rarely encountered in games.Let me start the review by mentioning the extremely short list of the two things that are NOT good about it.The first, after a point, are the side activities. All of them are fun, some are even challenging and many can be performed in a very stealthy  like manner, adding to the games immersion effect. The problem is that, after you capture your first couple of forts, kill your first two or three assassination targets and board and capture your first dozen of ships, it all becomes a rather pointless rinse and repeat, performed only to fill counters and gain achievements or ingame rewards. I would have preferred a higher sense of dread whenever a couple of menowar appeared and a much more sparsely populated sea.The second of the not good things is the present  day setting. It is not so much that it is bad, it is actually done in a way that highlights the fact that while a player assumes the role of a character that jumps from rooftop to rooftop, he or she is actually having as much physical activity as a starfish. However, it is exactly this great disparity between the actionpacked adventures of Mr. Kenway and the lackadaisical walking around of a faceless and speechless employee in the Googlelike Abstergo building, incapable of calling even an elevator without a tablet, that ruin it for me which is too bad, because the general concept and setup were pretty refreshing.On to the tons of things that are good and make this game a musthave for every serious gamer.Black flag is visually captivating. The environs, lush vegetation, open sea, tropical waters and jungles have been exceptionally well represented. Sailing the Caribbean is a treat to the eyes and if you add the lively cities, the smaller islands hubs and the underwater wrecks that often amaze, you have a game that seeks, and succeeds, in making you say whoa nice even years after its release.Adding to the sights are the sounds. The music of Black Flag fits wherever it has been implemented. The sounds of the sea, battles or shanties, in combat, of cities, of smaller locales  it all fits well to the occasion. Crowned with excellent voice acting, it really helps give the feeling of the era without arrr clichs.Combat, on land, is some of the smoothest and best playable stuff I have seen in the series. You can do what you want, without struggling, while having just the right amount of tools for it. Moving and targeting are also upgraded and you will rarely find yourself doing what you didnt intend to do.Naval warfare is engaging and addictive, albeit, sadly, still having sailing vessels able to change course like motor boats. Nevertheless, it is an active and aggressive process, which makes it a lot of fun, and perhaps that is the reason why a more realistic version of naval warfare, which would feel more static and sluggish, was not opted for.The main story line is the games actual forward pushing force, with all its colourful characters and interesting conversations, from legendary pirates to the Templars and Assassins and, finally, to a protagonist who is cocky and arrogant, confident and a bit megalomaniac, a pirate with his own personal drama and conflictions, mouthing off where he needs to and saying little where little needs saying. As it goes on, it becomes centered on one thing and one thing only, leaving behind the complexities of previous storylines and delivering you a straightforward, easy going motivation, unburdened by the big historical synergies that this series is so much used to. It is a good thing that it does, because this is, after all, pirateland, and it should be about loot, profit and the occasional backstabbing.In closing, Black Flag is one of those rare games that you will play to exhaustion, because it is so very rewarding. Either in the gameplay sense or the simple feeling it gives you  the feeling of freedom the title is all about, this is a masterful title in the series and the entire industry as a whole.Whatever else happens for you in this game, you will never forget that first time when your lookout on the Jackdaw will shout Larboard sir! Floating booty for the taking sir!  and isnt this what games are all about?