The visuals in this game were impeccable. Very well done, and even the tiny details were thought out like rainbows forming when viewing mists / falls with the sun in the background. Beautiful scenes.As for the story, I was less impressed. It was more of the same mechanics from AC3, with carbon copies of items, houses, etc ... and yes, those board games. They are ALL back though you dont have to do rediculous things with them anymore. As for the main storyline  it is weak, and I didnt like it  they tried to force piracy into the Assassins Creed and draw out some similarities to make a bridge so that when Edward did start running with the Assassins, you would believe it. The entire time I kept calling t. It was out of character for Edward, as well as for the Assassins. Seems like they fixed the naval battles though, so the ones you need to do for the plot cant be upgraded past this happened in AC3 where your ship would be so upgraded that the mission would be very hard because you would insta kill instead of disabling ships.Im all for being pulled out of the animus for breaks between chapters, but in 4 they took this too far. So many minigames and collectibles, that I felt the outside stuff was a chore just to get to 100 completion.Grinding is a problem in this game. I finished the game with all of my equipment / weapons upgraded, but forgot to tackle Kenways fleet  which means I am basically logging into the game every other day to check on mission progress which is multiday realtime missions. It sucks. Its grindy, and it has no affect on you except for pointless artifacts for your base and unlocks that you must get for 100. Chests and animus fragments were a chore too. Legendary ship battles are insanely difficult and not really worth the reward  again, dont even bother with them unless your ship is fully upgraded and you want to spend a day in frustration.On that note, the social sharing for rare finds is terrible. This mechanic allows you to share rare finds with your friends, which gives them a chance to find them as well. This is only enabled during community events which is never explained or shown. Ive put 82 hours into the game and have found 3. A community event is set in the Initiates site, which you then have to meet the requirements for the rare stuff to trigger.with your uplay account.Edit Turns out theyve disabled social stuff until it is patched, expected in January.Must be played with a controller.All in all, a solid game. Stick to the main missions and dont worry about the outofanimus crap, collectibles and other junk unless you are going for 1004/5 