The 4th iteration of the main Assassins Creed games, Black Flag is arguably one of the better titles in this exceptional series.Having put over 200 hours into this game over both the Xbox 360 and Xbox One versions of this game, I felt I should experience this game as it was truly meant to be played, on PC. While the port isnt the best ever produced, it was better than previous ports in the series.Pros Beautiful Graphics Smooth and Satisfying combat system that makes you truly feel that you are controlling a master swordsman Fantastic and detailed enviroment, one of the best in the Entire Assassins Creed franchise The Naval Combat is refined and gratifying. Immobilising a Man O War, boarding it and slaughtering the crew is an adrenaline rush, that thus far, has never gotten old An atmospheric and masterfully composed soundtrack Long and detailed narrative that focuses on Edward Kenways search for the First Civilisation temple known as The Observatory. While a little too light on the whole Assassins Vs Templars war that has been the focus of the series, I found it interesting and thought provoking none the less.Cons The port is a typical Ubisoft port, with frequent framerate drops being prominent throughout. Even with my midrange rig, 60fps at 1080p wasnt always that achieveable. The main Antagonist is somewhat dull, with other villans in the franchise such as Cesare Borgia and Haytham Kenway being much more memorable and charasmatic. The main missions require arbitrary optional objectives to be completed in order to get 100 sync on them. Unnecessary and unwelcome. Combat System lacks almost any challenge. The majority of player will be able to defeat entire groups of guards without even getting hit. This is somewhat negated with the naval combat taking on a legendary ship with only light upgrades is a sure fire way to load up Dark Souls for a relaxing and laid back experience.Overall, Assassins Creed 4 Black Flag is something quite remarkable. An exceptional game that came at a time where the Assassins Creed series, according to the vocal minority, was beginning to tread water. Fantastic mechanics and aesthetic design make this game a cut above the rest. Sailing around the high seas, my HUD faded in the background, the sound of sea spray splashing against the hull and my crew erupting into Way me Susiana is a truly remarkable experience that I, among many others, will never forget. A must play. 