After 84 hours, and 75 of the game completed, I really think this is one of the best if not the best AC concept ever.A large map almost free to roam, plenty of different activities to waste your time with, and some very nice detailing like all the sea shanties, different types of ships, animals, environments, etc. And of course to top it all  Its about pirates! Arrgh. However  There are plenty of problems as well.First of all, Uplay  What the F Ubisoft?If you force people to use your software, please, make sure it actually works without problems. My installation works OK, havent had much problems, but pretty please, dont ever gamble with peoples save game files  Ive lost count of all the discusssions Ive already seen about lost saves. !Oh and with a game offered on Steam, could you also consider not having the same default hotkeys for some actions, like screenshots, as Steam has?Second, No Ubisoft, NO! Bad boy. You DO NOT SELL cheats and timesavers as DLCs. Thats just wrong, and takes away much from the actual gaming experience.. It is an accepted part of games like this one, that you should either waste your time playing right, or waste your time cheating on Google. It is all a vital part of the complete experience.Ive also seen plenty of people wondering how to deactivate their purchased cheats, after theyve made the MISTAKE of activating a cheat pack.  Im not one of them, dont know if there is a way to do this?Third, a game still actively sold and supported as far as I know, should really be a finished and polished product by TWO YEARS after release. But NO... There are some crazy bugs out there, like for instance  Today I was carrying out an assassination contract. Killed everyone I found in the target area, but did not find my target. Tried this for multiple times, until I decided to try and drown myself. Strangely, that helped. oO The target appeared.Dont want to go on whining, so Ill just end this by saying that this actually is a great game,but be prepared for all sorts of small glitches and problems, and keep in mind you are likely to end up seeing some crazy st thats hopefully not there by design, before youve reached 100 in game.P.S.POSSIBLE SPOILERI was really disappointed to see we only got a glimpse of some of the most interesting characters in the game, before we lose them for good. I would have wished to see much more of Blackbeard and Mary. Specially I think its a shame how soon Mary was just written off, without a good background story...