I really wanted to like this game, and for the first few hours I really did. As you can see by the number of hours I spent playing, I stuck it out because I really wanted to recommend this game. In the end, however, it just didnt pan out.It starts out with a lot of promise, but it gets tedious after a few hours. There are seven types of collectibles strewn about the world treasure chests, hidden treasure chests, treasure maps, messageinabottle, animus fragments, wild animals to hunt, and sea shanties and they take forever to collect. Some are more enjoyable to get than others. The sea shanties arent that bad, but you have to go chasing after them which can be a hassle depending on what sorts of challenges you like. The buried treasure chests are challenging to look for, but if its not your cup of tea then the search can be irritating. The collectibles on the tiny islands in the middle of the ocean are the worst because you have to dive off the ship and go swimming to the little islands to grab a chest, then go swimming back. It takes forever!Granted, you arent required to find most of these collectibles, but if you want to afford upgrades so that you can stand a chance in combat later on then its a strong recommendation or if youre a completionist, of course. Boarding ships gets especially tedious after the hundredth time, and there are many unskippable animations and minicutscenes that play the same every time you do a certain action. Eventually your patience will wear thin and even sending your fleet on trading missions will become dull and obnoxious. I dont know how bad the tedium would be for a casual player, but I really dont want to spend several hours trying a lite playthrough to see if its possible.The story is soso. Fortunately, most of the time is spent in the animus. And most of the time you just play a piratical actionadventure until it takes a strange turn into piratesmeetsscifi. Its honestly not that bad, and the setting returns to normal at the end, but it could have done without. For what its worth, the story is a mostly fun adventure and the characters in the past are pretty interesting, even if theyre not all loveable.ProsSome fun weapons. My favorite is the berserker dart.Sailing the high seas can be pretty fun and/or relaxing.SEA SHANTIES! YOUR CREW SINGS FOR YOU!The soundtrack in general is great.All the strengths of the previous AC games are here.More customization. Outfits, custom parts for your ship, and renovations for your manor.Famous pirates such as Blackbeard and Charles Vane make an appearance. Characterization in general is pretty welldone. Kenway is charming and most of the characters are fullfledged and engaging.Wide variety of settings. Sail around the caribbean and dive underwater at certain spots.At times, feels like a bigbudget Sid Meiers Pirates.Fast travel is a godsend.You can pet dogs. Obviously Ubisoft had their priorities straight.ConsThe tedium is hefty, especially if you are a completionist. On the bright side, you can collect most of the collectibles early in the game and get them out of the way. At mission 4 out of 13 I was able to get almost 75 game completion.Some stupid scripted set pieces that look good in a trailer for E3 but make for bad gameplay. On more than one occasion I was delayed from completing an objective because it was too soon for the games liking. Also, the canned animations that play the same way every time something happens! If one more stupid frickin eel jumps out at me from the seaweed, so help me....If you dont get all the sea shanties in close succession, then the first ones you find will become tiresome from hearing them so many times. Fortunately, you can turn off shanties and then turn them back on once youve collected them all.No one cares about the animus or the metastory arc. Just have an opening and ending cutscene in the modern day and then let us swashbuckle in peace in the middle. To be fair, there is far less modernday stuff in Black Flag than in past installments.Swordfighting can be frustrating because many of the soldiers are very adept at blocking your attacks.The main game is pretty short. I usually consider this a good thing because I like games to be short and sweet when possible, but not in this case. I feel that the developers placed too much importance on collectibles to drag out the games length instead of focusing on real substance. There is even DLC that allows the player to spend less time playing the game. This is good in a way, but also bad because it proves that the game shouldnt be this long. The amount of collectibles is insane. They could have added more missions or sidequests instead.