This is the first review that I have to start with the classic I wish there was a neutral rating button line.Lets start with the positive The game looks really nice, the areas are beautiful, the music is nice, so are the Shanties. If you liked the naval battle in AC III, you will love it here, it is a lot of fun, especially once you upgrade your ship. Sailing on the ocean in the Jackdaw with your crew singing... just very immersive and looks awesome.Also, even though there are some pirateclichs, the game is surprisingly accurate when it comes to the development of the whole piratescene in the carribean. I recently read two books about it it almost seems as if the storywriter here read at least one of them, and they kinda show you how it all came to be, where those pirates came from. So not as many clichs with peglegs, parrots on the shoulder, eyepatch and yaarrr.However, I wish they had put this out as a standalone pirategame, not a part of the ACfranchise. Either they tried to attract more people who are into pirates, and so many apparently are, or they really tried to really mix things up, really try to change the scenery big time in order to reinvigorate the franchise.Slight story spoilers ahead IMO, it does not work. So here we have a greedy pirate, who often enough acts like a jerk, who gets marooned with an assassin. He kills that assassin with surprising ease, puts on a clothes, suddenly knows how to use eagle view, and tadaa, new protagonist for AC4. It doesnt work for me. I was like What, thats it? He steals this guys clothes and weapons and now suddenly has assassin abilities?Edwards main motivation is greed. People complained about a rather stoic Connor or how Shay in Rogue betrays the assassins and becomes a templar. Here we have a guy who mainly cares for gold. How is that for a sympathetic hero? I know that eventually, he realizes there are other things, but how many hours into the game is that? EVen Shay, who betrays the Assassins, has more honorable intentions as he wants to stop the assassins from dealing with things much too powerful after thousands of people died.I get that people love the pirate side of things, and if this was just a pirate game, Id give it a big thumbs up as one of the nicest pirate games. But do people really say Man, I love this franchise with this ancient order of highly trained assassins and their everlasting fight against templars. Now, the new assassin is a greedy pirate who stabs an assassin, and well drink rum, sink ships and be a pirate and assassin?Sure, lots of people LOVE pirates, and I guess many waited for another good pirate game, so I am sure for many, an AC with pirates was perfect. However, I care mostly about the assassins, characters, storyline, historic settings, and in that regard, to me, BF is not a good entry. Innovation is good, especially since the series ran out of ideas lately, but to simply blend the franchise with a safe bet theme pirates. Whats next? Wild West? doesnt work IMOIt just doesnt work for me personally, I am sorry, even though I am happy for those who actually consider this the best AC.Now, while the devs put in a lot of changes like the diving, shanties, the new blowpipe which you shoot berserk and sleepdarts with, new mechanics to naval battles, the fleet etc, they also apparently ran out of time or ideas regarding the main missions. The amount of tailing and eavesdropping here is frustatingly horrible. At some point, I quit playing because I couldnt STAND YET ANOTHER eavesdropping mission. You start a mission or templar hunt, sneak up on someone and tail him, having to stay out of sight, not aggro guards, not getting to close, or eavesdrop for quite some time.If this would have happened like, 34 times in the game, it might have been fun even. But the amount of these quests here is silly. I just tried to get back into the game after  a long break, started the next mission, and guess what? Another tailing one. Afterwards, I started a templar hunt in town, and guess what? Eavesdrop.It wouldnt even be as bad if the hiding and parcouring would be more precise. The game still suffers from some control flaws... not as bad as they sometimes where in AC2, but its less safe than in, say, Unity or Syndicate. I have played every AC so far, and yes, misjumps and mistakes happen. But they happen WAY less in those newer games. If you are supposed to totally stay out of sight and follow a pretty strict route set up by the devs for some of the eavesdrops, it only works if the controls are really tight. They often are, but still, sometimes it doesnt work.Same for combat. I played Rogue in between, and blocking in that game was much more precise than it is in BF.Optional content? Of course, you have a metric ton of that in game, just like in most other Ubisoft games. However, its not so optional. I disliked the diving with the overly aggressive sharks. However, at some point, you cant continue the storyline if you havent upgraded your ship enough. Only way to do that is with blueprints eventually which you get from underwater shipwrecks. So if you dislike the diving, get ready to do some more.Even if Rogue has more of a polarizing setup Assassin goes templar and might look more bland icebergs, snow, polarlike areas, and is VERY similar to BF, it did many things better. Taking over forts actually makes more sense more profit, blueprints are hidden in wrecks on land, so jumppuzzles rather than diving. In Rogue, you also can skip the fleetcombat minigame with your fleet, at the risk of losing a ship or two. The fleetbattles in BF cant be skipped, and even though they might be fun at first in a FBgame type way, it actually gets dull.So, here is my verdict Great pirate game  ...unfortunately, its an AC game Naval battles are fun Beautiful zones Lots of things to do Nice touch with the history of pirates Jerky main character which to me is much less likeable than even Arno, Shay or Connor Edward at first seemed like a sneaky attempt to copy Jack Sparrow. Boy, was i wrong. Wait until you meet the guy who temporarily maroons you on an island later on. Its ridiculous how much they ripped Sparrow here. Diving IMO sucks Diving is kinda mandatory for blueprints Controls not as precise as they should be While lots of things were innovated... the amount of tailing and eavesdropping is simply ridiculous, same with some of the chases. Fleet is nice for income etc, but eventually, it takes too long, wish you could skip to the results like in Rogue.I get why people love this, but to me, its not very AClike. Assassins and pirates is a stretch, but the way Edward is introduced is ridiculous.Even if Rogue is considered BF V2, because its so similar, and even though its story might not be for everyone, it did MANY things better than BF.I personally rate this above Syndicate and Liberation, but below Unity, Rogue, ACII to AC III.If you want a great pirate game, check this out. If you always wanted assassins doing the piratething, enjoy. If youre like me, mixing them doesnt work well, and Edward is pretty much my least favorite assassin. The game has quite a few things going for it, and would normally be a 7, as AC 4 I rate it a 56, especially because of the story and overuse of certain mechanics/types of missions. Was torn between thumbs up and down, but as an ACgame, its not something I recommend after enjoying the other ACs so muchBefore you go Dude, 35 hrs in game...thats a good value... I did restart the game eventually after I first lost interest, and even though I played it a bit, it never was remotely as enjoyable as the previous or later episodes, even though Syndicate was even worse IMO 