Black Flag new  October 2014Well, looky here its another Assassins Creed game. I am of mixed opinion on this series they are good enough titles that they keep me playing through to the end but increasingly I am finding it difficult to justify the purchase of the next iteration because the games are so similar to one another. Why spend 60 on a new game when I can get the same experience from the halfdozen other titles already in my collection?Black Flag has the usual excellent production values Ive come to expect from the series. I personally think that AC3 was slightly better looking, but maybe thats just because I prefer the craggy cliffs and forests of the American Northeast. Nonetheless, as expected the visuals are gorgeous and the game features some great sound and voiceacting. The motion of the boat and the waves is especially delightful.But increasingly the franchise is leaving me cold as far as the gameplay is concerned the story missions arent particularly fun to play, and the wideopen world is mostly there to hide the endless collectibles. To be fair, the collecting mechanics are difficult for me to resist it feeds into my OCD, but it feels a lot like makework to artificially extend the games length. Not to mention the game would probably be over twice as fast if not for all the interstitial  and unskippable  animations that play whenever I performed an action, from opening a menu to search a body. Sure, they only take one or three seconds each, but that really adds up over time.Oddly enough for all of its apparent size the gameworld still feels too small I could only access small parts of each island, and the oceanic gulfs between them could often be crossed in less than a minute by the time I got my ship up to full speed, it was time to slow down to prevent my slamming into the next island. The shiptoship combat is satisfying, although the boats feel both too maneuverable to be realistic too sluggish keep me from cursing their trucklike maneuvering in combat. Meanwhile, melee combat is the same as I have seen in the last six iterations of the franchise, albeit somewhat more streamlined its stylish but not exciting.As is expected from the franchise, the story is as dreadful as ever, although the characters are a touch more likable than in earlier games although given how impersonal the protagonists of the franchise are, that is not saying much. The realworld segments of the game  are an annoying bunch of minigames that are better off skipped. Black Flag is also buggier than earlier games.with odd graphical effects like ships sails getting stuck in the air or the AI scripts not running. None of these bugs are showstoppers but it indicates the effects of Ubisofts pushing the franchise to a yearly release.Its hard to bash the game as it is not /bad/ it is just not a particularly engaging or exciting series anymore. Assassins Creed the gaming equivalent of factorybaked whitebread tasty but not nourishing. I recommend it, but with the understanding it is pretty much the same as any of the other Assassins Creed games if youve never played any of those games, this is a good one to start with, but if you have, Black Flag isnt going to offer you anything significantly new over the other titles, so you might as well invest your time and money in some other game. 