I have played every game short of Syndicate. Sadly I cant review the best one since AC2 since I dont own steam keys for itUnity.On to Black FlagWhat made me fall in love with the series was interacting with the environment the way AC2 allowed you to. The setting was so rich and dense, that you could get lost in the city although you had traversed it many times throughout gameplay. Black Flag lacks this. It pushes you to quick travel the entire time because ship play is so annoying and takes soo long, that it is a waste of an afternoon floating around and getting into encounters on the way to completing the story. Now, Im not the type to just power through story either, but thats all you want to do in this game to move on to the next title to get out of ship play.If you want to make a pirate game, make a pirate gameLike they are now doing with skull and bones or whatever soon. That way only people that sign up for that crap can enjoy it. Like world of warships people. I could not get over this, and still have not been able to complete this title do to the incessant ship and oceans. Hated wind waker for this reason as well. Which brings me to the next horrible partNo cloud saving. It says saving.......It tries to fool you into believing it is cloud saving. Yet, when you uninstall to make space for another game after all the anger on all the boats, and you want to come back and rip off the bandaid to complete the story, you have SYNC ERROR and have to start all over. That intro gets really old and drawn out after the first time..........That being said, the ships in AC Rouge were barable actually.Moving away from boats and sync errors..... the environment...Theres only a few good towns that have the depth and enjoyment that brought most to this series, yet only a taste. You could probably run from city limit to city limit in the biggest city in 3 minutes. Most of the places are as simple as get the viewpoint and youve seen it all. No more wonder. If they were trying to have you do more nature stuff, they failed miserably due to the theme park style point A to point B areas, taking away any sensation of exploration. All of this separated by vast open water............ How is flat water and a horizon fun? its like swimming in a pool alone, too small to do laps. You just stand in water and stare off into space.... AC3 was better, and it sucked too. At least in AC3, the wilderness was open enough to explore, but trees are trees and it started to feel a lot like AC1 did with repetativeness, and those cities were like getting lost in modern suburbia where all the homes look identical. Super glad they took way more time to work on Origins. ACUnity will make you feel like you did when first playing AC2, although one of those review people are right about the story missions being a bit lacking.... but they did get the environment completely correct. Dead kings DLC worth it.Lastly on Black Flag.....The guns. All you have to do is shoot shoot shoot and youre good. .. ... Not why I buy stealth assassin games......In conclusion, buy this game if youre like me and need to complete the story on the series because you love the universe this series has brought to us.Hopefully no more stupid boats from here on out. 