With the end of the world plot and Demond Miles story being wrapped up in AC3, Assassins Creed IV had the freedom to explore and chart new waters and it really does show in this grand adventure. Ubisoft have shown that the Assassins series is far from running out of ideas as this installment, for me, is easily the most enjoyable and rewarding of them all.Edward Kenway, a man who is still uncertain of just what kind of man he is, takes up life on the sea in hope to one day be able to live a comfortable and easy life. His ambitions extend to as far as a coin can shimmer and no further. This story isnt one about conspiracy theories or attempts to save the world. Its a personal story of identity, purpose and self realisation that many, including myself, can very much relate to. What truly matters to a man and a woman.The characrers are easily what make this game so memorable. Each rough pirate and posh kingsman brings with them an equally vast and rich personality that youll either love to love or love to hate. The voice acting is absolutely incredible and some scenes hold some truly gripping speeches.Managing to play this on ultra, the game is gorgeous. When you first take control of Edward and you sea the deep blue of the ocean, the lush green vegetation and the warm glow of the sands, its hard to not take a minute and just observe everything around you. Even free running and chase segments in the jungle, I found myself just admiring the level desging so much.The music is yet another immersive feature to this game that a great deal of attention has been obviously applied to. The tavern music brings life to the towns you visit and the shanties sang as you explore the west indies makes you feel youre on an adventure for riches.I think the biggest attraction gameplay wise for most people has to be the naval combat. I personally love pirate games already and found the combat to be fast, intense and very enjoyable. The moment you incap a ship and call your crew to ready to board never gets old! There is enough freedom for you to play as you want. either defensively with fire barrels, up close with heavy shot, or snipe them with mortar fire. As with other Creed games, Black Flag has a A LOT of other activities to take part in, optional lands and towns to explore and mysteries to uncover! If you have an eye for adventure youll feel right at home on the Jackdaw!My only problem is that the game is still restricted to the idea youre reliving memories and as such, the animus prevents you from going to certain places at certain times becase It wasnt available in this sequence or itd take you out of the experience of the 1700s to run around in a modern day office doing chores for people you dont know and dont bother questioning why. While Ubisoft DID do a good job in limiting both those things to a minimum, it was still something that didnt need to be there and restricted the experience, for me at least.Black Flag is a very rich game in character, content and reasons to play. If you want to get lost in the oceans and adventure or be a part of a grand story with grander characters then be sure to pick this gem up! 