If you were wondering about buying this game and have spare time, stop reading now and buy this game. If you are that kind of person and are intrested in a complete review, read on!OK. Im going to write a complete review with PROS and CONS of this game. Before that let me say that Assassins Creed is a game where you play as an assassin. You have your main mission but there is nothing saying that you cant wander off and cause trouble with the guards and what not. There are always side missions and the map is HUGE!PROSEasy to pick up and play.Combat is simple with the attackcounter keys. You can also break an enemies defense or throw them. Why not?Free running is insane fun. Run up buildings or climb all the way to the top of the ship and plummit down to your death! Or if your precise you can land in the water! Why not?The main missions are always fun, but if you somehow get tired of that you can go and travelexplore, or go try an assassination mission.Graphics are beautiful.Gameplay is smooth and fun. You will never find yourself in a dull moment. Even the parts where you just stalk someone while listening in to their conversations sometimes lay in restricted zones and always are intense.SWORD FIGHTING!!!!!!!!! BLADE FIGHTING!!!!!!!!!!!! MUSKETS AND GUNS!!!!!!!!!!!!! WEAPONRY IS AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!! !The ocean is a vast place! Take your boat anywere! Enter a restricted zone? Why not? Need crew or supplies? Raid an ememy boat and take their supplies! Take over a fort? Who says no!! !YOUR NOT JUST AN ASSASSINS. YOUR A FREAKING PIRATE!There are so many more PROS in this game, that I recommend just buying it and finding out for yourself!CONSThe multiplayer isnt the absolute best, although it is fun.The game runs and feels like assassins creed 3, but this should not stop you from buying this.You can replay missions, but you have to replay the whole entire mission. For example. Say you want to replay the mission where you steal your first boat, then escape in bad weather with rouge waves and tornadoes. Before getting to the part where you drive the boat, you have to spend 30 minutes before hand finding your crew, and this can get annoying if you just want to drive the boat. INSANE FUN IN THAT KIND OF WEATHERI know that this has been going on for every game, but I think that you should be able to at least harm civillians. They are technically impervious to everything. It can get a little annoying not being able to just stab them. lol.You can control all the cannons on either side of the boat when you drive it, but I think it would have also been cool if you could have controlled one cannon specifically. That option could have made the boat funner.This took me a long time to write because this game is so much fun that I was having difficulty coming up with cons for the review DSo go buy this game now.I really love it and I think everyone reading this will love it too.11/10 