My favorite in the series so far, yet the most disappointing as well. With all the yearly iterations weve gone through you would think that some of the core mechanics might have been smoothed out by now. This isnt the case. The engine still favors style over refinement, with animations constantly getting in the way of controls. Your character still annoyingly attempts to climb literally every single thing in the environment, making chase missions an exercise in frustration.The sailing portion of the game is easily the most entertaining but it too is not without its problems. The ship controls just fine and all of the various weapons are fun and easy to use. Where it breaks down is when you have to board the enemy ship. Your crew is basically used as a timer, if you run out of crew then you desynchronize. While I never found this to be an issue, the crew is ultimitely a liability for an entirely different reason. The only thing they seem to do is crowd the deck which makes fighting the enemy sailors a frustrating chore. Your own crew will regularly hit you, get in your way, or interrupt your combo making you restart it over and over again which makes these battles needlessly aggravating.The only other problem with the game comes when you are forced to leave the Animus. You have to walk around a modern office building, talk to your boss, and spy on your coworkers. Sound fun? Yeah, its actually worse than you might think. Has anyone ever really cared about the story outside the Animus? Beside being incredibly obnoxious these scenes are also completely unskippable at least on a first playthrough, not sure if you might skip them in subsequent plays and feature characters that really add nothing to the game. Its like you go out to a gokart track and after every lap you have to file someones taxes. All you really want to do is go back to buckling swashes and yohohoing as fast as possible.Those issues aside it is a very fun game. The combat is still great when it works, the stealth is solid, the atmosphere is the best in the series and really, who doesnt want to be a pirate? 