WOW! there is absolutely no word to describe this game its just absolutely fantastic. Set during the early 18th century Caribbean during the Golden Age of Piracy, the story follows notorious pirate Edward Kenway, the grandfather of Assassins Creed IIIs protagonist Ratonhnhakton, who stumbles upon the conflict thats waged by the Assassins and Templars.Unlike most of the previous games, gameplay elements focus more on shipbased exploration in the open world map, while still also retaining the series thirdperson landbased exploration, melee combat, and stealth system. Multiplayer also returns, albeit with only landbased modes and settings.Assassins Creed IV has three new main cities Havana, Kingston, and Nassau, which is currently residing under the Spanish, British, and pirate influence, respectively. Assassins Creed IV has a much more open world feel, with missions that are very similar to those found in Assassins Creed, as well as fewer restrictions for you.The world opens up much sooner in the game, as opposed to Assassins Creed III, which had very scripted missions and did not give the player freedom to explore until the game was well into its first act. You will encounter jungles, forts, ruins, and small villages.The world is built to allow you to have much more freedom. Assassins Creed IV also features 50 other individual locations including atolls, sea forts, Mayan ruins, sugar plantations and underwater shipwrecks to explore, with a 60/40 balance between land and naval exploration.A new aspect in the game is the Jackdaw, the ship that the notorious pirate Edward Kenway captains. The Jackdaw is upgradeable throughout the game, and it is very easily accessible to you when needed. In addition, a new underwater component has also been added. You now have access to a spyglass, which allows for the examination of distant ships, along with all of their cargo and their current strength.Overall I give this game a solid 10/10 it is by far the best Assassins Creed game Ive played. I really recommend this game because I am 100 sure that Assassins Creed IV Black Flag will not disappoint you in anyway at all!.