Abstergo Employee 026598 JournalMy first day on the job is tomorrow, and I get to review Edward Kenway I am so excited. 1700 was a pretty good century as far as naval ship battles go. It makes sense considering I majored in maritime history as well as being in a family of shipbuilders and sailors.  I start tomorrow at 0700 sharp, the whole premise of this tech reminds me of the Dune Universe. Specifically the Bene Geserit matrons.So my first day was eventful. I calibrated the animus system, I had to use the animus tools to get Edward not to feel like running in molasses or make my head so hot. That didnt really work so I made my brain to animus cortex control panel to override the animus settings and turn the in animus settings down. My head is not so hot, and everything is ran crisp and clean after that. One of the side effects of the animus is short term memory loss so a lot of details escape me.Anyway, I started playing as Edward things happened. I met with this bloke named Walpoole or something I am not sure. The only thing that I remember about him is he is a prick. I forgot why I was on that island, but I get off it go to the open sea and then...I see my manager she tells me to look up and down, and I do just not at where she tells me to really. She told me about the office we went to were my cubicle was, and I met the Chief Operations Officer Olivier. I have no idea why, but I get the distinct impression he was trying too hard for me to like him. This obviously makes me not like him immediately and my first impression is he is a  that acts like a nice approachable guy. Anyway my manager shows me to the cubicle and I go back to work.Edward arrives at Havana and the whole Havana memory is nice. 1715 Havanna looks like a really nice place to live. Somethings happened that I really didnt agree with Edward with. I was really hope to befriend Julian du Casse, as I like him. I wanted to kill the other two he hung around with though. After I finished with Havana which was a long ordeal ending in some ttery in my opinion. I went home for the night after that. One of my fellow employees told me about this app on google play that allows me to sync with the Abstergo servers to read the lore and mess around with some feature I havent gotten to yet. I download it and looked at it before I fell asleep.Day 2 So I go in to work this morning and I was called into Oliviers office. When I walk in he was talking on the phone, so I wait. We t a little, and then it makes sense why he was trying so hard to be nice to me. He wants me to find something in Edwards Memory. Says it comes from the top of the parent companies shareholders. He acts all casual about it and assures me that normally he would not ask this of someone. He is just as I thought, another corporate overlord in the oligarchy. After my brief visit with Olivier I headed to the elevator. I forgot to write this last night, but I made the mistake of reading a sticky note I found. It was borderline asylum patient worthy material, maybe abstergo is working on an asylum film as well? I have no idea why this reminds me of John the IT guy that asked me to do something, I am very sure was illegal. I saw some stuff about sample 17, I really wish I could unwatch it. Poor guy. After I was done with John I finally can start my day at work. I hope Melanie doesnt get upset at me.The rest of the day went great. I was introduced to the characters of James Kidd, of whom I suspect may be female or at least is voiced by a female in the animus system. Blackbeared, Hornigold, and other notable pirates of that era. I really wish they did William Kidds memories instead of Edwards, as the Golden Age of Piracy isnt my speciality. I really dont like endings and I see that era in naval history as an ending. I digress, I actually got to be a pirate. I looted warehouses, looted and burned ships along the way. I am supposed to meet with James at the Yucatan, but I am having way more fun pirating. Taking on Naval Convoys upgrading my ship, I may actually meet with James after I get tired of this, which will probably be never.Abstergo Employee 026598 was reported missing the next day.  The police suspicous after finding his notebook had no way to confirm that the employee actually left. It is also of note that the day the police questioned Abstergo employees mentioned in his journal a wooden cart full of straw was taken by a truck before the police came.Real review.Best pirate game to date, ship battles are fun. I havent done much off ship game content yet. This is my first assassins creed game I have played. I havent gotten past sequence 03 yet and I havent played the game before. If my above in character review spoils stuff I apologize. This game is too good not to do an Incharacter review. As the Assasins Creed game that introduced me to the series it is a great game. Everything I always look for in a pirate themed game, something I never get. The whole Animus thing seems to have been inspired by my favorite scifi book series Dune. Bene Geserits after a certain point are able to access thier genetic memories. That is the first work of fiction that I was exposed to that term. Just because it borrowed a major concept from Dune I really like this series.Graphics are not optimized it is better to set the ingame settings to low and set your video card to force settings to fix the lag and voice sync problems. Past being resource intensive and making my laptop hot it is after hours of use. Which is actually not a problem for me. If you have lag and voice sync issues try what I wrote.Overall this is a 11/10 game so far.Will continue to be paranoid that Olivier is actually an assassin that will stab me for slacking off instead of finding his thing.