I cant express to you how PERFECT this game is. Everyones always looked at Assassins Creed with fascination, or scorn. AC1 was the first step for a new type of actionadventure genre. It looked to cinematic storytelling with historic significance to immerse the player in the highest precisioncrafted historical setting since the cultural tiebacks of Prince of Persia. Add photorealistic graphics and a overarching theme involving Assassins and Templars and youve got yourself a fivestar game. AC2 completely revamped the gameplay mechanics and style, making it more fluid, more immersive and expanded the genre to a new setting, new Assassin and easily had the best cliffhanger of the year. AC Brotherhood and Revelations kept progressing the story, the game, and the mechanics, experimenting with a variety of tactics, additions and modifications whilst retaining the historical significance and incredibly fun gameplay that defined the series. Assassins Creed III took a new direction, with updated graphics, a new gaming/physics engine and a powerful conclusion to the Desmond Trilogy. While critically acclaimed for its technological marvel, it wasnt received as the strongest in the series. Here to bring the crown back  is Assassins Creed IV Black Flag.This game has EVERYTHING. Magnificent storytelling, cinematic fluidity, the historical accuracy penned by worldclass game developers and writers, immersion from the studded soundtrack Brian Tyler to the fauna of the time period, all whilst maintained the absolute best of each Assassins Creed game that preceded it. Naval combat, stealth tactics, longrange weaponry, political and emotional upheaval, grounded and gritty dramatizations of caricatures that weve come to define as legends Ed Thatch, Charles Vane, Calico Jack, etc set during the one brief moment in human history where people were truly free The Golden Age of Piracy. Play as a pirate, play as an assassin, play as a privateer caught between two ancient wars between order and freedom, fight your way through friend and foe establishing your own priorities, securing artifacts and ledgers too precious to be exposed. Live in the 18th century, defying empires and forging alliances to the Creed, Order or the Republic.If you havent played this game, youre doing yourself the most incredible disservice. This is easily the BEST Assassins Creed game made yet, titled with Game of the Year for 2013. Worth every penny.