Assassins creed black flag is one game that lots of people will not forget. Mainly because of its amazing settting of pirates and other things. I am pretty sure that a few people played this game as their first assassins creed game. The graphics atleast on pc are spendid and frame rate says the same. I had no preoblem running this game in the highest settings with a GTX 960. For consoles your gonna have to ask someone else. Anyways, the game is great however, it is not really an assassins creed game. It does not really tell you about the assassins as much as other previose games, but it does help you know a lot about pirates. Edwaard Kenway the character you play as is a decent assassin, but he does a bad job at capturing what most assassins are soppossed to be like. however, he is pirate so I do not really mind as much. The story is decent atleast. It was not as serios as previose installments but I am not that surprised considering Ubisoft is really letting their games and fans down. Ubisoft through my eyes does a good job at being repetitive for most of their recent games. Anyways, being Edward is fun and all but I do tend to get a little annoyed at times but again, he is a prirate. Gameplay is not the best thing either. Almost Assassins creed game as this same problem, but none can compete with black flag. TRAILING MISSONS! Trailing missons are result of being lazy, and you can easily tell the lazyness in this game. Right from the start you chase, then you fallow another, then you chase and then you get bored. the first hour of the game is basically trailing missons. There is absolutely no variety with missons. Your having the same thing and sometimes you have to do in the smae old places. Even this happens when your on your ship. Its so annoying! Now on to sailing the sea! This part of the game is fun at times but also tends to get a little boring and repetitive. At first its a blast, but very quickly you will begin to yawn. Even though there is fast travel, at times I for some reason was unable to fast travel. I do not know really, if its the game or I am just stupid but I do know this...I got tired of it. So many times I had to go to the sameplaces that I have already visited on my stupid slow ship. Upgrading only makes a small difference, your just staring endlessly at the screen waiting till you get there but you feel like you never will. And then come across ships that want to kill you and your having to waste a lot more time doing the samething. That is another thing I wanna talk about. Raiding ships! This is one of my favourite things about the game. Have to tdestroy ships and take there loot is so fun, But just like like everything else I got a little bored of it.Anyways, even though it was not my favourite Assassins Creed, it still is a good one. Mainly becasue you get to be a pirate in a not so piraty way. I totally would reccomend this game. And all the stuff I say is just my oppinion!But that all for this reveiw. Hope This Reveiw Helped You Out!Buy the Game on a sale but do not pay full price for it! 