As someone whos been playing this series since its inception and played every game in it aside from the portable ones which mostly suck, I have to admit that while this game is a step up in my eyes, both visualy and storywise, it also seems like a huge step backwords in some key game play areas. First, youre ability to run is now limited. Where as in Assassins Creed 2, Brotherhood and Revalations you sould slow run or fast walk, whichever you prefer here you can only walk or Freerun, which means if youre in a hurry, youre gonna bump into people, climb stuff and do a lot of movements that you may not want to do. Admittidly, this makes movement easier as before you have to press three buttons/keys to freerun, but it limits you to either taking a long freaking time to get from point A to B or, as I said, possibly gpoing through a lot of wasted movements trying not to end up climbing something you didnt want to climb along the way. Second, parrying, countering and throwing are all linked, and while this seems like a good idea, it seems to take a level of challenge out of the game as its really simple to do instantdeath or knockout counters compared to what I remember from the other games. On the plus side, looting from chests is no longer a hold button tyo loot activity, as Edward just stomps the lock off with his boot and there ya go. Another issue, but a really minor one, is how crowds react to your actions. Yes, theyll yell at you if you bump into them or knock them over, but unlike the previous games, they dont seem to care when you start climbing buildings. Compare that to ACBrotherhood, where whenever Eizo started climbing the crowds would comment and stop to stare like Hey look, a crazy person. Lets watch him fall to his death! Meanwhile here, no one seems to even notivce you, not even guards unless youre actually on a roof. And finally, achievements. Thanks to Uplay, all achievements are handles through it and not Steam. Not a big deal, but itd be nice if there was some kind of sync between the two.A somewhat larger issue is the one I have with the Optional Objectives. Long time players will know that completing these tasks during a Sequence is the only way to get a 100 Sync. The issue here is that I never really seem to know what these objectives are until its too late, because while theres now a convientent Legend to tell you how many Viewpoints, Chests and what not youve found in whatever city youre in, the Optional Objectives only seem to show up on screen partway through the sequence or if you go into the menu to look for them, meaning that if you dont go looking for them youre bound to miss one without even realizing it until its too late.Gameplay wise, youre again playing as an ancestor of Desmond, but outside the Animus, youre not Desmond as you do in previous games, and long time players will know why. For those that dont know, go play the other games and find out. Thats not a problem, what is a problem is that outside the Animus and palying as Edward in 3rd person, you go into 1st person... which is kinda weird because your guy never says anything. Also, you carry around this tablet thing that is basically how you interact with, well, everything. Wanna operate an elevator, gotta use the tablet. What was wrong with buttons?As I said, this game is visually stunning. From the world itsself, to the navel battles, to the simple textures of the charaacters outfits, it is really a treat. But like all games it has its flaws. My thinking here is that Ubisoft was trying to reintroduce players to a different kind of AC than were used to, you know the one with the whole save the world by reliving your ancestors past metaplot, because its over and done, and if thats the case I can sort of forgive the over simplification of the controls, because even as a rabid fan pf this series, it still takes me a little while to get used to the controls whenever a new one comes out.If youre gonna buy this do yourself a big favor and get the Digital Gold edition. Yeah, it costs more, but you get basically everything youll really need to play the game including the Season pass aside from some MP characters, timesaver things and some stuff for your ship. 