IMPORTANT NOTE This game seems to be fairly demanding on the pc. I run a fairly solid build and can run this on all of the highest setting at 60 fps however in so random areas, for reasons i cannot decifer, my fps tanks down to 30. The visual appeal will be worth it if you have the solid rig though.TLDRThis game mechanically blows while graphically appealing. If you want to live the fantasy life of a pirate then I highly suggest this. The pirate section of the game is fun yet lacks progression. Theres a large map with lots of stuff you explore/pillage and I certainly will be spending more of my hours doing so.Before you read the rest of this guide, an important distinction that I think I should make is this This game is not a GOOD game, but it is an ENJOYABLE game. The game itself is glitchy, with terrible controls, that has little difficulty except with some naval, and has alot of immersion breaks. But yet even with that, I enjoy this game. Explanation below.WorldNow As the world of this game goes, it as a whole is kinda boring, theres nothing in the world to get you invested with it, it feels like a map and you dont ever feel that it is more then a map. However, the map, is good. Theres so much to explore and little details that make it rewarding both through ingame rewards, beautiful scenery, or just interesting level design.GraphicsMan these graphics are stellar, I could mindlessly sail around in the water for hours straight and just soak in the views. Although there are some spots with really bad textures, the majority is really well detailed and gorgeous.StoryDisclaimer, I havent completed the story yet and am going off of the 13 hours Ive played so far.When I first got this game, I thought I would completly abandon the story asap and just go pirating, that was what I was here for, a pirate game, not an assassin game. Strangely enough though, I find myself enjoying the story. Although there are some leaps in the story that make me scratch my head, I feel that the writers of this game didnt want to go with a Assassin Creed Story line, focusing mostly around the Assassins and Templars. Instead, the writers decided to take the mandatory Assassins and Templars and wrap it around the theme of the game, being a pirate. A story as far as Ive gotten is a massive treasure hunt, one that the protagonist hungers and uses the Assassins/Templars as a side attraction. Although I feel that may change in the future. If the level of assassin/templar interference remains at this rate, I feel I will find myself greatly enjoying the storyMusicWhen setting an atmosphere, the music is probably one of the most important parts in a game. This game does... okay with their music. The music sets the atmosphere well enough, but is bland and unoriginal. Not the type of music I would ever listen to standalone.GameplayHeres a core of what makes the game both good and bad. The melee combat in this game is a complete joke and unchallenging at all. As long as you counter enemy attacks and smash you LMB, you will end out on top of every fight. The controls of melee are also disgusting as I constantly find myself jumping and climbing ontop of stuff I wish to walk around. When sprinting in this game, they have the feature that makes it so you automatically climb stuff you walk infront of. Now I think on paper this is a nice idea, however in practice I loathe this feature as I feel like whenever I get close to anything while sprinting, I climb it, with little control over where. For those of you who play Overwatch, think Widowmakers grapple going to some place you had no intention of going to. However, there is still a redemable part to the gameplay, the ships. The ship combat is fun and can be challenging especially going after legendary ships. Naval fights feel flawless and easy to grasp, with a interesting learning curve as you try and max/min each of your weapons. When it comes to harder fights, you often find yourself having to use some strategy to out maneuver your foes, something I wasnt expecting in and Assassins Creed game. The majority of the time Ive spent with this game is sailing around finding ships with good hauls to take, and I enjoy it immensly. Going back to the bad though, the stealth in this game is a joke. As long as enemies dont see you, and you dont shoot a gun next to them, youre virtually invisible. I often found myself just sprinting around stabbing enemies in the back with zero thought. When I play stealth games, I want to think about my actions and plan them out to make sure I dont get caught. Having the stealth be so simply really disappoints. As a final topic in gameplay, who the  thought that adding stealth ship sections was a good idea. It makes no sense how the pov of the ships work and ships are slow and cant move quickly, leading to parts where a section you thought was clear suddenly has 5 ships looking at it as they all decided to turn their bow towards that area. To further rant, the detection range of the ships doesnt make logical sense AT ALL. The ship fov works like that of humans, but with a tiny circle around them. In reality, you cant just sail a few yards behind a military ship and not get noticed, since someone on deck will see you and point it out.ProgressionThe progression that was allowed for the ship was very disappointing. The upgrades were very standard and you only gain 1 new weapon. Interesting upgrades work so tha they completly change how the player plays, allowing the player to manage their upgrades to play how they want while also adding variety. I also went into this expecting to be able to get bigger and better ships, however, it seems I have been mistaken. I sadly see the possibility that I get bored at staring at the same ship hit waves for another 30 hours. Adding the ability to get a new ship would vary the gameplay and also add more progression.Mobile Game? !A feature of this game that Im currently neutral on but slowly leaning towards disapproval is the mobile game feature where you manage your own ship of fleets. Again, good in concept, not so good in game. I would love to be able to control a fleet of ships, however they work identical to the World of Warcraft Garrisons/Class Halls. You go to the table, select the mission, choose the best ship, and then wait for a few hours as they complete the mission. Im not even completly sure what gameplay effect this feature has, if any. It seems like it has potental but just like Blizzard, they ruined it. f fleets. Again, good in concept, not so good in game. I would love to be able to control a fleet of ships, however they work identical to the World of Warcraft Garrisons/Class Halls. You go to the table, select the mission, choose the best ship, and then wait for a few hours as they complete the mission. Im not even completly sure what gameplay effect this feature has, if any. It seems like it has potental but just like Blizzard, they ruined it. 