Well, this one shocked me to say the least.I was one of the few people it seems that actually thought AC3 was a good game, yes Connor had the personality of a cardboard box and the most epic parts of the game were scripted to death and the side missions felt rather pointless. But it made good choices like foliage as cover and a few missions where you could control a ship. The entire story of Desmond though was all over the place and the game just kinda... ended. And I never played it again.Enter AC4, the newest AC game released only about a year after AC3, and I gotta say they made a TON of good choices this time around. The game starts out with full action, no tutorial just instant action, your ship is attacked and you end up on shore with an Assassin, you kill the Assassin, take his out fit and of course loot him. Quite the entrance for our main character Edward Kenway.You then wake up in the modern world to find out YOU not desmond or another character just you are being welcomed to Abstergo Entertainment, a company focused on taking the Ancestors of Sample 17 Desmonds DNA and others to create interactive experiences with their stories. You are a worker there and your goal is to visit the memories of Edward Kenway, a Pirate during the golden age of piracy in the West Indies. Thats all Im going to reveal about the story for now, Ill dip into it again later but it will contain spoliers.So to kick things off lets focus on the PC port. How is it? Well, I played it on a 3rd gen i5 and a GTX 660 with the newest drivers and Im pleased to say the game ran very well. Good luck getting 60 fps constant, but since this is a 3rd person game 60 fps isnt a requirement in my book. For the brief time I ran FRAPs I was getting the upper 40s and 50s at sea, and lower 40s in the cities. The lowest it ever got was in the mid to low 30s and that happened during a intense rainstorm in the forest, so it is definitley playable. I was running the game on all High, FXAA, god rays at high, The fog setting I cant remember the name on, and the only thing off was Physx which adds more smoke when you fire a gun and other than that is rather pointless besides killing framerate. I played the entire game on MK and never felt at a disadvantage or felt I needed a controller to win or be better. Controls can be changed to your liking and the options menu is very good. I have to say, this is a really good port so props to Ubisoft.So this game is the first next gen Assassins Creed game, and many regard it as one of the best launch titles for the PS4 and XB1. And let me tell you, on PC at least, THIS GAME IS BEAUTIFUL! The enviroment is easily the most beautiful in any game. The way the foliage moves when a rainstorm hits, how plants will move when you walk by them, such little touches that just make the game feel amazing. The sea is the best looking sea to date in any game. Huge massive waves come swooshing by, harpooning near the shores of Jamaica in the bright blue water is gorgeous, and the sea is very dynamic, while boarding ships its not the same experience over and over again, the sea can send you above a Man O War while boarding or keep you below it. Its just beautiful, as somebody who plays BF4 quite a lot I must say, this is up there with that quality of visuals.Now we can move on to the game play, and to keep it rather short Ill make a list.PostitivesMost fluid Assassins Creed game to dateAll the awesome equipment from past games return and are just as funMissions where you must tail somebody seems much more fun and less stressful now that there is more foliage to hide inNegativesPretty much the exact same combat system as before, so it starts to get repetive over timeVERY EASY! After you upgrade to about the halfway point nobody can take you on, not even Man O Wars.So, the gameplay on land is pretty much the exact same as your normal Assassins Creed. The good news? You wont be on land very often besides some of the main missions, and there are only 3 major cities.Now lets talk about the new features in the game. So of course the biggest new feature in the game is the naval combat, and its AMAZING. The most fluid naval combat Ive ever played in a game, its just fantastic and so much fun. WIll you take on a fort? Or maybe attack a convoy to get 10,000 Reales? Get into it with a few Man O Wars? Swoop in on a Spanish fleet taking on a few British Frigates, and take advantage of both sides to loot the ships? The possibilties are endless, and always fresh. I never grew tired of naval combat. Yes, boarding does get a little repetive, but the battle is always a heck of a time. I wish for every Pirate game to use this system and keep imroving on it from now on, its great.The world is huge! The biggest world in AC to date. That island there in the distance? Yep, you can visit it. That Mayan temple? You can visit it too! You can visit anywhere you like in the West Indies, the world spands from southern Florida to Jamaica and then some. And without giving too much away, you will be going to other areas of the world later on in the game. The only down side is some areas will be blocked off until you advance the story, and a few side missions such as diving to the remains of a boat and some upgrades are blocked off until you progress further. Side missions range from harpooning, to hunting templars, to attacking forts, to diving into ship remeains, hunting treasure, assassin contracts, and, well you get the point. There is a lot to do!Another rather large edition to the game is that money now has more use. You can use money to upgrade the Jackdaw your ship to be a powerful demon, instead of buying a new couch for that elderly couple you took into your homestead in AC3. Also hunting is no longer a patience game, you literally just shoot a monkey now instead of waiting for a rabbit to take the bait and try to catch it like you would do in AC3. Crafting works just like Far Cry 3, you hunt a certain animal twice sometimes more, skin it, and then use it to upgrade your health, or get a new ammo pouch, or a new holster, etc...And finally the story, its great in my opinionSPOLIER ALRETSPOLIER ALRETSPOLIER ALRETEdward was the most relateable character in the series to me. He is out for his own personal reward, and questions the Assassins and Templars equally. He even joins the Templars briefly, and the only reason he leaves them is becasue they payed him a small amount of money for protecting them from a Assassin assault. Yep, thats right, the main reason you attack the templars is because of money, no deeper reason just...money. Which is great in my opinion, of course the story does develop and there beocmes a deeper reason for why Edward kills the templars, many of his fellow pirates betray him, a few go crazy, and its all just a crazy ride. Several famous pirates show up along the way. Mary Read who pretends to be James Kidd, the son of William Kidd and Anne Bond, the two most famous female pirates, and Mary Read beocmes a love interest for Edward. Blackbeard Thatch, who was my favorite character in the game, is a ally of Edward and you are even there to see his last stand on the shore of North Carolina, which was the best and most dramatic part of the game in my opinion. Several others come along the way to, even famous traitors like Benjamin Hornigold. If you know your history of pirates, than a lot of what happens is to be expected, many deaths of characters happened in real life at the same time. The game manages to make you like such pirates like Blackbeard as friends, and even find them funny and warm hearted, even though history tells them as beast with no mercy. That alone is something I feel is worth mentioning, the game makes you like characters and see where they are coming from that you normally wouldnt.Overall Great Game 