Every single Assassins Creed game Ive attempted to enjoynote attemptedended up being nothing more than an hour of being introduced to the game, becoming frustrated with the obtuse console mechanics, and then the inevitable disinterest would sink in as these  mechanics wore away at any motivation to keep playing. This game, in generally being good, is somewhat uplifted by the sheer fact it doesnt suck as every other before it has. The setting and open ocean are all that make this game worth playing. Compared to the previous games, it feels more responsive and the story is actually interesting.However almost everything typical to Assassins Creed in this game is nearterrible as per usual. There is nothing I hate more than stealth in a game with such abysmal control over your character that youll often kill yourself by accidentally jumping off a cliff or the mast of a ship. Plenty of missions tell you what to do but will drive you into a wall, forcing you to learn from needless failure and frustration. As much as it may be infested with problems, youd be insane to not get your hands on this for the sale price of 10 as I did. Just be sure to spend as much time at sea as possible, as the story takes some deal of time to become interesting and get out of tutorial mode never mind the afmorementioned issues.On a maybeless important note but signifigant regardless, the story is actually quite good compared to what I have indeed watched on YouTube of the others and Ive got zero problems with it the time you are forced to be in reality is minimal and its generally well written  executed. So in that, suffering the Assassins Creed part ofisnt all too much a sacrifice for the reward. The story is very plainly just about right or satisfying throughout perplexing for a AAA game these days.P.S. This is a consoleport from Ubisoft, so keep vertical sync off unless youre a masochist and like sitting at 2030 FPS. Also I cannot stress enough how much you ought to plant youron that ship as soon as possible, as someone who hates this series and its obtuse climbing mechanics to the core. Every moment Im not sailing around or fighting in an open combat situation is misery.