Black Flag is a nice addition to the series. I dont have too much to say, so Ill get right to the pros and cons.ProsAtsea ship play is engaging and really makes you feel like a pirateYou can finally aim your guns!The fast travel system weaves nicely into the ship travel so you dont even feel like things take forever to get to except maybe in the very beginning.Sea shanties althought I never found my favorite one in game...Edward is a protagonist who is the most neutral Ive seen in an AC game so far. He isnt interested in the affairs of the Templarsthe Assassins, hes just trying to live his life the way he wants for his own personal gain which allows for a more explorative gameplay style and story. See this continued in the last con I mention.ConsPoor character development. I honestly didnt care about most of the characters like I did in AC III.The same glitchy engine as Assassins Creed III, with constant auto freerunning onto the wrong objects  and attacking the wrong people. Might I even add the second coming of the glitch where Edwards polio over takes him and causes him to fall from what hes climbing for no good reason.No Assassin Point on the hoods of the Assassin Costumes in this era, for some odd reason.If youre just trying to play the game to enjoy the story and environment, the gameplay will screw you. You HAVE to upgrade the Jackdaw Edwards Ship, or youre done for. I personally enjoyed grinding to upgrade the ship, but Im aware that most would not and so Im listing it as a con.Edward as a protagonist continued  Now, Black Flag being an Assassins Creed game, Edward being very neutral is both a blessing and a curse. Its unique, but its so unique that the game begins to feel more like it shouldve been Pirates of the Carribean Black Flag starring Jack Sparrow instead of Edward Kenway.I understand why people regard it as the best in the series, because there is a LOT of stuff to do. However, because of that, I feel like the story really suffered. This game does gameplay and content better, Assassins Creed III did story much better.Freedom Cry however is quite nice, and I definitely recommend getting the Gold edition of Black Flag if you intend to play it, as well as the Aveline de Grandpre Mission.Overall Id give Black Flag a 7/10. It was an enjoyable game, but the risk just wasnt worth the reward in most cases. Fun new gameplay elements are unable to make up for the lacking story, but its still a good time. 