Its been awhile since Ive played Black Flag. Ive had fun playing some of the other Assassins Creed titles such as the first two, about half of three which I found disapointing and that one during the French Revolution which just felt so crummy I cant even remember its proper title. The series has been jarring. Some are good and some are just disasters. The first two are good but silly in the sense that the story is taken so seriously by the characters they all feel almost robotic as lines of code are shoved down their digital throats to spew funky exposition.Black Flag more or less has the same problems, but overall this game was saved by two things alone in my mind. Ship battles and taking down forts with me cannons. Aargh. Booty. Yadda yadda. This is very much an Assassins Creed game, as you spend the first thirty or so minutes following people and listening in while hiding in the surroundings, unless you speed off around the first few accessable areas and try and grab every possible collectable. Being an Ubisoft games, some crazy madman feels it necessary to put enough collectables on the Assassins Creed games Im sure thats where some total lunatic got the idea in the Batman games to put a riddler trophy in every nook, cranny and butt hole.As for combat, its decent enough. At times things can feel a little clunky, but its smooth enough without having awkward controls that youll sometimes feel the morbid repetition in how most sword fights will go. Though you can mix things up by employing other methods by taking small advantages of the games mechanics to lull yourself away from noticing any repition, its the gameplay which involves piloting your own pirate ship which really takes the cake. Raiding vessels for gold, harrassing forts and using a diving bell to find. . . collectables. And dodge sharks and hold your breath for a time long enough to make Olympic athletes blush a little bit.But overall, its a fun game. If you see it on sale, go ahead and snag it. Youll have to skip through UPlay, but so long as your not a total ding dong, you shouldnt ever have a problem using it UPlay, Ive never had a problem with it and cant imagine why anyone does. Also, the games optimization is funky. For the most part in my experience, I was able to play with some very good graphics, but at seemingly random times for reasons I cannot say, my fps would soar to new lows and chug along for a few moments before everything returns to normal. I found knocking off things like antialiasing solve any real graphics problems. Ill put my pc specs on the bottom of the review for comparison.I cant really give any solid pros or cons on this one. It has a charm of a great game lightly hidden away behind the typically storytelling of the Assassins Creed series which uses more scape goats and cop outs than I care to even remember. But, in the end, I had a lot of fun with some of the mechanics of the game.MSI MS7850Intel Core i54670k 3.40GHz 4CPUs overclocked  4.0GHz12GB RAMEVGA Nvidia GeForce GTX 960 4GB ftw edition1920x1080 display 32bit 60Hz 