Black Flags is a AC game and has bugs because Ubisoft. If you are having a V sync issues or stuttering with constant drops to 30fps there is a fix and it gives you alittle more performance as well. You can either use the best method by pressing windows keyL to lock windows then unlock go back into game which gives you about 10 performance boost and runs smooth as butter or run the game as admin with Vsync and triple buffering conrtolled by the gpu but you will still get some frame drops here and there but it fixes the drops to 30fps. Another issue you may get is freezing for a few seconds while sailing. This is a glitch caused by FXAA so dont use it. Also SMAA blurs the water while moving. I recomend using your gpu pannel for AA or MSAA. Now to my review.Black Flag is not a normal Creed game. Mostly because its amazing, and no game with an animus in the story should be called amazing. The other AC games are good dont get me wrong I like them alot but, not GTA, Fallout, Elder Scrolls, Witcher good. Black Flag is nearly just that. The mechanics in the game are polished and open exluding a few bugs. The graphics are top notch for 2013 as well and with SweetFx and 4k it holds up great . The naval combat is a blast p, and the melee combat is great. My only gripe is it is restricted to typicall AC themes. I.E. dont be killing civilians, no taking someone elses ship and building that one up, limited to what weapons you can hold on to. I am a pirate so I should be swashbuckling stabby cut throat  mongering drunkard fun. The story is ok, but sometimes unbearably in accurate how they portray real piratessimular to ACIII with its horrible geography and historic figures, and they are just there to move the plot. Black Beard is NOTHING like he was in real life. This is a 6,5 280 pound man who left his crew to die by grounding the Queen Annes Revenge to keep the money for himself. Ubisoft portrays him as average size, fairly nice, inept at piracy and loyal person. Dont even get me started on Black Bart.The whole animus thing is bearley a discussion and is still needless. They could have just made it you are a pirate, go and pirate things. No need for the same old story of made up blah blah in historical localations, but the open world lets you forget about that. Though you can never get a new ship or are able to capture one which is a real shame. Though you can upgrade the ship.With the world being so big and grand, and your crew singing while you sail its easy to get sucked in. songs like Leave Her Johnny, Drunken Sailor and Fathom the Bowel I find myself singing at times to some odd looks from people The mini games are a lot of fun and at times. I just like to play a game of checkers while listening to the live band who will play period music.and each region gets their own songs based on the inhabitants. Like an English settlement will play old English and Irish songs like All for My Grog Another gripe I do have for this game is its a bear to run. Most are lucky to see 30FPShigh res Ultra. I modded it and it tends to run around 4550fps at 1080p with high on everything but shadows with an i7, 2gb nVidia, and 16gigs ram. So make sure you can run it if you are on a lower end machine or laptop. A 980ti will muscle it at 1440p at 60fps with sweet fx, but the gameworks features will need to be off because its gameworks. To maintain 60 100 of the time I need to drop a few setting down to very high even on a 980ti. For a 1080ti 4k is easily attainable but you will need to ajust your settings. No joke this is one of the most stressful games to run with all of its PC features. Black Flag is the one of two games of the series that was developed on PC then ported.ACIII bring the other Which is odd it still has bugs given it was made for PC. Since it was developed for PC it has a wide array of graphic options with many different setting to them. I guess none of this is surprising seeing how with ACIII Ubi forgot to add a resolution option in game!This is a game I would highly recommend to people who even hate the series, because this pirate game shouldnt of bothered with the name Assassins Creed . No it is to good! This is just Black Flag to me, and Black Flag is great!!!!!!!!! Oh and for some reason I always seem to play this when Ive had a few. It just makes the debauchery better I think. 