I didnt really like the other ACs.. But this one is friggin awesome.. Graphics will get you lost in the game and the gameplay itself is great. I love the open sea Frigate battles that happen with or without you.... just hanging out in the harbors or in Coves watching the scenery is something i do alot when im not completing missions, its THAT beautiful! !Far cry Instincts/Predator the xbox360 version is the only other game that made being in tropical paradise a heavinly experience.. AC black flag took a very common setting in games and redid it in such a way that doesnt get sickening and it feels fresh.i just wish the fight/movement mechanics were a little bit more fluid  BatmanAC and AA, kinda set the bar pretty damn high for me lol having said that, i would still give this game a 5 out of 5 for quality!Visuals and the menues UI both from the main menu and other in game menues are stunning and well put together.The I like the fact that you can give feedback for each memory that your charactor goes through...Overall, I love this game and its safe to say that this was one of my favorite purchases of the last 2 years!review of performanceI am currently playing on a rig i built myself with an AMD FX6300 12GB ram and a gtx 660 with 2GB of Vram on it. i have windows 8.1 pro installed 64 bit and this game runs smooth as silk on maxed out settings FXAAthe only settings i had issues with was anything other than FXAA for antialiasing. i get a few FPS drops here and there but nothing that is gamebreaking. and even with FXAA, the visuals still look heavenly...Other notes I shouldve saved more money to get the AC black Flag Gold edition and not just the standard version... but i can allways add it on later.I was a little bit hesitant to buy Black Flag because i didnt really like the other Assassins Creed games, but i read a review that said that it was something of a departure from the other ACs and thats what sold me on trying this game out. while the game has similarities to other AC games, its not a direct reflection of them..thats a good thing!sorry for bad Grammer and punctuation. im not very good as a writer/typer lol i just wanted to tell my friends about this awesome game! take a look at my screenshots of Black Flag you can see what i mean by awesome but i have to warn, there is a few spoilers in my screenshots so beware. 