My first Assassins Creed game, so I cant really compare it to any other games in the franchise. As a standalone game, it is excellent.The game can be quite demanding on hardware, but if your rig is good enough it can be truly stunning.The gameplay is pretty fluid. The free running can be a little annoying as I often run up walls instead of going through the door I want to get through. The combat is a little bland, i.e. attack attack attack block kill, but satisfying if you pull off a perfect chain of kills.The open world is where this game really begins to shine. The map is set in the Carribean in the Golden Age of piracy early 18th century, with multiple large islands with open ocean in between. It isnt a true open world like Skyrim, where if you can see it you can get there, but it doesnt matter as the areas you can get to are so large and diverse youll have more than enough adventuring to do. The main map is split up into sections. No loading screens, but you must defeat naval forts to make each section safe for you and reveal all the items in the section. Same goes for the smaller sub areas, such as the cities, where you have to reach vantage points to reveal all items within the immediate area.The islands and cities themselves vary greatly, some being heavily populated, others barren. Some areas are affluent while others are slums. Most are unique and feature stunning landmarks and natural wonders. The cities can have really immersive atmospheres, with just enough NPCs and a great outlay.The open ocean is where youll spend most of your time. Here youll sail to new areas, attack enemy ships , weather fierce storms, defeat hostile forts and dive for sunken treasure. Attacking ships can be addictive and naval combat is what really keeps me playing this game its that good, but I imagine it can get a little repetitive after an extended amount of time.Collectables and unlockable are well done for the most part. Some areas have relatively few collectable items and can be completed in a short amount of time, while larger areas can be a big of a slog to find every last chest and shanty. Shanties have to be chased, so some parkour skill is needed there. Items for you ship are bought with gold until the last upgrade which must be found random loot from chests mostly. Outfits and weapons can be bought, unlocked through the Edwards Fleet minigame or community challenges, or simply found as random loot. Some outfits are very similar, but there are enough that stand out to give your Edward a personal feel.I havnt completed the story as of writing this review, but my experience so far has been mixed. There are quite a few Tail X and Eavestrop on Xs conversation missions, and the story can feel quite slow if youre doing alot of exploring between missions. Edward is a great, relatable character however and I enjoy spending time playing as him and meeting other pirates along the way. Its just a good thing the campaign isnt the main draw to this game.In conclusion, Assassins Creed IV Black Flag is an excellent adventure game, possibly one of the best Ive played on PC or console. Impressive visuals, a large and diverse map, good gameplay and a robust main character do more than enough to make up for an average storyline. AC4 is definitely worth your time if you enjoy open world adventure games.Brysk 