In the words of Mark Twain, now and again we had the hope that if we lived and were good god would permit us to be pirates.Regardless of what you might think of old Samuel Clemens, a man thoroughly set and yet contrasting to his time, this notion is, I think, one that many can relate to. Are you one that yearns for the freedom of living according to your own actions, whims and choices alone? Then maybe this game is for you. Black Flag is a great pirate game. It is arguably the best pirate game I have ever played. The gameplay, graphics, and music are all very good, and the writing, a topic I wont dwell on for fear of spoiling it for you, is truly spectacular. The movement and parkour are much more polished in this title as compared to other Assassins Creed games aswell, making it feel more streamlined, and much more intuitive. No more accidentally jumping to your death!There are some who argue that this game is less an Assassins Creed game, and more a pirate game. On surface I could agree, as the Assassins are less of a role in the story, which focuses more on a slightly morally decrepit privateer turned pirate named Edward Kenway voiced by the wonderful Matt Ryan, whom you may know from the likes of recent media depictions of John ConstantinePersonally I would say that Pirates are the perfect analogy of the Assassins. Both being, to some extent, hopeful anarchists that trust humankind is ultimately good enough to take care of itself, not needing some god or ruler to threaten them with punishment for wrong deeds, and this is more what the game touches on. A more thorough examining of Everything is permitted, nothing is forbidden. in a way. Pirates, like the assassins act according to a certain creed. A life lived by the collective madness of us all, and not the decisions of a single madman. Perhaps grim, maybe even dark and unforgiving, but invariably, gloriously free. And by that fact, romantic.tldrGood fcking game. Stellar writing, awesome as fck pirates, solid main character, explosions AND stealth, 10/10, should get if you like any of the above, definitely get if on sale.