How do you screw up a game about pirates? You try to smash it into a game about assassins, thats how. Then, you take your jumbled mess of a storyline, squeeze in all the horrible controls that made the previous titles in the series infuriating, and finish it off with botching the ship combat.Maybe Im just old school which is a cowardly way of admitting that Im just plain old, but I cant stand this current generation of sticky gameplay. Yes, I realize that all this parkour assisted free running stuff is there to make the game look more cinematic, but I cant stand it. You try to run down the street and you cant get three steps before the invisible collision of a barrel reaches out and grabs you, launching you into some absurd Jackie Chan acrobatic maneuver at a 90 degree angle. Before you can stop yourself, youve vaulted over a building, spun around a clothesline, and ended up perched on a chimney. What the hell?But even if you could avoid the handicap of Assassins Creeds controls and just focus on the ship combat this is a pirate game, remember?, youd be even more disappointed. Its probably due to console constraints, but theres hardly any room. You spot another ship on the ocean and close in for a battle. Yeah, awesome, right? Nope. The ocean is so clogged with other stuff, you cant even have a decent battle. Seriously. You do one circle around an enemy ship at medium cannon range and youll probably run into half a dozen other ships and twice that many tiny little islands. Its more like bumper cars than a ship battle.It goes without saying that the interface is horrible, as with all PC ports of console titles. Why do I have to install another game service to play a game I bought off of Steam? Terrible. Its just more corporate upper management nonsense greedy halfwits trying to force something unnecessary on customers, sabotaging their products quality in the hopes of milking a few extra bucks out of a tiny fraction of their players.And, since weve already established that Im apparently old fashioned, heres my at least one positive comment The music is good. Love the modern take on old timey sea songs. Im sure the person responsible for that aspect of the game is one of your underpaid, crunchtime addled wage slaves, while the jackass who invented that piece of crap UPlay has a posh corner office. Anyway, kudos to the audio team. Them and the art team. The game looks fantastic. 