Black Flag is a bit of an oddity in the Assassins Creed Franchise. Its difficult to say if its a good Assassins Creed game because it is quite a bit different, both thematically and mechanically, than its predecessors. Fortunately this is actually very good thing in a franchise that has seen a bit of a decline in terms of quality over the years. At the very least, I will say that this is the best pirate themed game that Ive ever played, as well as one of my favourite games flat out.First things first, this game just oozes atmosphere. The locations you get to visit are all interesting aesthetically as well as being quite varied from one another. Theres a pirate cove full of debauchary and friends, theres English and Spanish colonies, independant islands and small stretches of land barely big enough to walk on. The great design choice is the fact that you dont spend the game in a couple of cities, you spend it exploring. The journey between all of the story specific islands and landmasses is genuinely entertaining because the world is a such a joy to explore. Its not just a case of the graphics being good which they certainly are, its the fact that the world is very nicely crafted and a lot of detail has been added in.The way in which you move through the world is twofold, you sail around the world in your ship, or you leave the ship and wander about doing the various story and side missions scattered around the world. You are somewhat stopped from simply going wherever you want by the game placing much more difficult to defeat ships in some of the locations you are meant to visit later on in the game. Theoretically you could just take these down, but its more likely you would get absolutely trashed. I wont complain about this as an artificial way of stopping you from doing whatever you please, because it makes sense from a narritive point of view the bigger ships protect the more lucrative trade routes and areas.The absolute best part of this game however is undoubtedly the ship itself. The Jackdaw. Your home for the game and where the real pirating is done. After a brief period of adjusting to the controls of the ship it becomes second nature to be behind its wheel. The game is just oozing in theme, and the ship is no exception. Your trusty crew will sing sea shanties as you sail around and youll soon find your favourite ones and have them memorised. Upgrading the Jackdaw over time is an entertaining distraction and once you reach the upper echelons of the upgrade tree youll really notice the difference in power. You can customise aspects of it, such as the prow, the sails and the interior to your liking.The ship combat is very robust and I didnt find myself bored of raiding other ships even towards the end of my playthrough. You sometimes find yourself in combat with two or even three larger ships and the hectic nature of battles in the high seas really shines through. Its especially satisfying blasting a full broadside and watching another ship begin to sink. Of course, this is a pirate game, so after weakening an enemy ship you have the option to board it, during which you will engage the enemy in hand to hand combat. As as assassin you will always have the upper hand in the melee, but your crew will be helping you out as well. One of my few complaints about the game is that boarding can become quite tedious. You are expected to kill a certain amount of the enemy ships crew before they surrender their cargo, but on the bigger ships this often ends up being 25 kills. When youre already fighting multiple ships and you have to do this two or three times, it can become somewhat irritating.Upon capturing enemy ships you have 3 options, patch up your own ship, reduce your wanted level or add them to your own fleet. Your wanted level increases the more ships you loot or sink in a short period of time, and progressively stronger bounty hunters will head your way, actively seeking you out wherever you happen to be with the intention of taking you out. Its pretty easy to reduce but its a cool little mechanic.As for sending ships to your own fleet, this game introduces a little minigame where you can send your own fleet of ships on missions to earn you resources which can be used to upgrade your own ships. It takes a little while to get used to but it can be a fun distraction, though I wouldnt say its really necessary to do, perhaps just a time saver if you really want rarer resources quicker. If I was being cynical, it feels like ubisoft wanted this to be a game you play all the time, because the bigger missions take 9 hours real time, not playtime to complete, which is a bit ridiculous if youre like me and marathon games. That being said, I did have fun with the fleet system, and capturing bigger ships to add to your fleet is a nice distraction.The story follows Edward Kenways progression from pirate to assassin, with some interesting characters along the way, such as Blackbeard and Mary Read. At the same time it does continue the story from the previous games. Of course, this is another story of the battle between assassins and templars, but I actually felt motivated to do a lot of the missions because I was doing them for other pirates. I feel like Edwards motivation to become an asssassin is credible and believable, as he learns various lessons throughout his journey in the game that convinces him he needs to follow a better path. The story overall is fun, if a little short. I feel like how much you care about the story would affect your enjoyment of the game somewhat. I didnt really care too much about the assassin/templar thing, but it drew me in towards the end of the game.You are using an animus throughout the game, with the motivation being that you are working for a company trying to make a pirate game using the memories of Kenway. This takes place in the offices of Abstergo, and youre able to wander about the offices to find some nice tidbids and story pieces from the previous games. Theres a really cool twist at the end as well. If you blast through the main story, it probably wont take you very long, but if youre like me and you mix in the main story with exploring, you can greately extend the amount of time you play.Theres some cool little things to do on the side. Hunting is one of the standout features, in particular hunting whales and other large sea creatures. Unfortunately, without properly upgrading your harpoon its very hard to actually catch any of them. You can use the pelts/materials of the animals you hunt for gear and to upgrade Edwards abilities as well. You can use treasure maps to find hidden booty, find pieces of sheet music to add to your list of sea shanties and various other distractions. My favourite part is that you can go underwater in a diving bell and feel the fear of hiding from sharks while you look for treasure.The biggest problem is that you have to use Uplay, which is third party DRM within the DRM which is steam already. Thankfully I had no issues with this, but a lot of people have had very negative experiences with it.Finally, I feel I have to talk about the musical score. The music really is incredible at capturing the atmosphere of the game, and there are some truly memorable pieces which I still listen to from time to time. The sea shanties are excellently done and make you feel like youre really part of the crew.Overall, this game is amazing. Its almost a shame thats its an assassins creed game, because at times I felt like it could have been something much more if it wasnt shackled into the franchise, with certain expectations and necessities being in the game. The feeling of freedom and joy sailing around the map is an unforgettable experience for me and I cant recommend this game enough. Perhaps its not the Assassins Creed youre used to, but I feel like thats a really good thing. 