Well, how can I start with the wonderment that is Assassins Creed IV Black Flag. Launching the game for the first time, I had my fair share of doubt, coming fresh from ACIII, with IIIs ambition but failure to embrace the roots of the franchise in the slightest, if at all. So one can only imagine how sceptical I must have been of Ubis promise with ACIV, but something grabbed me about the game even before playing it. I was excited Darby McDevvit was writing another AC story, because his work on Revelations was nothing short of a masterpiece in pacing and execution in my personal opinion. And the fact much of Far Cry 3s team moved over to the dev team for ACIV, making it a game that had that sense of sureness about it, a sense of a development team that knows what theyre delivering, fully.About the story in ACIV. As much as very little of your time is spent in the modern day segments, it still plays a huge part of the game. It has now, in fact, become a canvas for pretty much an infinite depending on Ubi number of future AC titles. But ill not delve into too many details at risk of spoiling anything for you all. You are the main character, and assume the role of a voiceless, faceless Abstergo employee. This first person identity approach makes for a much personal experience, and I found myself getting personally attached to the character I was controlling, simply because there was a sense of me giving the character the identity.Edward Kenways saga. Well, what can I say, you are thrust so quickly into the shoes of Captain Edward Kenway, that you dont even get the chance to yell Half Sail Lads! heuheuheu  . It is essentially full sail and your away in this game, which is leaps and bounds from what you may remember from ACIVs prequel only but a year ago!The games sense of progression in Edwards character as he advances through the lengthy campaign is absolutely astonishing, and you cant help but grow attached to the witty, hottempered, selfish, arrogant Pirate in Captain Edward Kenway, no matter how much of a bad person he may be by anyones defenition.If you were worried that theyre taking the series away from the roots, you can discard all those worries. In my opinion, using a single protagonist to play Assassins off Templars and vice versa makes this, in some areas, the more Assassins Creed a game than any of its predecessors. It forces you to question each side, their goals, method of achieving them. And staying away from the typical biased good guy character forced to join the good guys makes for interesting plot moments throughout!The ending is satisfying and conclusive, and you are teased with enough bits of info throughout the modern day to keep you questioning about the next games in the franchise, but as for ACIVs story alone, it concludes in, probably, the most satisfying manner Ive seen a game conclude, reminding me personally of the likes of Max Payne 3 and McDevvits previous AC, Revelations.Take down forts and make them your own for the pirates, take part in Assassin hunts, Templar hunts, complete Assassination contracts, chase Shanties for your crew, collect data fragments, loot chests, find treasure maps, go treasure hunting, loot underwater shipwrecks, harpoon a variety of sea beasts for hunting goods, ranging from Whales to Bull sharks, complete naval contracts with each new fort youve taken over.. The variety of things you can do in this game is insane, and it gives me faith the Ubisoft Montreal are finally starting to deliver on their promise of ambition in open world games, whether thats only in the AC franchise, or otherwise!Visually, the game is drop dead gorgeous, no questions asked, very little texture popin occuring, and there is the occasional drop in frame rate, but this only really occurred for me when sailing into heavy smoke during naval battles. The game has remained a stable PC version, and at no point has it made me wonder whether it was just ported over though NextGen makes that easier to get away with now, hehe  Both land and naval combat have been streamlined, but not simplified! Naval combat is straightforward to get to grips with, and incredibly satisfying once youve gotten a taste of boarding and pillaging ships, and subsequently upgrading the Jackdaw.A deep upgrading system surrounding Edward and the Jackdaw make for excellent exploration ventures that are almost always fun, over the top and satisfying. Land combat is far more tricky this time, with slightly modified archetypes than were used to, and the fact that guards no longer wait for you to finish killing their buddy before they attack you, so quick counters, breaking defences and great positioning make for satisfying kill streaks, on ship and land!Multiplayer is back and with few improvements, but whether this is positive or negative is up to you, I see it as a winning formula thats being maintained. Same great cat and mouse gameplay, perks etc etc. With the addition of the game lab, which I can assure you, is as indepth as promised. If you digged the multiplayer in the previous AC titles, youll have the same, if not more of a blast playing through AC multiplayerBlack Flag edition my name for it  Well, that concludes my review for this excellent, excellent game, I can only wish everyone else on this planet could have experienced it with me! I give Assassins Creed 4 Black Flag a solid  10/10 ! An absolute must play worth the price tag! 