So a quick review.PROs and CONs first. Then some comments  random notes I have about the game.note, MY /10 score  minimal thought of gameplaygraphics/soundstory etc.. piratesfun naval battlenaval battle between other countries was quite cool to look from the mast how 8 man o wars fought each otherNaval weathersenjoyable combat, cool finisher movesclarity in graphics and overall style is good as always in AC gamessea shantiesPlenty of outfits, weapons and fair amount of ship customizationSome unique equipment traitsPlenty of sideobjectives/ Legendary ShipsNice worldTreasure hunting arr with treasure mapsoutside animus interesting/fun hacking minigamesFC less grind, easier unlocking method for weapons and so on/ Legendary ships  pain in the butt to fight themSubmerged part of the gameListen to conversation missionsTailing missionsa bit too much grindFC fair amount of gamebreaking bugs  a lot of smaller bugsFC technical issues during FC game crashed 5 times or soFC boring characters and story element was meh.So far probably the most fun AC game gameplaywise. I did the story last, I messed around on the sea for quite some hours before actually doing any mission. Listened to sea shanties while aimlessly sailing on the sea. After I got over that part, I started clearing our areas for loot, treasures and so on. Did sidemissions until I had to do story, to do more side missions. I mean story wasnt bad, the inside Animus one, the outside Animus story I didnt just care about. This game also offered lot of lore and collectible information, but I couldnt  be bothered to read them nor really cared. So cannot comment much regarding story or lore.There were plenty of more smaller cool things. Hunting, stone minipuzzles, naval little things, joy of boarding and some more little things. Play to discover them yourself.In main game the tailing and listen to conversation game types annoyed the hell out of me, especially with creed parkour. Failed them so many times for stupid reasons and they are overall quite annoying.The underwater missions were absolutely annoying. There were so many threat factors sharks, plants, small fishes etc... that you had to avoid. On top of that the slow movement in the water. Those missions/areas were simply horrifying how annoying they were.The Mayan stones armor was pretty cool. Thewas quite buggy. Animations bugged the hell out. Anyhow, really enjoyable AC game.As for freedom cry, that expansion had so many game breaking bugs. Broken animations, lot of popping, gamebreaking bugs where you had to restart mission and VERY, VERY annoying listen to conversation missions. On top of that games crashed quite few times. Only nice touch of that expansion was that you didnt ahve to grind from scratch everything again to unlock stuff, instead you had to save slaves to earn points to unlock stuff. It was a nice touch. Rest was okay or meh.But yeah, this was more of a fun pirate adventure AC game than a serious story first games trilogy.