Well..it has been a long 124 Hrs of Fun and it never dissapointed me...Pros Story How it is narrated makes it look like its just a Regular story, but as the story goes, Edward James Kenway starts to change from once where he wanted quick money to what life gives Value to.. Level Design Very well developed, including the Modern day version where you are an Initiate trying  VR lol...seeing is believing ..Ubisoft predicted this long back!  to use the simulator to understand how Edward James Kenway used the Obseratory..what it is ..well play it and find out... Choice of Style One of ACs best game coz..choosing the style of playing depends on us entirely..go rash or Stealthy ..your choice Characters   Well chosen..my opinion ..each character gave depth to the games story. Each Character influenced the main Character to make his decisions in life. Pirates and Assassins Good thing combining them..coz if a pirate was an Assassins enemy then it would be boring..too linear but thankfully it wasnt .. Money system Thankfully it wasnt too easy to collect money with time and dedication to ransack Warehouse and Ships.. Side activities FUn Fun FUN !!!!!!!! Shipwrecks , Harpooning , hunting , resource gathering , Assassin Contracts, etc.. Very Fun !! Especially visiting each Uninhabited islands..to gather Abstergo Info and Treasures..was nice.! Strong Prequel When everyone wondered who Edward Kenway was...After Achilles tells Connor Kenway Ratenoaketon  Edward Kenways Grandson who he was...We got a clear picture Modern Day story It was good , especially the part where we are recruited by Sean to see whats in Abstergo and How Juno and Barthamelow was also involved...Sages  personality was always were unique and weirdCons Gameplay To TO TOOOO Easy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Seriously ..?!?! Never hard...!!?! even the ship battles and land battles were too Easy...Legendary Battles were a joke if you have a fully upgraded Jackdaw..??! DLCs Ummm...what should i get ?!? except for the Freedom cry DLC of Adewale..it was mostly useless..Asian  European customers , Digital Deluxe edition is enough with Freedom Cry DLC or as a standalone game. Graphics and Windows 10 Optimization took Ages..like any Ubisoft old game...after several guides and optimization got it working... Multiplayer Pointless and Rubbish , too boring ...not my Cup of Tea..good thing i dint play MP, got this game on a discount..Overall A pretty good American Saga game, though AC Rouge is my Favorite for its story