This was my first Assassins Creed game, and it was a WHALE of a time. GET IT?!?!?!PROS For a triple A/Ubisoft game, the masters of phoning in stories, the writing and narrative were surprisingly immensely enjoyable. It was fairly well paced with tons of great moments. A ton of real historical pirates play a part in the story and did not feel shoehorned. Particularly compelling was the dialogue. Not only was it periodappropriate but all the main voice actors delivered with excellent conviction.Edward Kenway, the main charater, was very appealing. His VO was phenomenal and, if only for the first couple acts, he was unique. Hes a pirate and he acted like it. He wants gold and riches and to hell with stupid assassins and Templars, hes in it for his friends and himself. The world is absolutely beautiful. The graphics on both the artistic and technical end were excellent though I had to turn lots of settings down to keep 60 on my decent machine. The Caribbean is lush, bright, and warm. Lots of varying activities. And unlike most openworld games where about 20 of the content is enjoyable, something like 90 is here. Ship battle contracts, assassination contracts, hunting for new sea shanties, treasure hunting, diving excursions, capturing naval forts, animal hunting, animal harpooning, managing your fleet of trade ships. Short of the rather exhausting collectable hunting, almost everything else is relishable.It took me almost 50 hours to beat the story and do maybe half of the more fun side activies. The ship battles are huge fun. You have a decent number of options for attacking ships for plunder and you can optionally board them and wipe the crew for double the booty. The visuals and sound effects really make it meaty and the rewards for a ship captured or sunk make it satisfying.The sea is alive and dangerous as well. Storms and military and vigilante ships fill the waters. Excellent OST. Lots of tripletheavy swarthy sea songs for battles, fingerplucked guitar for Spaincontrolled cities, and foreboding droning for jungle temples. Not to mention your pirate crew sings sea shanties when youre on the go, which you can gratifyingly earn more of by searching towns. Cool locations and level design. A few expansive cities each with their own visual style to small ports and lush jungles. Lots of utilities to use in combat and even more in stealth. Stealth sequences are largely functional even if guard AI can be a tad overly sensitive.NEUTRAL Multiplayer is dead, naturally. I couldnt test it out but I doubt anyones buying this game for the multiplayer. Lots of boring, tiring stuff to collect, specifically nonburied chests and the memory fragments which are orbs located atop climbing challenges. Not real penalty for skipping all of it if youre not going for 100 completion so it doesnt hold back the game. Some story events were kind of jarringly paced with weird resolutions. The game takes place over 7 years so I assume this was an unavoidable byproduct of an otherwise brave story move.CONS It seems almost all the things that hold this game back are the most Assassins Creedesque parts of it....There are tailing missions. A LOT of them. Theyre exhaustingly boring and stupid and seldom justified within the story....The upfront combat is pretty shallow. A few enemy types change your tactics up but ultimately its just a worse Arkham system. Click to attack. Click another button to parry when an enemy prompt shows. Press a third button to break blocks of heavy enemies. Naturally, they attack one at a time, too....The Assassins/Templars dichotomy wasnt very interesting to me. On the one hand, you got all these diverse and lively pirates and these swarthy and hateable British/Spanish aristocrats duking it out. On the other, you have these robotic, utterly predictable assassins who are all the same stoic, resentful ahole characters rambling on about hackneyed garbage. The climbing is functional 80 of the time, but its really finnicky in specific areas, particularly if youre trying to do percise navigation. Maybe it works better on controller because there were a few dozen times Kenway leaped or dropped where I didnt want him to... usually to his death... I guess return Assassins Creed players are familiar with this but theres this whole concept of Abstergo. The events of the game are a memory of the protagonists bloodline or some Youre forced out of the fun pirate world every dozen missions or so to do utterly boring garbage in this modernday Templar vs. Assassin subplot. Completely pointless and utterly boring. The characters, what few there are, are incredibly uninteresting as well as the story. Worst of all, the entire modernday gameplay loop consists of just walking around in this UNCHANGEABLE nauseating 60 FOV perspective, just opening doors and doing miserably boring hacking minigames. I know the game was coming off the whole Desmond Miles saga but it was definitely time to give this part of the franchise a rest. It takes up about, maybe, 3 hours tops out of the good part of the game though. One of your coolest combat abilities you get toward the end of the game, even though its not exactly a Godtool. Would have been a lot of fun to get more use out of it. Some annoying locations for you 100 completionists out there. Almost 50 little random islands are scattered about the sea, and its a pain in theto get to them, get the collectables, and get back to your ship when minor locations have no options to dock. Infrequent but annoying sound bugs. Sounds will stop playing particularly from weapons like swords or the ships cannons until you restart the game. Ending was somewhat anticlimactic. All loose ends were tied up, though.OVERALLDespite Ubisofts wellearned reputation of regurgitating openworld games with a lot of crap filler content, this one is an exception. The story was compelling, the world was rich and fun to explore and take down, and the sea combat wont get old for me. I was interested to the very end where Ive gotten burnt out before toward the end of much shorter openworld games. Well worth getting past the more boring missions and mechanics.