9/10! YES you should buy this game! I totally sound like a fanboy in the review and I apologise, its just that this game gave me the same feeling AC II managed to deliver and I am excited about thatWARNING IF you decide to buy this game after reading this, GET IT ON STEAM! you dont want to get it on uplay, Uplay isnt ready for us. you do require uplay to play but i experienced 0 issues with thatThis game is awesome!there it is! i said it, Yes it is your yearly release so you know what to expect i guess, but also you dont.This is a pirate game, now I have to start by saying that I am not a huge fan of pirates, they are cool and the pirates of the caribean movies were awesome but im not really a sea person. I had to make an exception for this game.Back to a nice funny/awesome main characterIt may be a little strange that edward can do all the things assassins do considering he is not an assassins when you begin. I always liked connor, i liked his story and enjoyed playing it but I had a hard time stumbeling through ACIII and i didnt do any side missions at all. This feels like AC II where we got to learn an amazing new character who sticks with me till this day, damn i love ezio. no homoI think i have already played this game more than Assassins Creed III but i am not even half way done with the story, i am really doing every side objective I can get my hands on. And the Phone application makes it a little easier which i love. If you have an ipad or smartphone you can download the companion app and do some cool stuff on there.MechanicsAll the mechanics are basically the same, a lot of the animations are shared between AC III and AC IV. I have to admit i am not bothered by it. The combat still looks awesome and feels awesome. The game is EASY! yes full caps, i went there. but yeah if you are looking for a challenge i suppose that you should not play this game, I like easy to be honest, it makes me feel good about myself xD.The naval combat/exploration/just sailing around is amazing! In my opinion they nailed the pirate feeling. in my opinion it can get a little to busy on the open seas and that can poop on your immersion i guess. if you want to sail the seas with nobody in sight, well... thats not going to happen there are always other ships around you. A lot of the times they leave you alone though, if you are a nice guy.If you dont like the naval system thats fine as well its required for some missions of course but you can still use fast travel and there are a lot of epic things to do on land. such as exploring some beautifull sceneriesWait?! you get to play in the present as well?!?!?! not that S AGAIN!Yes! you do get to play present day again and ive heard some complaints about it but if i have to be honest with you, I like it.. a lot even. It is kept to a true minimum and if you dont give a ratsabout the present guy well, then you can ignore him and stay in the aninuminuminus . there are some required leaves introducing you to things you can do during the modern time I am not going to spoil things but since the moment ive entered that building i noticed things, certain voices/faces/ and other things that you will recognize if you played the previous games. It is really really a nice change of pace for me and does not feel forced or wrong. I was expecting only madness from the current time in AC IV but i got something really cool!MultiplayerI am not going to lie, I dont buy AC for the MP. I really liked what i played for the few hours that I played it, its fun, there is a solid tutorial for the new people me and there is some coop mode but dont expect to much, its not really special at all. Its cool and you can get a few extra hours of game time from there, maybe you will like it and stay.MusicI am a very big music person, game music interests me beyong anything you can imagine. And assassins creed has some of the best if not the best music in the industry. The soundtrack for IV is very solid and especially the Main menu music does it for me again! ingame you have a lot of songs that your crew can sing, I like it but thats not really my thing, when i talk about music i mean the score. So far it has been solid at the level of AC but nothing to fancy yet. besides the Main menu music of course! epic! I wont rate the music just yet.Bugs/Support/performanceBugs This game has way less bugs than accassins creed, its like they played it a little more safe, for which i am happy because DAMN! AC III had some major game breaking bugs when it released and then we are not even talking about people just teleporting in and out of your screen right before your eyes! Dont get me wrong, this game has bugs and mistakes but come on, that happens with such a huge open world and in my opinion none of these are game breaking.Support My experience with Ubisoft support is terrible! 0/10, AC III had a bug where the audio would go missing, 1000s of people had this and it took them a month to reply, i hope this has been improved but I cant say anything about it yet.Performance I play this game on almost the highest settings way higher then NVidia experience recommends and it runs at a solid 30FPS, it is capped at 30.. yeah 0.0  that was my first reply as well.. what is this !?!?, if the game doesnt perform to well it will cap your FPS at 30, this is an nvidia thing though. But i like it, it makes the gameplay feel smooth and the graphics look very nice, it is well optimized in my opinion and there are a lot of settings you can change. playing at a solid 30 is a better experience than playing with 60 FPS that has drops to 30, this is way more noticable then a steady FPS It does not look as good as in the screenshots though. I dont know why games keep marketing their product falsely, it just gets your expectations up to high and it can only disappoint. YES WATCHDOGS I AM TALKING TO YOU! YOU BETTER LOOK AS AWESOME AS THAT E3 DEMO!The game is a full price game and it reuses a lot of things learned in old games, but in my opinion the story  side objectives of which there are soo many! make this game worth its price. If you like assassins creed I am pretty sure you will love this game. I would like to recommend you get the Digital deluxe edition, this also gives you a 25 discount on the season pass  a lot of other cool things.I am sorry for the many spelling mistakes in this review, I made it very quickly after playing the game and I need to get some sleep!