After the terrible game known as Assassins Creed 3, I avoied this one until I could get it on sale for 30. AC3 could be best summed up as Nothing new, worse story, and AMERICA! There was a small boating simulator in AC3 that didnt go far, but all the crafting, assassin side stuff, and everything else was garbage. Thankfully, it seems like AC IV fixes all those issues.For of all, they brought back the climb to the top and sync, rather than moving underground for fast travel points or running around on the map to discover it. You climb up, you sync, you get a fast travel and the map. This is good. They also brought back crafting, BUT it actually is useful and helps the character. All the weapons are purchased for large sums, you know, MONEY! Something that AC3 thought having lots of meant the player is having fun! Not really. It wasnt until the very end that I started to have no more use for money.Sailing and being a pirate is really fun. Really, really fun. So much that youll ignore the main story missions UNTIL you have to do them to unlock certain abilities.Story wise its a good game. The main character has faults and is somewhat likeable, unlike that jackass from AC3 who was less warm than a bag of ice. The nonassassin characters are based on historical people and are fun. But the assassin stuff is... lukewarm. In fact, you could probably strip everything Assassins Creed out of this game and itd be fine. And that brings me to the next subject matter The present day.Ubisoft should strip ALL modern day stuff and conspiracy BS in the present day from their Assassins Creed games. Seriously. Not only did I find that part of the story to be boring, it was VERY, VERY forced. The game was trying to tell a story that nobody wanted to hear. Go back to the pirates! Thats what is good!The present day is bizarre.. youre an employee playing the memories of Desmond Miles The most boring character in history. Thank god he was killed off. Im calling this right now In AC 5 or whatever the future games will be, youll play as this silent character in the real world until... YOU BECOME AN ASSASSIN! Create your own character thats you and ASSASSINATE DA ENEMIES! Im calling this now and, if I am right, I want Ubisoft to personally thank me for being awesome.