The fourth numbered entry in the Assassins Creed series that proudly carries all that a title like that entails.  Ill keep this short for people by assuming that those reading know the basics of these games and Ill specifically go over the biggest changes since Assassins Creed 3.Ship combat has been improved and is a far larger part of the game than previously.  Im sure that this is assumed since youre a pirate now but the developers outdid themselves and made it an absolute blast.  You can now upgrade pretty much every aspect of your ship several levels by acquiring resources to do so.  How, you ask?  Good old fashioned piracy.  Blast an enemy ship to the point of almost sinking and you can swing aboard for some good old swashbuckling which will net you resources, crew, materials to repair your ship, and even additional ships to do your bidding in the fleet minigames.  In an abstract sense, I almost felt like I was playing a modern Sid Meiers Pirates when I was sailing about the Caribbean.As per usual in Assassins Creed, the ancestors story was great and very engaging but the blasts to the present frequently bored me to tears.   In this game, even moreso than the others, I often wished that AC was composed entirely of the memory sequences instead of any of the Abstergo Entertainment garbage.Edward Kenway, the protagonist and Connor from AC3s grandfather, is an interesting character who I enjoyed playing as.  A drunken pirate with a love of plunder who rides a character arc that ends with him growing as an individual, he fit the atmosphere perfectly and really fit the bill.  The supporting cast was also fantastic and I found that I grew attached to several of the characters over the course of the game.  Each was well written and had an interesting arc of their own in the games story.I highly recommend this game to fans of the series as well as any who are looking for a good stealth game with fun combat mechanics and/or a great piracy simulator.  The Freedom Cry DLC is also very much worth it on a sale price and will provide several hours of entertainment playing a character that contrasts Edward to the extreme.  Aveline, on the other hand, is enjoyable but very much a demo offering only about half an hour of play.