I dont know if I recommend this, honestly. Just read my criticisms and decide for yourself.I only played the first and second AC. The first was a clumsy mess of a game but very innovative. I remember thinking to myself Cant wait to see what they do next, with all issues solved. This is going to be the goto formula for AAA games in the next few years. I guess I was right, AC 2 did solve all its issues and expanded on the original. And this did became the goto formula for AAA games even to this day.Then, after many years without playing an AC game, but playing plenty of sprouts of AC, like Batman, Just cause and many others, I gave AC another try with Black Flag. Heard great things about it, so why not. I dont remember exactly how AC 2 felt when playing, so my main parameter for comparison comes from Batman games, and I dont know if Batman really improved on the formula or if this AC took a few steps backwards.About free running/climbing. The level/missions design certainly doesnt respect the limitations of the system. The game makes you chase enemies through narrow streets, so you will find yourself climbing a wall that was exactly perpendicular to the direction you were running because you brushed against it. Then the game makes you stalk people, but you cant rely on this movement scheme will do what you think it should. When you are two levels above the guards and want to drop to the second level you might end up doing a somersault with a rolling finale on the guards feet instead.The parkour system is actually impressive, with glitches here and there, like getting stuck at small steps and not finding the occasional edge, but its the level design that simply doesnt know what it can do well. On the sea there is a similar issue. Its all very fun, sailing through storms, attacking other ships, upgrading etc. Until the game decides to throw an escort mission. Oh god. An escort mission. On a ship. What else? underwater level? slippery ice level? retro references P And this is yet another example of mission design that doesnt seem to respect the mechanics a whole lot. Sure, you can finish this level, but not with skill. You will play again and again until you know where the ships are coming, just like you did for the chase and stalk missions. Its not the kind of level design that makes me happy. It feels like a chore.Does all of this break the game? not at all. It does make it frustrating about half the time. In fact, it feels like AC1 all over again! I remember feeling exactly like this, admiring the potential and wanting to see what comes next in the series. Only now Im not that curious anymore, specially after I heard this is the best of the series since AC2.