WARNING  THIS GAME REQUIRES A HIGH END COMPUTER TO RUN EFFECTIVELY AND SMOOTHLYJust looking to earn some gold to give my wife a great life and get her out of that little shack, shouldnt be that hard right? Heheh being a pirate sure isnt an easy living let me tell you. Sailing along in the dead of night, the seas are calm, but the air is still. A ship behind us Captain, shouts a crew member Possibly a scout or merchant, we all turn to look only to see another ship right behind it, that aint no scouting party, I announce suddenly they open fire luckly were but a small ship so the shots to the stern all missed Turn hard to port, exclaims the captain, Ready the cannons! As the ship turn hard to the left we arm the cannons getting ready to fire back Fire! we let loose all the cannons on the port side, we score a few good hits but nothing major Reload and be ready to fire on my mark the captain orders while straightening out the wheel. The captain skillfully runs us parallel with the enemy ship Fire! our cannons rip several holes in the enemy ship instantly setting it ablaze but they also shoot back damaging our sails and putting a few holes in the deck and igniting the gunpowder barrels Put those flames out you maggots the captain shouts while pushing a crewmate and I towards the open flame. Then as quick as the attack a man, donned in blue with a hood over his a head and a blade fixed to his wrist, hops on board and kills the captain and then puts his sights on me. I have no weapons and not much fighting experience, what do I do? I think to myself as I step back, suddenly the gunpowder barrels explode, launching both the mysterious assailant and I into the waters.I managed to get to the shore of a nearby island but so does the mysterious assailant, holding his hand to a wound possibly shrapnel from the explosion, he beckons to me offering me a job take him to Havana or something, claims he will pay me. Pffft as if, a pirate would just take the gold he will pay me with and thats what im going to do but the assailant isnt as crippled as he lets on, he raises a flintlock startling me to my knees damned pirates he mumbles, he tosses the empty flintlock aside and scurries off.Running through the bushes I finally catch up with him only to be attacked but this time I found a sword and he was hurt badly so the fight was over quick. I search the man for the gold he had mentioned earlier only to find a parcel containing a strange object and a note, explaining that the payment we be recieved after this object is delivered to a man in Havana. Seems simple enough, I strip down the assailant taking on his identity so that the client wont suspect im some random thug.Alot happens after, I managed to get to Havana and deliver the package, only to be repaid with a trifle and when I go back to the client at night to voice my opinion on the matter im ambused by his men and put onboard a prison ship it is here that I meet my future secondincommand, a slave named Adewale, together with Adewale and a few other prisoners onboard we take control of the ship and claim it as my own, The Jackdaw!A fine ship this voices Adewale, Aye I reply But it is but a mere minnow to the sea of sharks that also sail these seas, we need to get her properly outfitted for war for that is surely what it will take to a successful pirate.That is who I am, not some assassin, Im a pirate, a scourge of the high seas, a pillager of ships, I take what I want, when I want , how I want and if anyone has a problem with that, they can talk to the pointed end of my cutlass. We take the Jackdaw to a nearby port to get some proper armaments for her.First reinforce the ship with better wood, wood that can take a punch or thirty, next up some cannons bigger, no BIGGER, thats good now get more of them, like twentyfive more add a steel ram to the front along with half a dozen frontal cannons, some flame barrels on the stern for any wouldbe pursuers, get a skull figurehead, a terrifying wheel and sails that will strike fear into anyone on the we meet and anyone we sink, now thats a pirate ship.We sale the high seas, merrily singing of tales and cheering for a our numerous victories Haha! I laugh as I raise a mug of pillaged rum, that is our hundrenth pillage men, we will be living as kings before long. CAPTAIN! shouts one of the men, out there to the starboard side. I grab my spying glass to see exactly what it is. A ship, largest ship I have ever seen, completely black and another ship beside it, identical but this one is pure white, I...Ive heard of these ships before, w...w...we cant hope to win, a frightened crewman stutters with fear in his voice, What is it man, what are they, I ask but he is far to frightened to speak coherently The legendary twin sister ships, Adewale says with a quiet tone, The black sister, the HMS Fearless and the white sister, the Royal Sovereign, together they employ a funneling maneuver flanking both the port and starboard sides of their victims ship followed up by continous fire from their seeminly infinite number of cannons effectly sinking their prey with minimul sustained damage to themselves, noone has ever faught these sisters and survived. Well now if they are so high and mighty they must have quite the stack of gold onboard, I say with forcing a grin on my face, We take them out and surely we will be set for life. Haha ready the cannons men we are engaging the sister I grab the wheel and turn the ship starboard, straight towards the legendary ships.This game is a spectacular pirate game, sail the seas, shoot down other ships only to board them, wipe out the crew and take the survivors hostage or have them join your crew then proceed to take the spoils and sink the ship. You truly do feel powerful while playing this game as the waves can rock your boat realistically and effectively throwing off your aim when targeting and enemy ship or even lifting your ship above where the enemy is aiming but pillaging ships isnt the only thing to do as a pirate, you can also capture forts, small settlements, explore uncharted islands and even go fishing for whales.All in all I felt that your werent much of an assassin in black flag but a common headhunter, jumping out of bushes and killing guards, ranged combat with your blowdarts because flintlocks are not very assassin like, sure you get the assassin blade, sure you have to go kill templars but so were the other installmentsTo make a clearer understanding of this game instead of reading it as Assassins Creed Black Flag one should just read is simply as Black Flag ensuing the idea of a pirate game because Ubisoft seems to be straying away from the old honor and creed of Assassins Creed but thats just my opinion of the soon to be James Bond of the 18th century. 