Ubisoft has done it again. I bought this game at a later date to get it at a lower price and in the hopes that all the bugs and wrinkles would be ironed out.I dont need to complete that paragraph, do I?I bought the game mainly for the multiplayer, and havent played the singleplayer beyond the first island, so this review wont be going into that. I am sure it also has its share of annoyances. In any case, I was hoping that Ubisoft would have learned from all the ups of the past, but no.There are three kinds of bugs the first kind is the one you can live with. The other kind is one that prevents you from playing, something that is often a mercy.The third kind is the kind that is tantalizing, something you think you could ignore... but no. It is there, ing up your day, all the time in the most frustrating ways possible.I dont get angry at games. Except... Assassins Creed Multiplayer.The MP is a mess of connection and serverside issues. For example, for me the leveling mechanism does not work properly, and I will be rewarded with ingame skill point currency I am due if I am very lucky during a particular session. Then there are the constant matchmaking and connection issues that plague the game itself. We live in the farflung future of 2014, and Ubisoft still hasnt figured out how to program a multiplayer game that doesnt  with you at random.I tried to reset my password at the Ubisoft support site, but even their password reset system is bugged, because they ed up their recaptcha system by providing two obligatory fields when the captchas themselves are just providing singleword Googlemaps address numbers nowadays.This is a good time to mention the time I discovered that when registering into Ubisoftsomethingorother the system would glady accept a password with space charactersand then not accept passwords with spaces in them when logging in, making you question your sanity as you desperately try to figure out why all your passwords dont work.This mess of frustration is just a culmination of Ubisofts philosophy of tossing out a new game every year and trying to monetize theout of it in the meanwhile, all the while ignoring the glaring problems their games have as they migrate on to their next project their grandest, most vast  up to date, whenever that is.I am reasonably certain that the Abstergo Credit bug is because you can now buy microtransaction currency for real money. The systems for preventing abuse are also ing everything up for everyone else. Some people have even reported not getting their microtransaction rewards, which is the only reason why I dont think Ubisoft is preventing normal ingame currency collection to sell Erudito credits.As the multiplayer component of an AC game dies out as each new titles in the series come out, I wish that the multiplayer could be divorced from the single player in order to give it the time it needs to mature and to keep a steady longtime player base. As it is, though the MP is a beautiful, beautiful game, it is beautiful in the way that a sick person dying of consumption in some old Gothic novel is beautiful pale, doomed and breaking my heart. 