I can only confirm here what Ive said in my Rogue review, and that is, in comparison, Black Flag would be GTA IV while Rogue would be WatchDogs. The comparison is due to the gameplay. Both are fairly open world with areas becoming available the further you progress, both offer a ton of side activities that let you spend hours without playing the main mission, but there is one big difference Black Flag is more the just for fun, easy going pirate adventure, while Rogue is more sinister, more streamlined, and more focussed on what you need to achieve. Its more about managing yourself and your resources without imposing that all too much on you. I like both styles, so it doesnt really matter to me. Be sure to get the companion app if you have an iPhone, so you can manage your fleet when not playing the game, or while playing the game without a need to go into the Captains Quarters.Black Flag is a huge game, you really do get the feel of freedom, of being a privateer, of being the pirate that can do as he pleases. You can loot, hunt, explore, pillage, and upgrade your vessel, the Jackdaw, as well as yourself to your hearts content. I have literally played for hours without touching the next story mission.You meet some historically known characters, and even if the timeline and lore dont entirely match, thats what tales are for. If you ever wanted to play Pirates of the Carribbean with a touch of GTA, then look no further matey, yarr!Im playing it on an i74770 with a GTX 750 1 GB, and 8 GB RAM at work lunch breaks etc., and on a Core2Quad Q9400 2.66 GHz, GTX 650 1 GB, and 8 GB RAM at home. Same resolution 1080p, and normal to high settings, except for ambient occlusion and particles. Both on Windows 7 x64. bNote/b Get GameSave Manager. Havent found a better way to transfer game progress accross platforms and the internet!Rogue is definitely better optimized plays smooth on higher settings, but either way, both play without significant, if any, frame drops and then only in particularly fierce naval combat.I would definitely recommend turning off PhysX, volumetric fog, and setup vsync via your graphics cards control panel while disabling it ingame. That will give you the highest FPS.