This game is so good I want to eat it! 9.5/10Let me start with,NO this is not your tippical AC. Is that a good thing? YES it is.Why? Because a lot of ppl out there are a little tired of the AC game play etc. It gets boring after some time. Sneakin , listening , kill , run , rinse repeat. I was one of those people. But think of this Black Flag addition as Sand box, exploration, pirate game and the finnaly, at the end, AC gameplay in the mix.I actually bought this game because I was looking for a good pirate game. Let me tell you, it does not come better than this. I love sailing the open waters with my crew singing shantys across the deck. Looking out over the insanely beautifull enviroment, that you sail past. Next moment Im in a sea battle with 2 ships. 1 of them has the metal I need to upgrade my cannons. So I shoot them to pulp and then start boarding the ship. Then this turns into a fight with swords and guns on the enemy boat. I take the loot, sink their ship, sail to a harbor and sell the sugar and rum. Got enough money now for the upgrade on my ship.Then I decide that I want a little bit more money, so I go visit the place where they keep the pigeons with assain contracts on them. Yes this is where the AC part begins, but the village is so beatifull and scenic, that i forget about the rinse repeat stuff and just kill the target, split and the go buy some harpoons because a White Whale has been spotted infront of the coast, I can hunt.The map is huge, where most of your travel consists of Sailing your ship across the water.The game is awesome. To put it down in numbers would not be right. Main caracter is really well done. Charcters you meet are rich of story and looks. The voice overs are to good to be true. Landscape Is amazing. I especially like the sea. Music is ok, shantys are brilliant in my op. Gameplay as always is pretty solid.1 thing I did not like! You need to have BEAST of gaming rigg to full experiance ultra settings. Got a I5 3570k clocked to 4.1 ghz, got a crossfire hd 7970 royal king, graphic card setup. It uses it all to 98 So thats max. I play it in high settings.If you are a AC fan or a former one. Buy it, beacause they are back! 