This is quite simply the most enjoyable gaming experience I can ever recall, and I had a Commodore 64 with, like, a billion games.This isnt an RPG with an amazing story, nor a storydriven game with RPG elements.  Its not a pirate sandbox in the same way its not a 3D action platformer.  Its more than any of these things.The attention to detail, superb writing and genuinely surprising voice acting make it the first game to take the title of OMG Favourite Game of All Time, Like Seriously, You Guys Should Play This without a hint of sarcasm.  AC IV BF is, in my worthless opinion, a masterpiece.  Its the Heath Ledger of Jokers.  Its the double brie of cheeses.Audio.This gleaming piece of gaming magic has shanties  Shantii? A Yaaaarrr of shanties?  Whatever the collective noun, if youre anything like me, youll eschew the money/upgrade/unlockable item side quests, choosing instead to spend two hours chasing down sheet music.  I actually spent an embarrassing amount of time sailing around in circles listening to the crew sing to the accompanyment of thunderstorms and waves.  Aside from the brilliance of the male choir that is your crew who are just pirating to pay the bills until theyre discovered the music is astounding.  The contextual fadein/out is perfect  wait until you get into your first major ship to ship combat and see.  Essentially, the sound design and direction is so good it could be used for a feature length film and not feel out of place.Visuals.Just...wow.  Imagine having 30g of fairy dust shot into your eyes.  This game is gorgeous.  Again, the attention to detail shines through.  Spray crashes over the bow of your ship as you breach a wave. Water ripples in the shallows so beautifully, it will actually make you want to go for a swim and I hate the beach.  In point of fact, the water is the real star here.  Its amazing.  Beyond amazing.  Its easily the best looking fluid model Ive seen in a game.  Two words Rogue wave. Are waterboners a thing?Controls  GameplayThe controls are intuitive and easy to pick up note I played with an xbox 360 controller across the ship combat, free running and melee combat sections.  My only frustration was due to getting stuck in an climbablebutblocked area due to a tight chasecamera.  This typically results in Edward, our protagonist, hanging ineffectually like a suave, tattooed pinata whilst angry people whack at him with a variety of sharp things.  This happened to me a lot in the first 30 minutes, but once you get used to the controls its almost never an issue.As for the gameplay itself?  Its frankly amazing that the shiptoship combat and melee combat mesh together so well.  I was expecting the waterside biffo to feel tacked on, but its no more a hasty addition than the cars are an afterthought in GTA.  ShipBiff is a central part of the game that feels polish, well balanced and  above all  fun.  Relentlessly fun.  Dont expect simulation levels of detail and accurate phyics Train Simulator 2013 is over there, because you cant fit that stuff into a package that is jammed to the gills with fun, kay?  You fire various types of ship munitions all of which are upgradeable, as is your ship at each other until the other guys catch fire.  Then you can scuttle them, netting half the loot or board them for all the loot and a touch of handtohand combat.  I cant stress how well the transition between these two areas is designed...  Let go of the wheel and youre back in edwards boots boots which, in short order, are landing on the enemys deck, neck and pile of booty  in that order.  There are no loading screens to be seen.  AMAZE.SummaryBUY THIS GAME. YOU NEED THIS GAME IN YOUR LIFE. THIS GAME IS REALLY, REALLY, REALLY QUITE GOOD.