Well, this was a suprising hit.When I first heard of Black Flag, I must admit I was a sceptic. A new Assassins Creed only a year after the last one... Bet this is going to be like Call of Duty. I was pretty happy with Assassins Creed AC 3 singleplayer. The story was desent, and the maps were pretty good  but like with all other AC games, I never got into collecting or multiplayer.I desided to go around AC4, cause how can it be any good so close to the last one?I had my birthday just after New years, and desided to try out AC4, due to good reviews.And boy was i pleasently suprised! First of all, they cut back on all that Animus crap from the other games, so that was a great suprise.The story is okay, nothing like AC1 or AC2, but good enough to keep you moving forward.You play a pirate that engages in navelcombat with a random boat, that has an Assassin onboard. You both end up on the beach, and after abit of learning the movements and combat, you end up killing him and taking his clothes. Turns out he was a traitor, and you use this for personal glory. I wont spoil it all here The big thing in the game is the sailing. And do it deliver big time. I love roaming the sea, having my crew sing different songs, and plundering innocent merchant ships from Spain or Great Britain. The naval combat functions really well, and it is easy to switch between weapons, controling the ship and boarding other vessels.Its so much fun, that after reaching Act 8 of 13 i totaly forgot about the story and just went around plundering and upgrading my ship.After a while I desided to get back to the story, and finished it rather quickly. But the game wouldnt let me go there.After finishing, I really wanted to collect stuff. You can see on your map, when a location has been depleted of all activity it turns yellow. And it didnt take long for me to make them all turn yellow!The most tedious part was the diving missions, because you have very limited movement and time and no weapons. But ive heard from others they found them to be the most thrilling parts of the game...Ive now fully upgraded my ship, got a badass Mayan bulletproof Armor and almost collected everything in the game. Ive spent 60 hours, and was very entertained all the way.And on a end note, may I recommend watching the Black Sails starz serie that is currently running in between gameingsessions, just to keep the mood going! DTLDR Desent singleplayer, great navalcombat and really adictive! A must buy for every Assassins Creed fan!