Absolutely breathtaking is a very good way of describing Assassins Creed IV Black Flag, from my experience at least. Im very happy that Ubisoft decided to go back in time to a very interesting period in history, the Golden Age of Piracy. Not only does this game visit a stunning Caribbean setting, but there are also numerous enhancements to the gameplay and graphics. Ive put about 30 hours into it so far and Im 60 towards total completion.In Black Flag, you can sail your own pirate ship, and explore a vast Caribbean sandbox consisting of uncharted islands, shipwrecks, and 3 major cities. Theres a vast open ocean to travel across, but the new convenient fast travel system has eliminated the annoyances of fast travel in the previous games such as finding a fast travel point in order to fast travel. Now after discovering a location, you can quickly travel there at any time you wish.Each of the cities is different in its style and residents. Visiting each of them gave me the feeling that I was visiting a different part of the world. Havana has the Spanish theme, Kingston has the English theme, and Nassau has the Pirate theme. I was very impressed with the amount of detail put into each location. And this can be said for the more remote areas such as the jungles and beaches. A lot of work was put into making the environments feel genuine.The gameplay has been slightly improved since Assassins Creed III. There are many new tools to use some are REALLY neat, and new animations for fighting sequences. The enemies feel more dangerous than they did in previous games, which are good because I always found the combat to be a little too easy P Black Flag has made sure to keep the fights challenging.The graphics are another point worth mentioning. The AnvilNext engine looks even better than it did in Assassins Creed III, which is to be expected, but it went above my expectations. The new weather system features full night and day cycles, complete with the most intense storms Ive ever seen in games. Nvidia users get the full experience, with TXAA antialiasing and improved PhysX, though Radeon users still have a great looking game!A big reason I bought this game was because of the story, which is AAA quality as usual. The Templar twist in Assassins Creed III still beats anything that Black Flag has thrown at me, but that doesnt mean Im disappointed. There are many famous pirates that some history buffs will go crazy over. Your character Edward has one hell of a journey turning from pirate to Assassin and even plays a Templar for a while. Its very well thought out, with real events being tied into fictional events, part of the Assassins Creed universe.Theres so much more for me to talk about, but if anyone has made it this far, youll probably be sick of this fan boy rant. If you enjoy the series, you wont need this review. If youre unsure, I would take a risk and buy it. Theres so much to do, and a great story to boot. 