So far AC Brotherhood was my favourite from the series but Black Flag is a serious contender to dethrone it. Hell, if it goes for main campaign I actually enjoyed almost every single bit.Cons Glitches They are back. Not many, but some of the most irritating ones Ive ever witnessed in the series. Example your quartermasters voice is just not there after certain luckily far point in the game. Ade from DLC also was blessed with sweet female voice for a while. Now everything makes sense!. Also once Ive found myself trapped inside the ship during boarding. I couldnt swim out. It was awkward. Moving on ramps/masts during boarding I wanted to jump lower on the mast, instead Kenway grabbed the line... Sometimes he flew on it so far, he ended up in the water far from the ship boarded. There were few situations like that, oh boy, and was I not Freedom Cry DLC its not as good as it could be. In fact, after pure joy that main campaign was, this DLC drastically cooled it down after first two  three missions. Potential wasted. Honestly I cannot think of anything else.Pros Environment. I guess thats the strongest side. Everywhere you look, its gorgeous from the sea, sandy beaches, to vegetation and wildlife. All is lively, sunny or stormy it makes you want to sit on the stool and drool... I mean, watch the sunset. There are taverns where a very nice songs can be heard. You can also get drunk. Although effect isnt nearly as epic as when you get a wasted Witcher. Music always one of the strongest aspects of the series. No different here. Characters extremely well done, voiceacted and presented. Main character is also a joy to witness. Benny Hornigold, my favourite scallywag, I liked him even after. Education Ive learned more from this game about pirates and the Caribbean during XVIIIth century then from any other source. True I was never much interested, but hey, dont let fools tell you games cannot teach! Story it was good despite my fears ignited by malcontents who wouldnt recognize a perfect game even if they ripped on it that it may have little to do with the Assassins Creed story from the previous games. There is a continuation and its not that silly. Outfits decent number of them, few really really good ones. Weapons and combat system same old, same old, and old is gold. You can have up to 4 pistols now. Shooting them is fun. Jackdaw your very own ship, you can change its appearance and upgrade it. You can have your crew and best of all  you can have shanties. Whats not to love. Cheats this was the first AC game I was tempted to use some. Some are hilarious, me hearties! Underwater missions cool new addition. Irritating at times, but magical too,  especially with the sounds of marine life. In fact, I wish there were more. To get full sync was not as irritating this time around for the main campaign that is. Requirements not maddening. Present part I liked the twist and connection between AC in the past and the present Abstergo. I honestly didnt expect that and well... I like being surprised. Other then that, it was a bit tired after some time. Multiplayer if anybody cares.This game is a gem. Even if someone is not very much into Assassins  Templar tough love, it is a joy just to play it.