I am conflicted about this game. On the one hand, there are so many aspects of it that make it extremely exciting and fun to play. There are certain improvements over previous games that make this a great step forward. On the other hand, however, there are so many random glitches, complications, and ridiculous lack of foresight in mission design that it becomes so terrible to play through.To start with the improvements, lets just say that the game is, in many ways, much more enjoyable. The addition of naval combat, fun little minigames hunting is improved with the addition of fishing, table top games to kill time even if the AI is ridiculously illequipped to compete against, etc, expansion of some weapons, and the addition of not requiring the purchase of random treasure maps to be able to find trunks and collectible items. These improvements do, in many ways, add a lot of replayability to the series which was lacking before. Of course, the setting itself is quite enjoyable and the characters are interesting enough to make the story worthwhile. In so many ways this game is fantastic, but unfortunately, there are so many complications and problems that make these improvements not as wonderful as they should be.I am not sure if there are just problems with the PC version of this game or not, but there are countless random bugs and glitches that make this game lose some of its appeal. One of the first things I noticed was the distortion of enemies during assassinations. The majority of times that I would do hidden knife assassinations or even with swords by walking/running up to an enemy, the enemy would randomly turn into a graphical version of the old Stretch Armstrong toys their body and limbs would randomly warp way out of proportion in a goofy looking ragdoll animation, as if each limb had its own rule of physics it was adhering to whilst still keeping the body in tact.There are other random graphical glitches such as freezing facial features during one play through Edwards lips were stuck wide open like a snarl, and his face looked furious. It was frozen like this through every cut scene and even ingame play until I restarted the game that are annoying. Yet aside from the graphical glitches there are various gameplay glitches not being able to climb up the rest of a wall until you move over 1 inch because it acts as if the way is being blocked, even when youre just trying to climb up the top part of a cliff or house. Glitches during fighting where you randomly cant block or you randomly attack a character that you obviously werent aiming for, often times ruining your whole chain attack. Of course these are annoying and unfortunately a lot more present than I was expecting them to be, especially this long after the games release.Gameplay mechanics are also annoying at times. AC has had a long history, at least for me, of having frustrating parkour mechanics. I cant recall how many times in previous games where I died because Ezio or in this case, Edward would randomly launch off from the top of a huge cathedral because it registered my controls as a means of saying you know that ledge right off to the right of me? Yeah, lets just jump under that for no reason and fall to our demise. Or of course, randomly climbing up things when you are just trying to run around them. Or not being able to climb up things because you havent aimed at it in the exact perfect position that the game expects you to. When the freerunning mechanics work, they can be fluid and wonderful, but sadly they do not always work.Fighting mechanics are also annoying. I feel like the chain kills in this game are way longer and drawn out than any previous game. By the time you do one or two chain kills, you end up taking so long in the execution that your chain is broken by those around you because they got tired of waiting for their turn. I am surprised that I have managed to get longer chains in this game at all, because the process is so long and drawn out that I often times can barely kill 2 guys in a row before any interruption. Of course, the further in the game you get you start fighting more and more of the everannoying characters that cant be outright attacked without some sort of disruption of their defence. Meaning the further in the game you get, the even harder it becomes to chain attack. Add to this the aforementioned random attacking pattern of Edward and you get a blur of confusion and frustration.Aside from that though, I have found the missions to be completely annoying. The first 3 hours of missions are basically follow this person. Follow this boat. Make sure you dont get caught, but heres 5000 people to follow right behind and on the side of your target to make sure its interesting. Also, lets make the follow time unbareable so that you are just hoping you dont get caught right before the end in order to have to endure it all over again. Even the missions that arent follow missions are ridiculous. Currently I stuck on a stealth mission where you cant get caught. But the way they set up the level and the massive amount of enemies they have strewn throughout the level make it ridiculously difficult. By the time I almost make it to the next checkpoint, I reach a terrible level design where the slightest mistake causes me to get caught again, leaving me to redo the whole ridiculous stealth all over again. Of course this is made further frustrating by being unable to kill the enemies, and not having yet recieved any help from nonlethal ranged weapons. You literally have to try and sneak past a million assassins with only being able to do closerange nonlethal take downs, even when lots of the enemies in your visual range are at a distance. It is beyond frustrating and a testament to where the mission setup is so boring that they are trying to make it interesting by adding a level of challenge to it. Unfortunately the challenge isnt in the mission, but in the lack of gameplay mechanics and tools to make it accessible.There are a number of other aspects of the game that are frustrating and I feel could have been much more well polished. Which is unfortunate, because the game in many aspects is absolutely amazing. When Im sticking to doing side missions and just having fun with naval warfare and improving my ship, I am having a wonderful time. But as soon as I start working on missions and dealing with frustrating and boring level designs, I have to take a break. Add to that the random weird glitches and lack of control and this game is unfortunately, one that I can barely recommend.It deserves to be recommended, and I do recommend it for people to try it out and experience some of the awesome aspects that this game has. But, if I were to try and recommend it based on its overall performance and gameplay, I would have to say look elsewhere. If glitches were fixed and gameplay was more accessible, this game would easily be the most amazing in the series. Unfortunately technical issues and unimaginative missions make this game only interesting in the areas that are supposed to be added enjoyability, and not the full source of enjoyment.