Literally the best game Ive ever played. At least, certainly my favorite game.I have never felt so immersed in and compelled by a game in my life. The music, the scenery, the world, the ships all these combined perfectly to pull me deep into the world of the game.SHIP COMBAT 10/10You have not felt immersion until you have stood at the wheel of a pirate ship dodging and blasting your way through a fiveway naval battle in an intense gale. The ship controls are perfect, and allow you a huge amount of control over the Jackdaw. As soon as I got my ship, I spent days of real time just sailing around fighting, plundering, and upgrading I cant get enough of it. I have played over 300 hours of this game and the naval combat has never once felt boring or stale every fight is an adventure provided you fight the ships in your weight class.I have beaten all the legendary ships. I have upgraded all aspects of my ship to 100 including the legendary upgrades. I even went on a treasure chest hunt so I could get that special ships wheel customization I wanted.All in all, this is the best sailing/naval combat game in existence that Ive played, at least.NONSHIP COMBAT 8/10You are rambo. Edward can literally take on the entire crew of a British ManOWar singlehandedly and win. The combat is fun and fast, but its pretty much just a buttonmasher. If youre looking for an innovative handtohand combat engine, you wont find it here Id recommend Shadow of Mordor. Also the game occasionally glitches, meaning you throw someone in the wrong direction, stab the air, etc this is a rare issue, though. Still, the combat, and especially the boarding sequences the game transitions seamlessly from naval combat to ship boarding stereotypical pirate rope swinging included is exciting and fastpaced, and makes you feel like youre in a lesssilly Pirates of the Caribbean film.STORY 7/10For a non choicedriven story, this game really delivers. I felt very invested in Edwards character, and I felt that he underwent significant and realistic character development. Many people say they dislike the story because Edward is motivated by greed, but in my opinion those people have missed the point. This story is about a man achieving his dream of wealth, only to realize SPOILER too late that love and family are the greatest treasures of them all. I almost cried at the ending SPOILER ENDS HERE.Frankly, I would have given the story a higher rating if not for the Assassin and Abstergo portions, which I found to be boring, uncompelling, and repetitive.WORLD 10/10Ive been to the Caribbean, and I have to say that this games portrayal of the sea and islands is spoton. The world is totally open, and the seas positively teem with trade and warships from different colonial powers which occasionally fight each other for you to plunder. Also, there are so many beautiful islands to explore that you can spend days of realtime getting through them all. Although the map is, of course, limited, it very rarely feels that way you feel like the sea is yours to roam.SOUNDTRACK 9/10As a music major, I hear a lot of great music by great composers. This games music is right up there with those in some places. The music changes a bit too fast for my taste in some places such as when youre going from naval to shipboard combat, but thats just a matter of personal preference. Its like Pirates of the Caribbean, but different.My only true complaint is that, sometimes, some of my crew sing a tad offkey in the seashanties. I like the shanties they are catchy and add to the experience. But to be honest, offkey singing drives me insane. Luckily this isnt the case with all the shanties.OVERALL 42/50 84If you like pirates, buy this game. I would have gladly paid double the price if I had known how good this game was. My rating is not 100 because I feel there are some aspects of the game that could be improved. That being said, I repeat that this is the most fun I have ever had playing a video game. 