Black Flag is a certain success. Certain, but not complete. The best word I have to describe that game is Inconsistent.After the questionable third volume of the Assassins Creed franchise, which was supposedly the last in the story... AC IV should have been very bright, sparkling with the story, the main character, the combination of all already invented game mechanics and a good addition of newer ones. It was really supposed to add something fascinating to the Assassins Creed Universe.Ubisoft crafted one of the greatest and interesting games with Pirates topic  and some even say the best pirate game of all. With that they failed to recollect the loose ends of that precious, yet quite dubious Creed of assassins. Speaking ahead, in the next game of the serial, the Rogue, Ubisoft went even forward with messing the cornerstones and adding as much blur to the main AC story as possible. What was intriguing and inspiring at the first and second volumes of franchise, the inheritance of the former race, the main quest to save the world from global apocalypse... all that becomes quite gaudy and messy, t the point when none care about the main quest at all. Oh well, lets cut the story, in the end it just dropped hard and shattered to bits and pieces  spoiling the overall impression even worse than the end of the Mass Effect III.As of the Black Flag in general, though... it is normal and even delightful openworld Ubisoft game, with the robbers from the main road posed as valiant knights in their crusade. Only with such goals to fulfill as the thirst for gold and blood and fear, and without the shadow of vengeance for their misdeeds... You may assume now what Im not so high with pirates as good guys. Well, Im not high about the killing in the first place, but that cant stop me from admiring the Assassins Creed serial for the impact on the gaming world that Ubisoft originally made.So  yeah, with all said, Black Flag is a damngood gaming experience, with intense action both on the land and on the sea. Great naval battles, the chests with gold and other prizes spread along the big territory of West India... Black Flag is a one fine adventure.It has some flaws, sure the main story and some of the game features quite illogical and even spoiled. Like hunting with the hidden blade  before you acquire one. Like the quests from assassins which you can take right after arriving in the first city  a friggin year before the story actually tells you to do so  and with that, the diving sequences which would be so natural to freeriding adventurer before he messed with Assassins comes closer to the end of the gameplot. In my game, Ive conquered all the forts, sinked one of the legendary ships, and done about 80 of other freeriding before I was permitted to finally bought the diving bell. It is so messed in my book, that only nonexplicit word I have about it is inconsistent. Yeah, I said that already, I know, I know...Some major glitches known from AC III and even previous titles  disappearing ships, leaving big holes into the water, for example. Or people stacking into supposedly solid structures, like walls and roofs. Sometimes during the missions you can try to perform something supposedly legal by games rules, but not lined into the given quest scripts, like jumping into other bush than you were aimed to... the game crushes. Sweet, right?Well, with all said, Im still highly recommend the Black Flag. Even if youre not down with all that Assassins Creed fuss, that game stands aside. Its a fairytale bout pirates, rum, treasures and exceptional bravery of the seamen, with glorious naval battles and very complex even if a bit unstable openworld experience.My mark is 8.7/10  I enjoyed almost everything but the occasional not frequent bugs and bits of logical flaws here and there during my gameplay.PS As of DLC Freedom Cry  take it, if you have a thing in saving black people from chains even if gets repetative quite fast. Or if you enjoy the melee combat by AC rules, as there will be new and fine moves with big mean machete. If only there were decapitations in the fighting engine, Adewale would be a perfect resemblance to the Machete movie... Blunderbuss is cool thing to wield as well, yarr! Just dont expect from Freedom Cry the deepness even on the level with Revelations. Its just a short DLC campaign for a black assassin, saving his people from slavery. Worth 6.9/10 mark, I guess.