My favorite Assassins Creed game was the first one in the series, I liked all the other ones after it but I could never truly love them as much as I did with the first one until now that is. I can finally add another one to the favorites list because this is more than just an Assassins Creed game its also an amazing pirate game.Theres so much going on in this game I mean whats not to love about a pirate caught between templars and assassins, the main story line will take about 24 hours to complete which was my main focus but theres tonnes of side quests and objectives to do which could possibly give you another 20 hours maybe even more. The best feature I think is the ship sailing and battles just oh my god amazingly fun, an addition to all the new crazy things comes ship customization to upgrade for battle or to look good and theres also all the other customization youd except from past Assassins Creed games for your character as well. A controller works perfectly out of the box and the keyboard and mouse work fine fully rebindable even though Id still recommend a controller. Theres plenty of user and graphics settings to mess with which is always a plus and theres more than one audio slider which is great. The game also comes with multiplayer your typical death match type game modes youve seen in the past, great fun with friends but might not be for everyone.I always hate having to list down bad things about games I love but it has to be done for one this game is super repetitive and I hate it, I hate having to constantly do tailing missions or stealth missions... I just want to get into the fun stuff but no thats never the case with this game. It also has that slow start syndrome you know the long story tutorials that tell you super basic things once every few sections. Theres also really boring abstergo missions you know the ones that force you out of the animus to do really lame stuff, I mean sure its cool but Id rather just play the historic side of the game. Lastly the game still doesnt have any form of windowed mode this is what the sixth game down the line and this still isnt a thing?I absolutely love this game and at its current price point of 25 USD its a steal, I mean if your looking for a good Assassins Creed game to reignite your love for the series or to just jump straight in with no strings attached, hell even for a good pirate game than this game is for you.