Let me be pretty sincere here this is the best Assassins Creed so far. Im a huge fan of the series and had always played all of the games right on the launch. It was not different with Black Flag.AC IV represents the final move into the pure sandbox experience. Although since AC Brotherhood the series invested in more and more quests and things to do out there in the open world, which has been improved in each instalment of the series, Black Flag has so many things to do, and so much different from each other, that it feels a completely fresh experience.I saw some criticism about the Creed part of the story being left aside, but for me it isnt too much of a big deal... AC is always about a historical representation, and it truly brings to us the end of the Caribbean Piracy Era. And the plot around Edward Kenway is a pure metaphore for it. Play it, pay attention to the details and youll clearly see it. Plus, the life of captain Edward is the most emotional of all the series, the character is the most humanized of them all.As for the gameplay, it feels really great to navigate from island to island, famous port to famous port, engage in battle and in piracy actions. The core gameplay revolves around your ship, but the mechanics of climbing and acting stealth still makes presence.One good thing is that the stealth part has been greatly improved. The level design is thought to be stealth, differently from the AC III, which had a broken level design for the stealth gameplay, specially for doing 100 of the achievements.Sure, Edwards drive is the same as the other AC games and sometimes hell end up doing things you dont want to. Ubisoft must look at this and make it better in AC Unity I believe, its something that is frustrating sometimes.The music is great but not that memorable as the AC II or III were, but you can still enjoy and the game has great voice acting. As for the graphics, videos and screenshots speak for themselves the game is gorgeous, specially on the PC, with many effects and a high resolution.Do not be affraid Black Flag is the best Assassins Creed to date, and one of the best historical games ever made. 