By far my favourite game of 2013 and easily the best Assassins Creed game yet. There was always something not fun about them. Presentation and story was always top notch, but far too many irritations crept in for my liking. Black Flag changed all that and presents a world that is beautiful and fun to traverse. Its games like this that spur on the gaming industry to create more graphically real worlds and for us to upgrade our PCs to play in them on ultra settings. The water simulation is simply incredible, from calm ocean to raging storms and everything in between, underwater realms and caves..the gfx are jaw dropping. It seems no expense has been spared to create it, with every facet made to immerse the player in the pirate world. Weather and rain effects complete the simulation and kudos to the developers for not constantly reminding the player that its just a simulation by dragging you out of the gorgeous world into reality at every opportunity. We get that when we turn the game off thanks.The direction, acting and story are of course brilliantly done, though with so many side activities to pursue whilest playing through it, my attention wasnt so much on the story, but more on completion of areas and adventuring, thus the story was difficult to follow at times.My only complaints would be the, what seemed like 20 or 30 odd follow missions and timed ones that went against the freedom the game doles out so well. One particular one wants the player to stick to the script so much i thought i was playing Call of Duty  but i dont normally do COD missions over and over like this trying to figure out how the game wants me to play. These are small things though and their frustrations are heavily outweighed by the sheer fun and addictive qualities the game contains with its parkour and combat mechanics, not to mention naval combat, which can be fun, if the outcomes werent so repetitive.For the next game..i want the same, but a more interesting mission and story structure that utilises more locations on the map, NO follow missions, a far better stealth mechanic that doesnt require waiting waiting waiting and finding bushes and stalks to hide in..a crouch option would have been great.Not interested in multiplayer, though it was fun for an hour.