Black Flag is a massive, gorgeous, and fantastic prequel that gives you the freedom to make your own fun.While the story has some potential, the game elements fit in with the storyline as wellThis is not your ordinary ,,ewmygawd ac is soo call of doody now, While playing as Edward, you would get along things such as Treasure hunting, across the West  Indies you would find some maps. that will help you in the gamewith new Elite plans for the ship, and some money.Hunting animals, on every island on the West indies, you would get across some animal that you could either hunt or let it be, but, hunting animals is profitable. Also you could go harpooning sea animals, to get some abstergo challenges, skins for upgrading your character, or just for your money ballance.Assassin contracts, privateer contracts, Templar hunts.Legendary ship battles , Think youre good against those weak ships? why not venture yourself in the corners of the ocean and embrace the challenge that youll get across fighting the armoured Le Dama Negra, The agressive charger El Impoluto, the unbreakable pair, Royal Sovereign  HMS Fearless, and the ghost ship HMS Prince, with rewards of over 20 000 reales on each battle. ,,Are you up for the challenge?  Haytham kenway, assassins creed RogueDiving, using the Bell , you can visit shipwrecks, or bandit nests and get some loot from it.Boarding ships and fighting soldiers like a pirate, ,,Be brave, s i dont know what game was it from but ill put it there because it was funny. Also try not to waste too much time boarding ships, because your crew is weak as let me put this nicely, an innocent babyYou have a quartermaster, hes black, use the right bug and kill him over and over if you wantDiscover secrets about the pirates such as Black beard, James Kidd, and much more. Upgrade your Jackdaw at its maximum upgrades and make it unstoppable.Abstergo is more stupid, because stupid since Vidic died, i dont know, but they let you do basically everything, hack their system, look at random black dudes, and let the assassins Shaun Hastings and Rebecca Crane in there because they were legit and normal workers.tutorials at the end of the game because you were in a animus, and perhaps your brain was damaged.Nice multiplayer, quite trickyAbout storyThis game had such a powerful and sad story. You would fall in love with the characters like Blackbeard or Mary and you see them die, all of Edwards friends except Rackham and Bonnet but it was sad knowing that they are gone. Edward was such a great character and they made him so well. In the memory Everything is permitted... he finally notices what greed can do to the world and that line he gave was very upsetting Yet when I turn around and look at the course Ive run, theres not a man or woman I love left standing beside me This was so sad and it could put a tear in your eye because it was true, he lost all of his loved ones just to find the observatory and that ended up with his friends dying.At the end, you can cry like a little girl you are.