Okay, Ill try to write down my commentary to AC4 comparing it sometimes to AC3 too, remember that it is MINE OWN opinion, so it might vary from yours though I will try to judge fairly. Minor spoilers awaiting!ConceptThe idea of Edward Kenway is... kind of weird. Im not against it, but not on it either. Yes, he might be the one that have some genes in him or anything that makes him being able to do all the assassins feats while being a simple pirate from the beginning and NEVER pass training like previous characters that stuff took Connor some years if I remember correctly. But also youll never see in these games a lot of such people, so why there cant be one? It kind of makes sense though.Also it is original, apparently thought through and looks cool! But still thats a little weird...StorylineMain missions in the game, which I consider as storyline, I found rather short. Yes, I mean that I do not really like that theres too little story missions in the game. But when I finished the story and looked on Steam to see how much time I spent on this  Oh my god  its been about to 211 hours! Total sync was, like, 61 I think did a lot of side activities too, like missions in town, upgrading the ship and character, looting chests and etc. So when I summed it up, it was clear that those hours just flew by  I liked it a lot. But still, I think some measures not to be able to rush down the story would be ok like, making story mission appear only after certain time spent on sideactivities or such, but even better would be making story just longer. I dont really know, but I recall that AC3 had much more main missions, or they were longer. But at the same time, I do like the Storymode overall. Even though it was a too fast adventure, I liked or really liked all the missions except one not gonna spoil it though, because they all are wellmade and arent empty theres a lot of action in every of them. So, I could basically just not rush it down and try to be more patient in the game, basically, theres might be no wrong in the story mode at all.Combat SystemCombat in AC4 was harder than one in AC3. And I really do like it. Back in the previous game, I was soabout how easily you can slash people down, how op counters are and how useless is parry. Now, when the slowmo in counter is gone and you can no longer counter Brutes attack you always dodge em, the combat became far harder. Also the Human Shield mechanic and idea of gunners is also splendid  it made combat actually challenging, but maybe not too much yet if you think about it, why would it be hard combat if you fighting, like, one against ten people? Thatll be too hard. I also still think that parrying is rather useless, unfortunately, but it was buffed and, in vary rare situations, it actually helped me, so its not hopeless. And the thing that I actually missed in this game that is arsenal. AC3 had MUCH more different types of weapons and had more tools, so I was expecting this in AC4, but it didnt come true, sadly. However, new mechanics like, four pistols and darts, as well as new shenbao rope dart are cool. Combat in the seas is even more challenging that the one on earth. It is kinda making no sense that you can aboard one of five ships you fight, and other ones will do nothing, while after that you repair your ship because of boarding and fighting like a god damn vampireshipthingie on other side without this strategy you do not survive grand battles against strong opponents. I dont approve that idea. But in 1v1 fights overall navi combat is nice, though I dont really see use for chain missiles. I also was dissapointed about maximum of infamy your Jackdaw may reach. I really hoped this cap was far higher, so at its peak youll be hunted by legendary hunter or something. Overall, I think that combat system needs some more tweaks, but mostly it is fine and entertaining.Stealth SystemStealth is the great part of AC games, but in this game i found Social Stealthing in the Single Player being freaky and mostly ineffective when stalking zones are overpowered. In Multiplayer, reverse is true haystacks are mostly useless, while social stealthing is too useful. The mechanic that you move with the crowd in MP should have been also in SP, otherwise you need to speed up from time to time to keep up with crowd and it makes already hilarious stealthing even more broken. So, AC4 is rather stealthing game than socialstealthing, as it was used to be. But overall the mechanics became better compared to AC3. It now makes a little more sense  standing in the crowds in AC4 became better by means of animation and thats not too laughable right now by realistic means, and stalking in the wild is keeping up, too AC3 bushes made no sense  you CANT hide in so thin vegetation, but AC4 is almost perfect in these means. The AI of enemies is still lacking and very badly at some points not too buggy but mostly irrealistic, yet overall I think it is on right course.Side activitiesThe Assassins Creed 4 contains a lot of side activities, including harpooning, collecting stuff, side missions and so so on. The first thing I experienced about that  side missions  vary in the game and are a little less exciting than ones in AC3. Still, pretty enjoyable and so they are fun Templar Hunt is like a little story line which I appreciate very much. Fleet, however, is a great failure for me. A minigame? Are you kidding me? This is a FLEET. I really am dissapointed about that, I thought itd be far more epic. However, Diving is also very exciting, but sometimes a little to hard for example, hint about new hostile creature in the seas appeared only after it hit me. Hows that fair?. Still is well made activity. Harpooning is very enjoyable though  you need to charge, to aim harpoon, to counter attacks of the prey by interrupting it and stuff. About collecting... Well... I am not a fun of this type of things yet they did not annoy me too much in AC4. Actually, if youll try to collect them while sailing somewhere you actually would like to sail were passing by, why not stop for a three minutes or so?, they are ok. But the way they are in the world... Its a pain, but the best I can imagine them to be. They are spread in the world, but strangely  seems to be close, yet you need to drop to the island, collect stuff, jump again to the ship, sail to the another location for a little while, repeat. Thats how you collect them. Even if you do it only when its not so hard to do, it still is a painful thing to add into the game  even the chests aint worth picking up by the loot they have inside cargo standing on the ground wont worth a single button pressed for them. That makes collecting stuff for me purely ratingchallenge based activity, where you  ladder up above some people you dont even know. But yeah, those three chests probably will move you upwards on ladder for 1 000 people who do not care about such stuff. Yaaay. Much pride. So wow. However, collecting some things from different sources treasure maps and diving for example gives you plans for your ship to make it stronger or some other huge bonuses, making collecting somehow useful too. So, the side activities mostly do give you some ingame stuff after the story mode, yet it might be boring and also aint endless.I wanted to tell more, but thats limit of symbols. Overall  recommend.