First of all, if you read my rantview of AC3, you know a lot of what I thought was wrong about it.This game basically fixed all of that. Its a much more logical progression of the series than AC3s heres a bunch of halfbaked t that doesnt matter and will be used as a oneoff that we dont ever ing explain. Theres actually a reason to do things, and  holy shitballs  those things are actually ing explained.I know that Ubi has different teams working on AC. This is the A teams game. The B team made AC3, and  me does it show. This game is everything AC3 should have been, plus it has ing shanties. SHANTIES. SHANTIES ALL OVER THE PLACE.Yes, youre a pirate. Yes, you get a ship. Yes, its fun to board other ships, steal them, send them to your fleet, etc. Yes, you get to run around stabbing mens from the rooftop. Yes, theres still a modernday storyline included for no particular reason other than to make you really, really appreciate the REAL game. But shanties are the most important thing in this ing game. There are other things to collect, sure, but SHANTIES. Shanties are to 18th century sailing AND PIRATES what ing shooting things is to video games. Inseparable. Natural. Right. SHANTIES.Seriously, though, the shanties are AWESOME and since you spend so much time sailing around the Caribbean you might as well listen to them. If you dont collect all the shanties you are a bad pirate and I dont like you, but you will also get REALLY ING TIRED of hearing the same handful of shanties over and over again. Collect the shanties both to be the pirateyest pirate that ever pirated things, and to save yourself from hearing Sally Brown about 50,000 times. Shanties.Beyond SHANTIES, theres actually a good game here. Theres hunting, but its not the stupid, unexplained and utterly useless t that it was in AC3. Bonus its optional. You can buy the skins needed if you dont want to sail to bumble nowhere to get two monkey hides for whatever the  upgrade youre looking at, when youre just sitting on a pile of ing money. See, AC3? Thisisnt hard, you ing waste. Now go back in the ing corner so I can continue pretending that you dont ing exist.The ship stuff is pretty awesome. The controls are a refined version of what was in AC3, except now theres actually a ing reason to sail the ing ship, unlike Assassins Creed Seriously, who the  developed this? A room full of syphilitic monkeys? 3. You get a crazy armament, as well. The Jackdaw thats your baby has to be the heaviestarmed brig in the ing world. You get not just your broadsides which can ultimately be upgraded to have 23 guns per side, but also mortars, fire barrels, and a ing ram. Thats right, you can ing ram s and then rock out like its the 3rd century BC. By games end, your little ship is taking out ing fullsized warships that quite literally dwarf you as if its no big deal. Such is the power of the shanty. Did I mention you can make it pretty? You can make it pretty. Then you can ram s some more, while being pretty.The only real downside to the ship game is that eventually most of the challenge goes out of it. You can throw money at most of the ship upgrades, but the uppertier ones are all locked behind a need to find plans scattered throughout the world. Some are found in buried treasure chests  because what would a pirate game be without buried treasure  while some come from exploring sunken wrecks. The wreck stuff is, honestly, kind of tedious and occasionally annoying.  sharks, thats all Im going to say. Its not impossible, and its not outright bad coughAC3huntingcough, but theres not a hell of a lot to it. The only real variation in the sunken stuff is that you occasionally find a smugglers cove and then you have to Batman the  out of the bad men in there, because you dont have your full armament. That stuff is pretty cool.Anyway, back to the ship. Once you gather enough cash, resources cloth/wood/metal, gained primarily from capturing prizes on the open waves, and plans, your little ship becomes an unstoppable juggernaut that  all over every ship on the sea regardless of size or apparent strength. The one exception to this is the legendary ships, which are firmly optional. They offer big rewards, but by the time youre strong enough to actually take them on the rewards are utterly meaningless. They exist primarily for bragging rights, and you have to approach each with a particular strategy, so at least theres more depth to them than the standard poop out doom at the ship until you can board it, then repeat nature of the naval game later on.As a quick aside, its really ing weird that when you stop to board a ship every other hostile ship just stops attacking you and sort of stands by to watch. Understandable from a gameplay standpoint, but still very odd doubly so when you realize that you can cripple a ship, wait until youre severely damaged, run back to the crippled ship to board and capture her and then use her to repair your ship back to fighting shape WHILE IN THE MIDDLE OF A BATTLE. Its strange and unrealistic, but Ill give it to them because, hey, at least its not AC3 no, Im not going to stop  on AC3  ever.The story is what it is. I wont spoil anything, other than to say that the protagonist is actually enjoyable and not a huge ing whiny, irrational and wooden  that anyone with a ing brain wouldve simply dragged out back and shot in the ing face to save the human race from having to deal with him. Edward is awesome, although his character development, if you dont pay attention to the dates, can seem really oddly paced. Edward is a pirates pirate. Even the way that he gets involved with the Assassins is awesome, and the completely unnecessary and stupid hourslong intro of AC3 is nowhere to be found. You get some short backstory, then its PIRATE TIME with PIRATEY PIRATE THE PIRATE as your protagonist. He even ends up seeming human and rational, if selfcentered. Dudes a pirate.All in all, definitely worth your time.Incidentally, the first real DLC, Freedom Cry, is also pretty damned good. Not exactly the longest thing, but you get to play as Kenways quatermaster read first mate, Adewale, and he uses a ing machete while running about stabbing men. A machete. Theres a kill animation where he hacks it into a mans knee and then LEAVES IT THERE while he punches him in the face. So yeah, worth it if you like the main game, but not terribly long which is probably a good thing, to be honest.