ShortestGo play Sid Meiers Pirates.In shortYou sail your ship, fight with other ships with cannons, board the ships and fight in a TPS mode with swords, land on islands and in town, where you again control yourself and do repetitive, boring missions, you hunt wild animals to create holsters for pistols and armor upgrades, you manage your fleet and send them on mission via a panel but you cannot actually see the ships nor change your flagship  you cannot control that beautiful frigate, no, you are stuck with your brig for the entire duration of the game. When you fast travel, your ship might turn upside down and you might have to start the whole game anew. Dozens of problems like this one below.MY EXPERIENCEAh. Another AC. Well, I never liked the watereddown console mechanics... Hm, pirates should be interesting. Alright, lets download it at discount.Ah, another Steam inside a Steam. Uplay. Brilliant. Just what I need.Main menu... Jaysus, what console t for .Alright, a fight... ah, stranded on an island. Ok. Some of the  overthetop parkour in a jungle... sigh. Moving on. Oh, first fight. Some more fighting. Typical AC te  mash your left mouse button more  so than in Diablo, and you should be off. Sigh. Oh, Jaysus, you can ONLY dual wield swords. Akimbo cutlasses. Jaysus. This game was obviously made for VERY stupid 10yearolds.Ah, got me own bluddy ship. Finally something interesting  oh, no, back to the future. The pirating part of the game, which consists about 95 of the gameplay, is a presented as a game within a game the remaining 5  is set in the present time, where you work in a big, bad company and you enter the memories of your ancestors via Animus, a computer simulation. The company presumably makes video games, but actually wants to uncover secrets from the past through said memories, get super rich and dominate the world. Blah blah blah conspiracy conspiracy conspiracyNO, I DONT WANT TO HEAR THAT T, JUST LET ME BE A PIRATE!Back to the game, finally. LETS PLUNDAH, MATEYS halt, a stealth mission.Ah, this is a stealth mission like 592 others in the game, but this time, I am not allowed to kill anyone, else the mission fails. Aye, I somehow sense they are good guys, so I should just knock out them. More sneaky sneaky jungle parkour Oh, a Mayan temple with insane, stupid parkour, how interesting. Oh, here come the Redcoats. Oh, kill a company of redcoats. Oh, free the good guys. Oh, the good guys tell me to feck off despite saving their skins. Oh, the stupidity.ALRIGHT, SAIL THE SEAS AND  THE MAIN QUEST! I AM A PIRATE!A frigate! Man the cannons! Oh, its right near the zone to enter the next story mission. Nevermind, I wont press the button. Dodge! Brace! Fire! Ram! Driveby broadside! Repeat! Amusing 3 minutes.After a hard battle, the frigate is in flames and I have to board it in order to capture the cargo and either send it to my invisible fleet, dismantle it to repair my ship, or release the crew to lower my wanted level. I press and hold the button for boarding, but my ship moves 5 meters forward and I enter the mission start zone. The functionality of the S key switches from board ship to begin mission. The mission begins, and I lose the ship. Ragequit. Stupid console te.Play again.I capture several ships, tons of cargo, thousands of gold pieces.That is not enough to buy a pair of good swords. Seriously?! Game developers should work on this generally. If you plunder 5 ships, sell 100 tons of rum and sugar, and you dont have enough money to buy several more cannons for your ship... If the plunder from a ing Royal convoy frigate, obviously bound for its home nation and carrying immense wealth for the king, is not enough to buy a ing pair of highergrade swords, what are we talking about?! You should be able to buy 10 000 ing swords with loot of THAT kind... Stupid, stupid, stupid.Ah... another tail them mission... IT IS LOGICAL, I KNOW where the enemy commander of this island lives  in the biggest ing house, on the hill overlooking the town, guarded by a platoon of soldiers! I dont have to tail this officer to his ing house and remain undetected as I listen to his regular passwordthemed conversations with guards as well as regular guard tting about life, the price of beer, and  sanitation. Quit.Uninstally thisand install Sid Meiers Pirates. IT IS BETTER.ProsWhen you kill a couple of whales and crocodiles or whatever it was yes, ONLY specific animal skins can be used for various items and craft two more holsters, it is cool to wield 4 pistols.Boarding was fun for the first 3 times.Sailing and listening to how your crew sings shanties like modern military cadences.Capturing forts... for the first 3 times.ConsThe unrealistic, overthetop parkour. Seriously, what is too much is too much.The repetitivness of all kinds of missions.The inability to control multiple ships like in Sid Meiers Pirates. Seriously, Ubisoft, learn from a decadeold game.The inability to amass more than 4050ish or whatever was the maximum of crewmen and tactically control them in fort battles, etc... like in Sid Meiers Pirates.The inability to choose your ing flaghsip... like in Sid Meiers Pirates. If I want to sail a galleon, Ill sail a galleon if I want to sail a sloop, Ill sail a sloop  no, you have the same ship the entire game. Bravo.The entire world conspiracy te is getting really boring at this point.I dont want the main game to be a game within a game. I want to be a pirate.The ancient Mayan and Astec temples exploration would have been interesting without all the parkour.More, less important...Only dualwielding swords. Come on... Seriously?The inability to remove the ing pipe blowgun from your shoulder. I cant look like a serious pirate with thatacross my back...The inability to pick up the musket, or the warhammer, or grenades... etc. to use them permanently as weapons. 