When I played Assassins Creed 3 I said to myself, I hope they make a whole game centered around this amazing naval combat . When Black Flag was announced my excitement and anticipation was highly optimistic. After playing Black Flag I can honestly say its by far my favorite Assassins Creed title, and quite possibly the best game of the entire series.Ubisoft has hit every nail squarely with their design decisions for AC4, starting with a new badass main character that rivals the charm, toughness, and intriguing story of the Ezio era. The Connor character from AC3 was likable in few ways compared to Kenway.The naval system and combat was improved and given a much larger focus in AC4, as to be expected in a game about pirates. The vast scale of the map will blow you away the first time you zoom out to find your location, and realize how large this open world is. Once I took to the seas I immediately found myself unable to stop playing. The atmosphere is amazing. Storm clouds rolling, whales jumping, ships sailing and battling each other, all while your crew sings the most catchy shanties that will have you singing along. I seriously loved just casually sailing looking for collectables while listening to my crew sing.Speaking of collectables they introduced a perfect pirates tie in for collection quests in the form of actual treasure maps. The maps would give you a general coordinate to search, but to find the treasure youll have to study the map and your surroundings looking for landmarks to find the X that marks the spot. Other collectables included animus fragments, sea shanties lyrics, messages in bottles, and money chests. These arent hidden collectables, but they are scattered all over the open world and add more story for those completion fans.Now, it wouldnt be an AC game without assassination missions. While the games best moments occur on the seas, its by no means saying the assassin parts are bad. They are quite excellent. Granted the games combat mechanics have not changed or evolved much since its inception, but thats not a bad thing entirely. They simply want to stick with what works, and are not trying to reinvent the wheel of the AC franchise. The assassin segments do a great job of adding variety to the environments spanning huge Caribbean cities,  jungle villages, island fishing towns, and underwater caves.The one definitive thing about Black Flag is youll never be without something cool to see or do. I didnt even mention multiplayer yet, which is still the same solid game its been since Revelations. My only complaint about Black Flag was they couldnt give a us Pirate Ship multiplayer battle mode.All I can say is, I hope they make a whole multiplayer game centered around this amazing naval combat 