A Pirates life for me...The Assassins Creed series hasnt changed much since its HolyWar debut back in 2007.Ubisofts signature blend of parkour/stealth gameplay, framed by a compelling and often Kojimaesque metanarrative is a formula which has never needed much improvement. But each addition to the series has built on its predecessor, adding interesting new mechanics and hooks Im looking at you, Revelations to help keep things fresh.Black Flag places you in the recently liberated boots of Captain Edward Kenway a rough round the edges, loveable rogue with a quick wit and one thing on his mind. Treasure. And whist Templar conspiracies and secret wars with assassins are rife in the vast Caribbean ocean, Kenways only interested in such affairs for as long as theyre profitable. To that end, Black Flag positively encourages exploration and adventure to the point where the main story quickly becomes a secondary concern. Which isnt to say its not worth playing through. In fact, Black Flags main narrative is arguably one of the strongest in the franchise. The overall tone is light and humorous certainly in comparison to the sombre, questforrevenge that was ACIII, and theres not a single character amongst the myriad cast of famousnamed swashbucklers that doesnt feel fleshedout and well characterised.The game also offers an overwhelming number of side activities to indulge in and keep you occupied. Many weve already seen in previous Creeds, but some welcome, themed additions to the roster include whaling, diving, hunting for Mayan treasure and battling with the Caribbeans  4 Legendary enemy ships. But trust me when I say leave fighting them until your endgame.The huge world map is revealed incrementally as you travel from island to island, and large sections are filled in with the successful takeovers of heavily guarded forts. These effectively act as synchronisation points for the overworld map highlighting nearby towns, islands and explorable shipwrecks, as well as a plethora of other pirate collectables. And its well worth taking to time to collect them. Building materials and plans are needed to upgrade and customise the Jackdaw. And youll need plenty of Reyals to kit Kenway out with new gear if you want to stand a chance late in the game.Youll soon find however, that some of Black Flags most enjoyable moments come from travelling between the Caribbeans various points of interest. Naval combat has been refined and perfected from its role as a sidequest in ACIII, and now features the ability to board and takeover enemy ships.The feeling of broadsiding a British manowar in the middle of a typhoon, before swinging onto the deck and wreaking havoc with a bandolier full of flintlocks, is one thats seriously hard to beat. Throw in a heroic, Hollywoodesque score composed by Iron Man 3s, Brian Tyler, and youve got an experience as close to being in a Pirates of the Caribbean film as you could ever hope for.Even out of combat the sounds of the ocean, distant cannonfire and seashanties chorused by the Jackdaws crew, make for a scenic and atmospheric ride. Although your ships ability to magically vacuum up any floating loot and sailors that drift by, does little for the immersion. Of course, the games various glitches and bugs dont help much either. All too often your highprofile freerun controls will send you jumping sideways onto a path you didnt necessarily want to go down, and A.I musketeers have an unerring ability to hit you even when youre behind cover. But these are minor issues in an engine thats otherwise seriously impressive.In short, Assassins creed Black Flag is a tremendous technical achievement and arguably the best in the series to date. Stunning visuals, impressive sound design and fastpaced, freeflow combat make for an engaging and immersive experience. Upgrading the Jackdaw and Kenway, adds a satisfying RPG element and theres some excellent scope for customisation. The story is well paced and quick to get going, although certain mission types soon start to feel repetitive. But if and when you get bored, theres always something else to do. Whether thats hunting elusive white whales to craft Kenways next costume, or trying to unearth buried treasure with only a handscrawled map for direction the important thing is that you have the freedom to choose. And surely thats what being pirates all about.Well that and treasure.Yo Ho! 