Such a beautiful, fun and immersive world held back by the gameplay and story. First, I have to say that this game runs terribly, regardless of the graphical settings. Checking the frame rate while running the game, going from absolute highest settings to absolute lowest gives a bonus of only four or five fps, with intensive moments like large naval battles still slogging along in almost slideshowlike quality. This isnt anything wrong with my system, I far, far exceed even recommended hardware requirements, the game simply runs poorly. Quickly googling the Digital Foundry analysis will show that this is not something unique to myself or the other reviewers criticizing the performance, this game is simply running on a poorlydesigned, horribly outdated engine, an issue only compounded by the rushjob optimization that clearly took place on pc, with consoles given higher priority than the pc version ah Ubisoft, its almost like throwing thousands of employees from studios around the world in twoyear development cycles to meet annual release schedules doesnt make for the highest quality software, or something like that. Thats not to say the console version, which I also own, runs any better. The ps4 edition, which Digital Foundry says runs the best, still slogs along anytime something intense happens a leap of faith, naval combat, etc., but the lower quality textures, minimal AA and reduced field of view on the consoles makes for less stuttering in general, so when you casually walk through a crowded street its less likely to stutter. So if someone doesnt yet know how the game performs and actually reads this very late review, be warned that the console version, though inferior in several ways, sadly performs more smoothly than the pc version, regardless of hardware capabilities.The story is boring, every time I got shoehorned into yet another Follow Person X mission so the game can progress the story I felt like shooting myself in the face. Even worse is the painfully uninsteresting modern day story, but I wont speak too much about that since some people may honestly want to follow the story for these games. Just know its not good. The boring story and outdated game design included to tell this story brings up my other point, the low quality gameplay. Dont get me wrong, the naval combat is amazing and I absolutely love fighting monster ships, boarding them and then using my illgotten cargo to further upgrade my own ship. The naval aspect does of course get monotonous, anytime one sole aspect of a game is supposed to carry the gameplay youre going to get bored at some point, but all in all its incredibly fun. The land missions, however, are where the game falls into the exact same traps as every other game in the series. Five years ago, when AC 2 came out and revolutionized the series, the uninspired combat, unresponsive and muddy controls, and the general lack of variety in things to do were overshadowed by the scale of the world, the unexpected quality of the story and the overabundance of sidequests to keep you running from rooftop to rooftop when you felt you needed a break from the story. I think everyone will agree that this is something Ubisoft does right, they continue to absolutely jam their games full of extra content. The issue is that they havent yet found a way to do anything different with these diversions, in fact theyve actually moved backwards in some regards. The big new addition, the hunting sidequests clearly taken from Far Cry 3, has been watered down to be more kidfriendly, negatively affecting the enjoyment of it. Theres no real danger aside from harpooning hilariously oversized sharks that can sink your little rowboat, theres no weight to your killing of the animals clearly an attempt to avert criticism in a game that doesnt gear towards the Far Cry 3 demographic, and it begins to suffer from the seriess tediousness when you begin chasing after animals only to get too close to a climbable object and have your character suddenly climb it despite the object being off at a sharp angle and your character facing away from it, with your control input being in the direction away from the object and towards the animal.The game is so incredibly buggy, unpolished and downright frustrating to play, especially when they force you into a mission where you must remain undetected and you must not kill anyone, that I feel like Id only recommend it to someone who knows exactly what theyre getting into, and even then Id recommend it only at a steep discount. After the terrible abortion of a game that is Freedom Cry, I swore Id never give Ubisoft my money again. Then, during a trade, the only thing to bring the trade to parity is, of course, another Ubisoft game, so here I am playing this game when I swore not to. I just cant, in good conscience, recommend this game to someone looking for casual fun, or even a longtime fan of the series, at anything more than ten dollars, and even then its a bit of a stretch in my opinion. Theres so many other, good games to play for cheaper that the idea of supporting Ubisofts terrible approach to game design and general business philosophy just seems kind of ludicrous to me. I know its en vogue to hate on the Big Three AAA developers Ubi, Activision, and EA and that is most certainly something I dont participate in, but if Ubisoft hasnt shown me they arent worthy of their asking price then I must be blind. Even in such a lazy, iterative series, this game stands out to me for its stark contrasts. The games beauty marred by its poor performance, the games fun naval aspects marred by its terribly outdated land sequences and unresponsive controls, and the games highly interesting setting completely decimated by uninspired characters and an incredibly disinteresting plot.So tldr I say no, avoid this if you dont already have it. The game just isnt worth it. The ps4 version runs smoother but still suffers stuttering and slowdown, and the graphics wont be as nice as on pc. If you absolutely must own this game, wait until Unity and Rogue come out and theres a nice sale on the game for less than ten bucks. Its just not worth more.As an aside, if anyone actually reads this and has the game, if youre getting an issue where the screen freezes when you get near naval forts but the hud continues to work so you can steer your ship away from the naval fort using the hud to unfreeze your screen, apparently turning ON volumetric fog fixes this for some unknown reason. As someone who spends a lot of his free time writing code for fun, Id love to see whats going on in the minds of the senior developers when they build an AC game. Some of the design decisions are just incredibly bad. 