SPOILER   FREE  REVIEW ! ! ! !Well its the same old assassins creed but the difference is that this is the best assassins creed since brotherhood back in 2010. Ok so i like to get the problems out of the way first so lets get started. First of my first problem with the game is that the  free runing is still very glitchey and is still very much an issue but it is still not as bad as it was in assassins creed 3 wich means that they improved it and you can tell that when you play. And my second problem with the game is the god dam desynch system i hate it how the game holds your hand far to much on things like evesdropping and tailing i also ing hate how if you look away from your target for like a second you get a god dam timer dand you can fail the mission and have to restart from the poorly thought out checkpoint system so if you die you start MILES away from were you were.Luckily the checkpoint system isnt that much of a problem but for the wrong reasons the game is FAR to easy i can literally just kill a ton of enemies without dying at all which makes no sense im an assassin i should stick to the shadows and i should have trouble in open fights.Ok so on to the good things about the game i am pleased to say that assassins creed 4 gets alot right and very little wrong.First of the navel combat in the game is AMAZING it just adds so many new things that you can do such as boarding ships and adding them to you pirate fleet or you can just sink it and take all the lot that is left.Also you can upgrade you ship with money that you get from takeing over other ships its a wonderful cycle of board a shiptake all itsand board another shipand take all its. Also the character of Edward Kenway is SOOOOOOOOOO much more interesting than Conner. And the story oh my god the story is the best 3rd person open world story i have played since....wait for it Red Dead Redemption it is just so amazing to see Edward struggle through his early to middle life loseing all of his friends and much like Red Dead Redemption how its the end of an era for the old west here its the end of the age of pirates you will meet many historical figures i wont spoil all of them for you but i will say that black beard is in the game and he isnt just a character thats shoehorned in like washington in assassins creed 3 he actually has a personality and you actually care about blackbeard and the other characters. Ubisoft hasnt captured this since brotherhood in my opinion. And just overall the games ending is just bso satisfying to see how it all wraped up and i just Fuing loved it and i before i played this i wasnt even considering buying assassins creed unity but after this im expecting the best from Ubisoft and i cant wait to get my hands on unity.For me Assassins Creed IV Black Flag gets a 9/10