Before we begin, I would like to give my scoresActual game 7/10Ideal game 8.5/10Why? Well because this ING GAME HARD CRASHED 6 TIMES IN 22 HOURS. Seriously, that must be some kind of ing record. And this isnt launch day. This is 4 years after launch. But the reason it still got a 7 is because despite this, I still mostly like the game and have so far played 22 hours of it over 3 days.Now for the actual game. So... mostly the core aspects of the game, so fighting, assassinating, freerunning and ship battles are fun and enjoyable. However, they all have some flaws. Firstly, sometimes combat can be unresponsive and not parry/block attacks from enemies, even while not doing anything else and just standing still. Secondly, assassinating is mostly fine, though sometimes Edward will simply refuse to assassinate a guard and thus alert the others which can be annoying, but if you play a bit safer this shouldnt occur too often I played extremely aggressive assassin btw. Thirdly, freerunning, as in pretty much every other game that contains it can be extremely frustrating, when Edward decides that he cant get up a wall that I had gone up literally 1 minute ago, but overall its fun and enjoyable. Lastly, the ship combat. Now, I probably had the most problems with ship combat out of all these categories, but less with than level design. So, first of all, this is minor spoilers but the game is 4 years old so honestly, I dont care. But anyway, a little while into the game you gain access to what is called Kenways Fleet, whereby now once you have boarded a ship you can send that ship into your fleet, where it can do jobs for you which earn you money and take progressively longer as they give you bigger and better rewards. Now, another thing that you can do in this game is attack forts to take control over a set region. Now often times the higher level forts also have minifleets protecting them which you will have to defeat to take the fort. And here is the question this also applies to Royal Convoys and Legendary Ships IF I HAVE AN ENTIRE ING FLEET AT MY DISPOSAL WITH HIGH LEVEL FRIGATES AND BRIGS, WHY THE  DONT I USE THIS FLEET TO HELP ME DEFEAT HIGHER LEVEL ENEMIES? No, instead I have to grind to upgrade my ship so that I can singlehandedly take down a ing armada. Other than that though and how sometimes turning takes way longer than normal in ship battles even though the wind is blowing in the direction i want to turn, ship combat and ship controls are nice and honestly, Ive always really wanted a game that just let me sail around the sea in a ship.Now, this is the last point Ill make, cos this review is long enough as it is, but the level design in this game can be awful. Firstly, in every eavesdrop/tail mission, there are basically only two viable routes that you can take to tail your target. Etiher go on the ground on a set path, or go on the rooftops on a set path. Cos if you deviate from that just a ing pixel, then some random  on the other side of the road will just so happen to turn around and alert everybody to your So these can be quite linear, but other than that most of the missions are quite well designed and fun to play except the instant failure stealth missions.