After 41 hours of playing this game, I reached the end.I must say, after playing through this game I did not only feel empty what do I do with my life now? lol but also sad. I played all previous assassins creeds and this one is different. Not just the graphics, the story and protagonist have changed but also the way you play this game in and the kind of character the protagonist has. First of all you will play primarily on the sea. There also is land, but the sea is so much more open and in my opinion a lot better than in assassins creed 3.The things that make sailing so amazing are seafights, songs personal favorite Drunken Sailor, that special feeling of sinking your first Man o War and much more. Youll see thing English Royal Navy fighting against Spanish ships, huge seabattles will unfold and you will be enemy and plunderer of all. Youll capture seafortresses which will after capture not only stop attacking you but also start to attack british and spanish ships.The story was, once again, amazing. You start as Edward Kenway yes you heard it right, KENWAY, a pirate that cares for nothing and no one and left his wife in Britain to make some money as a privateer. Instead he stays as a pirate. You will meet the likes of blackbeard and Kidd. Along the story Kenway turns into a man with honour and a moral code, a true assassin.I have nothing bad too say about this game. In this 41 hours of gameplay no notable errors occured, except for that one time that a ship spawned on me and I could not escape under it, which was fixed easily by leaving the animus and reentering. My system definetely is not the newest 4 GB RAM, a not so new graphics card etc., but for most of the timne the game ran between 50 and 60 fps Ive had some drops to 30 fps though, even some to 12, but that was so short that it didnt really matter or F up the gameplayI bought this game for under 10 during the steamsale with the freedom cry dlc. This game was definetly worth it for that price. Id advise anyone who reads this to wait for a sale before buying this. Assassins creed games are on sale quite often every year.my first review on steam