I like the game but there are 3 big issues i have with it.1. The game uses the same combat style as ac3 which i hated and thought was a major step backwards from the ezio games. The ai, the animations, everything just looks so cheap and unpolished compared to the ezio trilogy which i thought was so smooth, this games combat feels so clunky just like ac3s /. They also made the combat even more easier then the other games which i thought wasnt even possible. Its boring because there is no challenge at all anymore. There is no point in being stealthy in the game if you can kill a whole army without  any problems. At least in the other games they make it game over when you get caught trying to kill a target so you have incentive to be sneaky. This is not a stealth game, you are not an assassin, you are a superhuman pirate. Keep that in mind before you start playing this.2. Too many tailing missions in the main story. Nobody likes tailing missions and you do it at least 10 times during the story. It got old in the previous games when you did it 2 or 3 times but this game just takes it to a whole other level, there is even ship tailing...3. The story is not very interesting. Im not even gonna talk about the whole abstergo part it shouldnt have been in the game at all, they should have just told edwards story from start to finish without interuptions.  Edward is a cool character and he has a good arc from start to finish, the supporting characters are interesting too. Problem is the things edward does in the story is not interesting at all imo and it mostly feels like filler throughout the whole game. The story has cool moments and the ending is great. But there are so many uninteresting moments that drag on for hours between those cool moments that i became bored in a lot of the parts during the game.The reason why i went on in detail about this is because everyone is saying that this is the best assassins creed after ac2 and i believed the hype before i played it but i was left dissapointed. I still think its a good game the naval combat is awesome, the open world is great, edward is a cool protagonist and they nailed the pirate feel however I like all 3 ezio games and even the first ac game more then this one. At least its better then ac3.7/10 Good