Probably not as good as AC2, but better then AC3. Ships are great and world is really open and feels smooth. Sure there are some loading screens when you enter a big cities or big locations, but it does not spoil the feeling of one big world. One of the downsides is real life. Spoiler free this game protagonist is you. Basically its always first person view, your real life character speaks no words, while everyone are talking to you. Feels kinda dumb. Some characters you encounter during the gameplay are recognizable, but after playing this game, I havent cared about half of characters I encountered. They are not remarkable by any mean. Story is decent. What I enjoyed the most was collectibles in real life audiotapes and stuff. Spirit of assassins is weak in this game as it was in 3rd part. It is more about pirates then any assassin/templar stuff. The downside is Edwards new fighting animations. Basically two swords fit him, yes. But UBI removed Tomohawk axe and knife combos as well as usage of one sword. Even though removal of Tomahawk is reasonable, they had no need to remove the other two. Sure, you can still pick up a sword from a dead enemy, but eventually Edward will throw it away. Compared to other game series fighting animations look not as rich as they were before and maybe even a bit boring.In real life there are some huge mistakes with story , this time spoilers!!! !SPOILER ALLERT!!!! Desmonds assassin friends are working for Abstergo and stealing their intel, while Abstergo literally has their photos from Desmonds mobile phone. The Sage, a man, who is constantly reborn as the same human being, who never changed his looks, same mustache, same face who was hunted by tampliers for decades, works in abstergo as well, and !wow! noone recognized him, ever. !!! !SPOILER ALLERT!!! !About actual gameplay fighting is not as enjoyable as it should be. If you are lazy, you can use 4 pistols to kill 4 men in couple of seconds. Or you can drop a smoke bomb and literally kill anyone around you with just one click per enemy in next 1015 seconds. While caring 10 smoke bombs all the time, the fighting gets dull. Climbing around is sort of glitchy. I dont remember if I had these problems in previous Asscreed games, but in this one I often got stuck in the objects, while Edward refused to move in any direction. Collectibles in boxes are annoying as well. Each time I tried to open it, Edward had a new goal in his life  to climb on the chest and sit on the top. Ship battles are as fun as they were in part three, sadly because to heavy use of smoke effects I had poor fps during most of ship battles.Side note Key features said Become Edward Kenway, a charismatic yet brutal pirate captain, trained by Assassins. And this never happened. 