Okay just to start off, this game requires Uplay. I know thats an issue for some people so take that as you will.Anyway more imprtantly to the game itself and i was quite happy to find theres been an improvement over the last couple of AC games particularly the awful AC3.In this game you play Edward Kenway whos a pirate in the Carribbean and it makes for a great setting and experience. Edward is the best lead character since Ezio and is a likeable guy with plenty of personality. The games setting is fantastic as well with loads of beautiful tropical environments with the oppurunity to sail around the Carribbean and explore. Youve got Havana,Nassau and Kingston as your 3 main cities though these are a bit dissappointing particularly Nassau and Kingston as they are pretty unimpressive compared to some of the great cities of the older games.As for the gameplay its also improved. All the pirate stuff you can do like attack and board ships and sail around looking for treasure is a lot of fun. The assassin stuff almost feels boring in comparision. There is also a lot of follow missions in this game as ive always hated these missions the most in AC games and this one is littered with them. That said there still is a lot to do and explore and you will get your moneys worth from this game.Surprisingly the music in this game is probably one of the best parts of this game. As you sail your crew will sing sea shanties which is brilliant and really gives it that pirate atmosphere. Ive found myself humming the tunes after playing. You can also collect more shanties which will be unlocked for your crew to sing.The Good Great interesting protaganist in Edward Kenway and a few more interesting characters as well All the pirate activities are a lot of fun. The Carribbean looks great in this game and youve a big area to travel and explore in.The music in this game is brilliant.The BadThe story isnt particularly interesting and a bit hard to follow at times The assassin stuff is pretty boring and theres way too many follow missionsControls still feel awkward and fiddly at timesGame can be fairly buggy at timesOverall this is a step in the right direction again for the AC series and probably my favourite since AC2. It gets an 8/10 from me. 