I am 3 hours into this game at the time of writing, and I just had to say that I think Ubisoft have really turned the series around with this instalment. I feel like they really listened to the criticism of the previous two games, particularly AC3, which I spent 30 hours in and had much less fun with than I have with this one so far! This is the best AC experience Ive had since AC2, and I feel like it might even turn out to be the best of the series full stop.The pirate setting is wonderful. The gameplay so far really takes me back to the endless hours of fun I used to have with Sid Meiers Pirates! I can definitely see myself losing a ton of hours to simply sailing around the sea, boarding other ships, building up booty and exploring islands.One thing that I really love so far is that the game is infused with a wonderfully selfeffacing humour. Suddenly were playing from the perspective of an Abstergo employee, and Ubisoft makes itself the butt of jokes constantly. If you read the historical notes on buildings, there are really funny notes and comments added in from Abstergo employees, joking about how the consumer wont notice historical inaccuracies etc. The humour goes further than that I laughed when one of my optional challenges was to air assassinate an ocelot. There are a lot of nice little details so far that have really made the world of Black Flag a pleasure to explore.The optional challenges relating to storyline missions are now actually doable without replaying them 10 times. I simply gave up on trying to get 100 synch on AC3 because it felt like a chore and the requirements were often counterintuitive. Here, the optional challenges always make sense.For the first time in the AC series, the menu system finally feels like it was actually designed for a PC instead of lazily ported from a console, so if like me you prefer a mouse and keyboard, you no longer feel like you are disabled.I will almost certainly update this review once Ive put in a bunch more hours, but from what Ive seen so far I have to say Ubisoft has really done something great here! 