I spent about 40 hours playing this game. Gameplay wise, its great. The gameplay is the same engine as AC3. Edward Kenway controls the same as Haytham  Connor Kenway. The ship traveling is the same mechanic but improved greatly. Sailing island to island, ship combat, boarding an enemy ship  plundering all their loot is a lot of fun  something I did probably over 50 times.The gameplay is perfect, no complaints here. I wouldnt spend 40 hours if the gameplay was flawed.The big part of every AC game is the story, and I have kind of mixed feelings about the story here. On one hand, its a great story with great characters that takes place in the Assassins Creed universe, but the whole assassins vs templars thing isnt necessarily the main plot going on. All of the supporting characters are interesting, but I have these complaints with it1 The main villain of the story is barely seen only a few times through out the entire game, we really dont get to know much about him which is a major contrast to how well we got to know previous AC villains, especially the villains in AC3 which we knew quite well, only Revelations had a villain we knew less about.2 For that matter, pretty much all of the antagonists dont really get much screen time. While some characters become good guys  others become bad guys, very little time is devoted to developing any of the other characters that arent one of the main 5 or so characters.3 The motive is kind of hard to understand. It starts out simple I want booty, gotta get rich or die trying and it progresses into something more complicated, but it skips a lot of steps that explain why Edward has a change of heart and develops into a more mature character.At one point in the end of the game, one of the villains makes a comment that hes lost everyone in his life thanks to him  the other villains, but thats not true. He was already divorced/separated from his wife before the game started. A few of his friends died or betrayed him, but it wasnt necessarily due to anything the villains or Edward did. It was the villain taking credit for what wasnt his to take credit for. At some points, Edward shows that he cares about people in his life and at other points, acts like nobody matters to him but himself.And Im trying to not spoil anything, but come on AC games always have plot twists and characters dying.Having gotten these flaws out of the way, its still a very fun game. Im actually curious where theyre going with the modern day 2013 storyline again, where as the 2012 storyline in AC3 was pretty boring. Ubisoft has said theyve thought of an ending that will be final  ultimate, but I have a feeling theyre going to keep milking out yearly AC titles until the cash cow runs dry, ala Call of Duty. At any rate, AC Unity looks pretty damn good, Ill be getting it probably around Christmas.Final verdict 8.4/10  Better than AC1  AC3, but the Ezio trilogy still reigns supreme. 