Assassins Creed IV Black Flag is the second installment in what serves as the Kenway trilogy in the overall franchise the first being ACIII of course. We, the player, step into the shoes of Edward Kenway  Connors grandpappy and Haythams daddy for those keeping score.And yes, as I am sure youve already heard  it IS very much a game about pirates! Although, why that should be a bad thing is beyond me. I actually found it rather refreshing to step into the shoes of a protagonist not born into the life of an Assassin for once. Not to mention the gameplay mechanics were already there, having already introduced naval combat in III  they simply took what people responded to the most and expanded upon it.Combat has been further finetuned, with enemies now being faster and more agressive Edward, however, is a dualwielding swashbuckler with as many as four pistols on his person and has little trouble dealing with such things. A new tool   the nativeinspired blowgun  has been introduced as an amalgamation of both poisons and the bow from past games, in that it serves as a silent ranged killer and offers two forms of poisoned sleep and berserk darts to use. The ropedart and throwing knives also make a comeback. As do smoke bombs.Naval combat and exploration, as mentioned above, serve as the primary focus of nonstory related gameplay and have been expanded upon vastly since the last game. The basic controls are about the same, although steering your ship and aiming its canons are much smoother now. Likewise, the Jackdaw Edwards ship is far more cutomizable and upgradable than the Aquila ever was in III. There is also a new boarding mechanic, which allows you to scuttle ships once scuttled you have several options  from salvaging its materials to repair the Jackdaw to ransoming the crew off in exchange for lowering your bounty to recruting them into the fold and making them a part of your own fleet.Speaking of fleets, the new metagame  which always revolved around sending recruited Asssassins out to run missions around the globe  allows you to send out ships from your fleet to secure trade routes via combat and run trade missions for cash and other goodies. There is also a pretty nifty app availale for tablets and smartphones that will sync with your Ubisoft account and let you setup and run these missions from outside the game!A lot of small things from past games that were missing from III have made a welcome comeback. These include, but are by no means limited to the ability to hire groups working girls to blend with or a small gang of rowdy thugs to protect you and start fights with anyone who looks at you funny, pigeon coops paid contracts, various tools and weapons mentioned above, and more.A similar collection mechanic to the roaming Almanac pages in the last game has been added to the game youre still chasing a glowing piece of magic paper through the air  generally across rooftops or other ridiculous locations  only this time youre chasing down new sea shanties for your crew to learn. Trust me when I say that these sea shanties are friggin epic! Another new collectible, tied to a puzzle mechanic involving Eagle Eye vision, is a set of Mayan relics which unlock a pretty sweet Mayan inspired armored Assassin robe. There are also Animus fragments to collect and  of course  treasure chests. Hunting also makes a comeback, with a new crafting system to compliment it.You can raid and conquer naval forts. You can track and plunder all manner of ships on the open seas. You can man the take to the rowboat and take part in harpoon challenges, wherein you will attempt to catch and kill a wide variety of sharks and whales. You can pillage storehouses and sack plantations. In short, there is very little this game leaves out if youre looking to get youre pirate fix on.Oh and the story is pretty fantastic, too. Sure, there IS plenty of piratey goodness all over the place, but the story  as always  ultimately comes down to the Assassins and Templars and their centuriesold struggle.So. Yeah. Do yourself a favor and get this one as soon as youre able  if youre a fan of the series, of course. Hell, even if youre just looking for a good current gen pirate game go ahead and pick this up you certainly will NOT be disappointed! Either way... enjoy!