I know Im a little late for the review boat on this game, but I figured this would be a good place to write my first review. The game focuses on one of the best mechanics of Assassins Creed 3 ship to ship combat. This has its ups and downs but Ill touch on these later. Black flag, and the Assassins Creed series has a lot of one button freerunning and combat issues persisting from previous games, but also looks very smooth and fluid. The story and design follow an inverted relationship of quality, where one dips, the other picks up the slack. The large open world is unique to the Assassins creed games and is quite fun to explore on your ship, the Jackdaw.The Jackdaw is your main transport throughout the game as well as what you will use to fight the most. The gamefeels while sailing through the Caribbean is amazing. The shanties are catchy, the gentle rocking of the boat and the sound of cannon shots in the distance add a great chorus to the voices of your crew. While on the Jackdaw, you feel powerful and in control. The combat is very fun and quick. You will soon lose yourself in maneuvering behind many different types of ships to give them an aft full of heavy shot. The boarding actions however, are where the quality begins to dip. You are able to take positions behind your swivel cannons and shoot a sometimesworkingblastradius at your enemies. As you run out of ammo and are forced to pull your four pistols, the iffy targeting sometimes nails the enemy, and sometimes just refuses to work. By the time you are on the ship, Kenway is obviously tired and just refuses to put up his swords, hidden blades, dukes, or whatever and will suffer many swords and axes to the spine and/or torso. When you actually get him to fight, he will often go off on his own and attack the least strategic enemy. Good luck getting the instantkill on the heavy guards when Kenway chooses to limp wrist the agile ones!The free running of Black Flag is actually pretty smooth, MOST of the time you will be climbing to where you want however, the trees and temple hitboxes seem to confuse the engine and just cause Kenway to plummet to the earth after a valiant jump, leading to a facefull of invisible wall. Just as with Assassins creed 3, the rifle and pistol combat seems to confuse the AI and cause the autotargetting to bug out. The different types of enemies are pretty bland with the break defense command and the instant back stab being their only weakness. Kenway also has, as mentioned before, an infuriating tendency to switch targets after using the defense break, making the follow up almost impossible. The game focuses much more on sentry enemies, giving them a ridiculous line of sight, and Guerrilla Warfare accuracywhich can be pretty dangerous when you are climbing a mast. Luckily the line of site issue can be circumnavigated by killing anybody who even looks like they might have a gun.The story and level design baffled me. The story at the beginning of the game was quite bland, though for once since AC 2, the protagonist seemed to have a legitimate, though infantile reason for doing what he does. This, however, shaped up and I found that after the midway point I was more engaged in Kenways larceny and felt a sense of pride at his growth by endgame. The design took a different turn. The beginning of the game was a struggle to actually get to a target and finish him while doing it stealthily, I found that I had to think about the paths I took and I thoroughly enjoyed the sense of accomplishment at seeing a well thought out plan come together. This diminished by the 75 completed mark when things began to feel rushed. Assassinations were no longer difficult, and several targets would be killed in the span of an hour.All together, I would recommend this game to any previous Assassins Creed fan, but would certainly NOT say that this is past some of the niggly annoying glitches of Assassins creed 3. If you are looking for a perfect game that is filled with more love than money, Id recommend looking somewhere else. But if you are looking to have a good 8090 hours of glitzy fun and a relatively engaging story, look no further, take to the seas and prepare to fly your Black Flag. 