Assassins Creed IV Black Flag is probably one of my personal favorites when looking at the franchise as a whole. It is incredibly immersive and really gives you a glimpse into some basic pirate culture of the early 1700s. The reason this game was one of my favorites was because it played quite differently to the other AC games. Naval combat was enjoyable and never got boring or repetitive no matter how many times you did it. It was a great addition to the game as it allowed the player to sail freely around a large carribean ocean to various islands, forts, and ancient ruins in search of treasure. Upgrades to the ship were rewarding and never felt overpowered, while they did not take a terribly long time to achieve either. There wasnt a feeling that you had to grind for hours upon end to achieve a single upgrade that gives you a minor improvement. It was well balanced in my opinion and was nice to see your ship grow as the story progressed on.In actual gameplay mechanics and performance it was great overall. Being an Assassins Creed game, it is mainly stealth based and did quite a good job at fulfilling that goal. The stealth system in this game is much improved over past AC games such as II, Brotherhood, and Revelations. It is not nearly as clunky and feels much faster and refined for a better gameplay experience. Graphic wise, Black Flag looks amazing, which is mainly due to the next gen effects such as torrential rain, sun glares, and vastly improved water reflections. I have to say, getting into a naval battle in the middle of a huge sea storm is spectacular, while also a bit tense, and probably one of the coolest things I have ever seen in a game. It is hard not to admire the scenery at times, no matter what it may be, ranging from lush and living jungles teeming with wildlife, to traversing the oceans and exploring the landscape. The only drawback to these features is that they are very taxing on performance and require a fairly good machine.Overall, I thought this game to be a brilliant addition to the franchise, and a solid game overall with very few arguments against it. I would highly recommend this game and it is a must have for any Assassins Creed fan. 