TLDRfreerunning systembeautiful open worldoccasionally interesting charactersnearly broken combat systemmediocre settingextreme similarity to any ac game everThis game is probably my second favorite AC game obviously after AC 2 which might make you wonder why I would not recommend it. Well, unless you are a hardcore fan of the series or the pirate genre I really see no point why you should get this game instead of AC 2. My main problem is that upon entering this game you will either discover a new cool game idea  if you never played any AC  or you feel like you are doing exactly the same thing over and over that you already did in any other game of the series.However, the graphics are beautiful and detailed while the game still delivers a solid 3565 fps on my middle class gaming laptop. This is certainly a nice aspect, but in my opinion gameplay, characters and story are much more important in a game than how it looks.Gameplay wise I love one part of AC and hate another. The freerunning is done really nicely and is by far the most exciting way of motion I have seen in an action role playing game for a long time. However, the combat system is really really boring. from the moment you enter the game you are basically unbeatable, because of the infinite blocking and countering mechanic. This system basically ensures that even if twenty enemies surround you there is no challenge in grinding yourself through all these opponents and not loosing any health. This takes away a lot of the fun, particularly since there is no incentive to play stealthy no moral system or anything.This brings me to another important point, story and characters. I did enjoy a few of the characters, which is largely thanks to a pretty well written situational dialogue and decent voice acting. However, the story is nothing really great and doesnt pull you in. This together with the pirate setting, which I personally think is not the greatest and used currently by way too many rpg developers makes the game a fun experience for an hour or two, but also bores you if you stay much longer. This is particularly true if you already played any AC game.gistIf you are thinking about trying out the AC universe for the first time, go with AC 2 over this game. If you know other AC titles and think that this one is very different  its not so consider leaving it on the shelf. If you are a graphics enthusiast with an aptitude for piracy and arent interesting in a challenging comabt system, well this game is for you! 