This is my first time I played an AC game and it sure is different from the ones Ive played Neverwinter Nights, KOTOR, FF series, RTS games, etc. I dont know about those that have been following the series for many years, and I can only compare it to my experience with Splinter Cell 2002, Fable, and Skyrim, but I find that AC4BF is an addictive and fun game, overall.What I liked Im one of the lucky ones to have the game work, and so far have not lost any saved games to uPlay like a lot of the users who gave negative reviews. Please, dont let my mentioning it jinxthis! Graphics looks nice and Im okay with running it in 50FPS while sailing, 30FPS in towns and ship battles, 20FPS when boarding ships using an R7 250 card, 24 BenQ Gaming monitor. Assassinations. unlike in GTA, you can only kill your targets and the guards please refrain from killing civilians and your crew Sailing your own ship and naval battles. When youve upgraded your ship, ram that enemy ship and hear the satisfying crunch of wood, reminds me of an NFS police chase experience at sea, though Im the one doing the chasing. D The pirate songs. Got them from iTunes. Underwater exploration. Being able to climb mostly anything with a handhold and go up, up, up, then jump off in a Leap of Faith. Kenways Fleet and the Companion App.What I didnt like Storyline. I mean, come on, thats it? Spoiler Everyone you care about dies, or leaves you. Thanks a lot. Spend five hours in Kenways POV  still feel great. Spend five minutes in players real world POV  wanna throw up. Motion sickness? Somehow I ended up INSIDE and STUCK in an enemy ships cargo hold after diving to escape the battle several times than I care to count. Needed to reload. Clunky gameplay. Got caught by guards numerous times just because Kenway keeps running into walls that cant be climbed got surrounded by guards and Kenway cant decide who to hit first got surrounded by guards and Kenway unleashes a flurry of sword combos on a guard then finishes combo on a completely DIFFERENT guard thanks, you stupid camera. No toggle button for crouching, you have to be in Stalking Zones to be able to crouch. Everything becomes repetitive when played too long and too often. Find, chase, kill fire cannons, board, loot  rinse  repeat. I recommend playing every other day for two to three hours, tops.Every game has its flaws, and AC4BF has its own, but I would still recommend it to others!