I cannot even begin to stress how much I regret purchasing this game. I probably would not have minded it so much if it hadnt made me install something called Uplay before I could even begin to play it. I use the word play in the loosest possible sense here, because this utterly useless program did nothing but slow my system down. Uplay turned out to be an entirely superfluous shell program think of it in terms of a SECOND Steam launcher, running on top of the first! whose only purpose seemed to be to launch the program, only to then run itslowly!  For reference, I run two overclocked SLId GTX 980s on an i7 4790K with 16 GB RAM, and the gamehardly managed to scrape by averaging 50 FPS with all settings maxed! Yep, that sure is slow, all right!Whats more, Uplay also slowed downSteam games while I had it installed, even though these games did not evenUplay, and the program appeared not to even start while running them! Shadow of Mordor ran in a molasseslike 55 FPS when I had it installed. The second I uninstalled Uplay and rebooted my system, however, the game immediately returned to its original FPS, which is something in the vicinity of 7580 FPS! This makes me believe Uplay is probably running in the background somehow, intruding on the framerate, even though it appears to terminate when closed normally. Sneaky, and entirely untrustworthy!Uplay also refused to save many of the changes I made. I repeatedly set AC4s ingame menu language setting to English, as the Swedish menus Swedish being my native tongue were so incredibly poorly written think machinetranslated so as to make them almost wholly unreadable. Still, the game refused to acknowledge my change to the menu language and merrily returned the menu language to Swedish EACH AND EVERY TIME I started it!The only way to temporarily disable this linguistic malfunction turned out to be to set the menu language to English and then immediately let the game reboot itself. This way, when it does reboot, it will be in English. However, once you start the game again, your native language will again return, complete with horrendous machinetranslation! I tried preciselyto avert this, including changing my system language, Steam launcher language and Uplay language settings, but nothing worked! Now imagine doing this, over and over again, for, rebooting your system numerous times as you go along! I even tried using RegEdit, but nothing helped! AAARRRGGHHH!!As for the game itself, it did show potential, but utterly blew it by the horrible launcher. I only got as far as Havanna before I noped out of this mess, and even then the game was lagging horribly see above. The ingame sailing system did show promise, but the fighting system was overwhelmingly stupid since the enemies just repeated the same few moves over and over again, without any variation. I was disappointed in the treasure hunting system, as treasure chests lurked around pretty much every street corner, and in every nook and cranny. Also, there are way more than 4 pages in the Voynich manuscript! I might still have overlooked all these things, however, and just kept playing, if Uplay hadnt turned out to be the horror that it did.Imagine a parasite that intrudes on your system and which requires you to allow it to suck you dry before undertaking any kind of activity. However, by this point, the parasite has weakened you so much that you can no longer enjoy anything because you are too weak and are no longer able to move as quick as you once did. This is Uplay, an entirely superflous launcher whose only purpose is to intrude in your system and slow you down. You are better off installing the nearest malware instead, as it will probably hurt your system less than this piece of garbage. Never again.I have removed Uplay from my system. This also required me to remove ACIV, however, I consider this tradeoff to be entirely reasonable, since I am now able to play the rest of my games normally again, without any lag. I greatly regret wasting 20 Euros on this game, and strongly urge you  the reader  not to do the same.Do yourself a favour and buy another game instead. Trust me, youll thank me for it. As for me, I only hope my system is back to full functionality, and that there arent still any uninstalled traces of Uplay lurking around!