This review along with other reviews from the steam community can also be found at the new groupAssassins Creed 4  Black Flag restored a little fate in the Assassins Creed line after the spoiler for the Assassins Creed 3and the horrible character of Ratonhnhakton a.k.a. Connor. But our newest unknown main character a research assistant for abstergo entertainment seems to have some unknown potential. But enough about him our true main character Edward Kenway a man who wanted to hold the world hostage and take what was owed to him or so he thought and became a pirate and lived by the pirate code and unwittingly lived by the iconic assassins code Nothing is true everything is permitted. Edward does start off a little lackluster and takes you awhile to get into his character and the many flaws he does have. spoilerThe story was strong in spots and weak in others and felt a little jumpy from certain missions to the next mission. Towards the end of the game they mentioned its been six years and you are like wow really. One of the downsides of the game is how Ubisofts loves adding those treasure chest and the run after an item like almanac sheets in the third and now music sheets and animus fragments. I personally am bored with because all the games have had something along these lines but the plus side no feathers in this game. Same way with the fighting mechanics you basically just spam the same  button combinations over and over eventually I would like to see a combo fighting style installed in the games to keep it fresh. The open world/sea was a amazing you will spend hours raiding ships. Till the awe factor wears off and I mean hours because it was fantastic and the world was so huge. If you didnt have the fast travel it would take you days over exaggeration to get from one location to another. The naval part was one of the prizewinning features of this video game it was grand. Legendary ship battles will have you shouting for joy once you defeat these monstrous ships. Now the other downside to Assassins Creed Black Flag was the every so often how you would find the hole in the world and just free falling to your death. The climb your ship from the sea and just fall through and be stuck or the gaming loading and you and your crew fall in a big empty ocean where your ship should be. And the occasional graphic glitch where you need to exit the game completely and start again. These were more annoying then anything on just how random they were. All and all AC4 Black Flag was a excellent game and as a huge fan of the series I do recommend this game even though the gameplay and style hasnt changed much since brotherhood. 