In this game you play a gamer who is working for a company called Abstergo. There you are playing a game about Pirates and your actions and footage are captured. All the while you are covertly researching the company you are working for.Black Flag is easily the 2nd or third best AC game Ive played so far and arguably one of the finest Piracy games around.The game really reaches its climax once you have upgraded the Jack Daw, but the real, sad finale is walking around Abstergo  looking for post it notes and hacking computers. I know right?The main negatives Ship boarding becomes repetitive and dull.  It should only be necessary for ships with larger crews, smaller ships should automatically lay down their weapons. Shanty chasing Abstergo sequences and collection is dull and oddly they are first person.SurprisesUnexpectedly I was delighted by some of the dreamier sequences in the game. I dont expect such things in open world titles, but to drive home the emotional impact of the events on a character they are a delightful way of doing it.The iOS app helps to deal with the otherwise super repetitive cash grind game. But the final destinations have returns times that are more than a day. To be honest I had not unlocked all destinations before finishing the game and had to keep playing the app for a week to get one more lousy Abstergo achievement.The Freedom Cry game that came with this I have given half a chance to. Sadly, it is so far the worst of the AC games I have played. Im an explorer player and I spent a lot of time walk around the world and completing what seemed like were side activities Freeing slaves etc  only to have much of that progress lost when I was spotted in a yellow circle for the main mission. Ive never rage quit an AC game for progression reasons before, but I did with that.Aveline, on the other hand is easily within the top 3 AC games. I was kinda hoping this would be the same with Freedom Cry. Im sure there is a good game in there, but Im not going back to it for a while.