Assassins Creed. Very... interesting series for me to talk out. They start releasing a game a year on main gen consoles and PC since 2009, hell, they released two back in 2014, Unity and Rogue, and I guess they do it this year again. Heck, they could be releasing even more a year. What I am saying, ladies and gentlemen, is that this game makes Call of Duty jealous from the ridiculous releases each year. So, to quell our possible uprisings, Ubisoft decided to say, We are sorry to hear that you are unsatisfied. Would you like an awesome pirate adventure? The unanimous answer to that was, ...well now we do! Assassins Creed IV Black Flag, which is not the fourth game but I would go nuts for counting up what game it actually is probably, is ing awesome without a doubt, and is probably the best of the franchise, though Ive only played this game twice, half of 3 and part of 2. Not very much, yeah, but this game is awesome. Want to know why? Of course you do, or else you wouldnt be reading this. So lets get into it, shall we?STORY Your name is Edward Kenway. Actually, youre some guy who works at a video game development place that uses Desmond Miless DNA to both make games and, but most of you only give aabout the pirate, so Ill tell you about the pirate. You go to the Carribean to try and make money to support you and your wife back in England. After you kill an assassin, you decide to impersonate him and go to a meeting in Havana, where it turns out that the Templars plan to find a place called the Observatory. Edward, seeing a way to make money, decides to try to go after it. He is then imprisoned, but breaks free and takes a ship and a crew that are willing to go after the observatory with him as long as they get paid. You are thrown unwillingly between the duel for power between the Assassins and the Templars as well, which is interesting to see how this plays out. The story is interesting, I was engrossed enough, there were a couple neat twists throughout the whole story. The ending was sweet, Im glad I made it to the end. Oh yeah, and that DNA playing thing was good I guess. Overall great.GAMEPLAY Sameas the last coupleCreed games. You run around, have a lot of gadgets, you can do parkour. Stealth gameplay is fine, but I feel like sometimes it is kind of unfair, though it might just be because I suck. Combat is great, feels fairly satisfying. The parkour stuff is fine. Ship combat is ing amazing as well, I love fighting on ships. Just remember, play with a gamepad. Keyboard controls are kind of bad.GRAPHICS AND PERFORMANCE Game looks damn good. Water looks very nice, environments are nice, kind of the same jungley areas for the most part, but still nice. This game takes a lot for it to run, however, so you might want to hold off on this unless you have a PC that can handle it. My rig could barely run it even. But if you have a good PC, it wont matter.CHARACTERS AND VOICE ACTING Edward Kenway is a good character. Its kind of interesting seeing him evolve from a man who only does something for a paycheck to a loyal member of the Assassins spoiler? meh, probably not. You come across some notable members of pirate history, including Blackbeard, Black Bart, and some more guys who I probably could recognize if I paid attention better in social studies the day we went over these names. If this was a review of AC3 I could tell you every single ing name in that game, I bet. xD You dont really have any notable members of your crew with the exception of Adewale, a slave who helps you escape your prison and take over your ship and becomes your First Mate. Hes awesome as well. Not really any bad voice acting Id say, character design is decent, so I cant really complain.SIDE ACTIVITIES Land activities are simple. You can go on assassin missions where you have to take a guy out, you can help other Assassins out in order to find keys to a safe, you can raid storehouses, you can use your eagle vision to find Mayan keystones, you can syncronize points to reveal bits of the map, or you can just go around and look for collectibles. Seawise you can attack and conquer forts, which reveal parts of the map, you can go harpooning sea animals for crafting purposes, you can go on naval contracts that are essentially assassin missions but on a boat, and you can, of course, attack and plunder ships like a true pirate. You can also go underwater with assistance of a diving bell and explore underwater wrecks. Decent amount of variety with these, I think I might miss one or two but you get the idea. Nice amount of stuff to do.FINAL VERDICT Nice place to start off in theCreed saga. Any game that doesnt have Desmond Miles in it only gets points to me. 9/10, definately worth picking up sometime soon.