First and foremost, let me simply say this is by far the best Assassins Creed game Ive played, and perhaps one of the best games Ive ever played.The most obvious thing it has going on for itself is its refinement. Not to say it is a game that should be played with a cup of tea while exchanging pleasanteries about the dire condition of the human race, but refined is really what defines this game. It is the cumulation of many years of experimentation with multiple Assassins Creed games into one refined episode.Not only is the usual parkour gameplay still as fun to play around with as it ever was, but it is now enriched with a thrilling pirate exploration inherited straight from AC III, as well as a certain amount of much improved mechanics from this latter game hunting, I am looking straight at you.Altogether, this would already make for a pretty damn great AC game. Who doesnt just want to take a ships wheel and roam the seas to explore and plunder, right? Who doesnt just love neat parkour mechanics in a beautiful carribean landscape?Yet that is only scratching the surface of what AC Black Flag has to offer. For where AC trully shines is its storytelling. While by essence the AC storytelling is very compelling and addictive, with its inventive reexploration of historical events and figures mixed with a characterdriven plot and modern scifi elements, I never really found that any single game really stood out for having a very wellwritten and especially memorable story of its own. Sure, Ezio had an interesting storyarch, but it altogether felt too clich, too good guy driven by revenge for it to really be memorable. Even Connor was interesting, but too calm and yet brutal to be really appealing.Yet here, with Edward Kenway, it feels like Ubisoft finally found the ideal character to tell its story throughwhich is highly ironic, considering he is the first main character to be mostly very uninterested in the Assassins cause. But maybe that is his true strength. Edward Kenway is a man whose goals are simple, yet understandableriches, love...and who will do what it takes to achieve the,. He is daring, and for once truly charming, not simply sold to you as a charming boy like Ezio was early on. Perhaps it is because he is a true bad boynot simply a good looking italian nobility boythat his path to understanding and redemption is all the more touching. His story, rich in highs and lows, will surely not leave you unmoved and thats also largely due to the array of brilliant side characters, far more interesting than in any game. As the story goes on, youll be surprised to find that you genuinely care for them. And then the emotional rollercoaster will go on as the story unfolds, and successes are followed by betrayals and losses.All in all, this Black Flag is a masterpiece, not just in gameplay, but also in storytelling. The best entry in the Assassins Creed series, and definitely a game worth playing, whether you are familiar with the series or not.Pirate on! 