With just under 67 hours, I completed this game at a leisurely pace. The game boasts freeroam and leaves you to choose when to start the next main mission, much like in GTA.Ive sporadically alternated between the main missions, secondary missions and other tasks/activities such as just boarding vessels for resources or searching for special loot  wont spoil.Ive gotta be honest and say that it was gifted to me. Thanks, buddy!Knowing Ubisoft, and whatever I knew about the entire series as I followed it through the year  never having played it, I wouldnt have bought it myself.It is a very obvious casual console game. The controls are dredging awful with keyboard and mouse. You can tell theres too much delay and sluggishness, which would make sense if youre using joysticks on a gamepad.Character ends up often falling to his neardeath because he simply opts to go in an entirely different direction than what I feel he should go to.All gameplay is tedious, repetitive, not original nor innovative and there is zero challenge. As far as difficulty goes, I didnt bother finding if it had any difficulty settings, but it reeks of artificial difficulty. Meaning, changing the difficulty only changes superficial stuff like own/enemy health, damage  resistance and the likes. Perhaps even increase trivial things like the amount of currency X and Y that you need to collect for a specific upgrade.Thus, not increasing actual difficulty. The challenge stays the same, it would just become more tedious.Not that I can think of an adventure game that implemented proper difficulty settings. Im not writing a review to competitively compare it to other games, that would be daft.I feel the main story is, well, what you would expect from Ubisoft, or console games in general.Its all straight forward, predictable, easygoing, simplistic muck. There are zero choices to make, for nothing has consequences.Heck, even if you die at any point, youll just magically reappear at a very recent checkpoint. You wont lose anything either, except for time spent. I guess they covered that lazyup with the backstory to the series in that youre always playing some sort of simulation.The underlying main story of the series is really lacking. Its even more boring and tedious. Theres a ton of stuff you can read for some background lore, I guess. I read some of it, but was appalled by the quality, so I stopped caring at some point.This part of the games story doesnt end in the game, but I guess thats because thats a story thats being spun out over multiple games in the series.Adversarial multiplayer is a joke and the coop stuff is agitating as hellhound dung to the eyes, dont touch it with a 10 foot barge pole.If you happen to see this game for like, 5, and youre feeling like having something to play thatll give you constant successes, with an easygoing storyline, then this piece of entertainment might suit you. As with a lot of games, treat it as an interactive novel with limited space to interact.EDIT Its pretty buggy, as well. Ive got some screenshots that should be public thatll showcase how my ship usually spawns in like it rises from the seafloor, only to collide with any landmass that gets in the way. 