Assassins Creed IV Black Flag is a refreshing take on the Assassins Creed series almost its own genre now.No longer are you an assassin from the get go. No longer are you hunting templars from the get go. No, this story pulls you in gradually, making you care more for its characters than its overarching plotlines. And thats not a bad thing. In fact, its the characters that will leave the most lasting impression on you in this game. Well, that, and blowing the heck out of the British navy, but meh... thats just fun for a few times, right?Wrong. The gameplay in this game is, dare I say, wild, ambitious, intense, adventorous, and risky. Yes, risky. There was never a gaurantee that ship based naval combat would work in a series like Assassins Creed, but Ubisoft flexed their muscles on this one. Not only does it work, its plain fun. Sailing the seas and riding the waves is peaceful, but its the cataclysmic storms that blow in your way whilst youre engaged with a Spanish frigate that really spices things up. Things like using waves as cover, and trying to time your shots just right so you maximize damage and unload with your swivel guns. Its damn intense. And no, it doesnt get old fast. After the 30th ship, its still fun. Damn fun again.Pumping that action and exploring along is a score that, again, might be the best in the series. Nothing has made me feel more like a pirate up to no good since Zimmers classic campaigning themes from the Pirates of the Carribean films. Ill just say... music is suppose to enhance the experience this score does that. Therefore it succeeds.I dont want to go into nitty gritty details about the story, but I will say there is no one story. It starts off making you think its that simple, but as it goes on, things crumble, loved ones die, priorities shift, and Edward changes. Its a great progression, and one Id enjoy seeing more from this series. Edward is extremely likeable. Even when plundering and scavenging. Even when being the badass pirate he is, theres a lot to like about this man whos simply looking for an easy life. Albeit, one that cannot be obtained easily. And that quest for riches and a quiet peaceful living soon take a turn when hes caught up in much larger affairs.There are a few errors for all its glory, though indeed they are few. Some graphical glitches here and there, including the occasional pop in textures. The modern day story line succeeds in really doing nothing but pulling you away from the story you actually care about. Theres also some AI bugs that could use some attention. The graphics in general, while beautiful on the seas, begin to show their age on land. That, likely, being the outcome of it being a cross gen title and not running on a pure next gen optimized engine something well have to wait for Unity to bring.All in all, this is a great one. The best in the series, I would say. Definitely the best since the second, which seems to be most peoples favorite. But for me the bombastic score, adventurous theme, intense naval battles, and superior character writing to anything Ubisoft has put out so far in the franchise, puts this entry a wave above the rest.Assassins Creed IV Black Flag sails in high at a score of 8.9