Well, thats much better, guys. Ubisoft redeemed itself with this after the horible failure that was AC 3. It looks like they managed to iron out many of the problems that were in AC3. This title runs better After some tweaking of the settings, has many more graphics options for setting up your own personal optimal performance and visual balance. They are a bit confusing compared to most graphical options thanks to Nvidia optimizing the game, but when you figure out what they all are and their impact on performance, you can quite easily set it up to run the way you want it.A tip for other AMD users like myself, disable V sync in game, and use Radeon Pro for your V sync. Create a profile in it, set V sync to always on in the tweaks tab, set triple buffering on, and enter your monitors refresh rate in the box next to the triple buffering check box. Make sure Radeon Pro is running in the backround so the profile is applied. This lifted the annoying 30 FPS cap in cities, allowing for variable FPS up to a max of 60, and got rid of screen tearing. Ubis V sync is the main issue with AMD cards in this title Thanks, Nvidia. After doing this I was able to crank almost everything up to max including environment detail with a minimum of 35 smooth FPS on the busiest of streets and most dense of forests. I am using an R9 280X.On to the gameplay. This game was genuinely fun to play. It seemed a little too easy at times, but at least it was not frusterating like AC 3 was. The sailing is awesome, and the controls were revamped from the awkward ones in AC 3. It doesnt annoy the hell out of me like AC 3 did. The fighting controls work much better as do the free running controls. Just much better all around. Upgraded weapons actually increase your effectivness in combat unlike AC 3, you can craft useful items once again, you can make money more effectively, and the list of improvements go on. The characters are also much more interesting and likable. The story is interesting and makes you actually want to complete the game, much like AC 2 through Revelations were. Very good game, definitely recommended!