Previously Ive not been impressed with the Assassins Creed series much at all. I tolerated the first one, begun to dislike the series in AC2 and was throroughly unimpressed with AC3. However, AC4 Black Flag is one of my favorite games of 2013.This has lots to do with the setting Piracy on the Spanish Main during the 18th century, one of my favorite subjects. AC4 is like Sid Meiers Pirates! brought to the modern audience Sailing and shiptoship combat is extremely fun with many additional activities such as harpoon fishing and diving for sunken treasure thrown in.On land the game adheres to the Assassins Creed formula, with semifluid climbing mechanics, viewpoint synchronizations, and the usual stalking/assassination gameplay complete with the patented hidden blades. It works, but feels a bit hollow to a person whose idea of what a stealth game should be is based on the Thief series.The lowpoint of the game, as it has always been with AC, is the entirely unnecessary and downright ridiculous modern day framing device with virtual realities, DNA memory and other far more demented plot twists. I cant fathom why the designers would want to purposefully break the immersion they work so hard to establish, but they do and insist on doing it time and again.Jumps in and out of the Animus a virtual reality thingmajig for you AC neophytes serve as a neat excuse to jump around the timeline and cherrypick interesting historical events to reference, but it also disjoints the narrative and makes you feel more and more like an observer than an actual person whose actions have any signifigance. It also dilutes the potential story of the game into just a string of missions to be completed. Im not interested in the insane Templars vs. Assassins plotline, I want a good pirate story!Anyhow, assuming you can ignore the overarching storyline, youll find a very entertaining pirate game underneath. The atmosphere is great especially during sailing, with waves beating your ship, the crew singing sea shanties, and whales breaching nearby while a thunderstorm looms on the horizon. At times like those, I wished Ubisoft had just dropped the assassin crap altogether and just made an honesttogoodness pirate simulator. 