I found myself being drawn towards this game even though I havent touched the last 2 or 3 releases in the Assassins Creed series, something about pirates and booty I suppose.So you guys like the ship battles in AC3? WELL GUESS WHAT, NOW ITS A WHOLE ING GAME WITH SHIPS AND BATTLES!, said Ubisoft when designing this game. To which I dont really have too many qualms, I like exploring and there are plenty of little nooks and crannies to look into this time around. Unfortunately these little nooks and crannies dont really add much except a few hours of useless searching around perhaps at the end of the game.The combat has changed since I last played, I dont hate it in Black Flag, but it doesnt feel as fluid as I remember it feeling in AC2. I like the choice of weapons but I miss the dagger from the earlier games that has somehow not found its way into this iteration. Ship battles are fun, and seem to maintain a decent amount of their initial fun factor, its always exciting to see your hooks latch to the other ship while you pull it towards your eager crew.The story is written well enough with a few surprises here and there, some predictable, some not as much. The dialoque is pretty well done play with subtitles it helps understand some small things you may miss. The story to me seemed like it tried to be more convoluted than itself at certain times. I think it could have been a bit more concise at times, and at certain times I would want more depth or explanation.OH YEAH, I ALMOST FORGOT THE ABSOLUTE WORST PART OF THIS GAME!... TAILING PEOPLE!I dont know what made Ubisoft think tailing people and listening in on conversations is fun, but it becomes a huge pain in thewhen 95 of the time they walk through a minefield of guards that are nearly impossible to pass without being noticed. Their autosaves also suck really bad at these times. Youll tail someone for 5 minutes and then get caught accidentally, well guess what, YOU GET TO TAIL THEM ALL OVER AGAIN, ISNT IT FUN!! !no, no it isnt Ubisoft..I was going to give it a lower score than I did just for the  tailing, but the addicting sea shanties cancelled out the negative.7/10  It didnt really knock my socks off, but its definitely deserving of a once through at the very least...Something something pirate booty 