Get this game! The only flaw with the game itself is theres virtually no replayability  multiplayer sucks, hovever, the singleplayers story, graphics,  music alone make Black Flag one of the best games Ive ever played. I got the digital gold edition, and in my opinion, its worth the 60 price tag. I would highly recommend this to anyone who considers themself a gamer. The graphics are amazing. I have no complaints. Possibly the best soundtrack Ive ever heard. Theres one song in the soundtrack called The British Empire and I was tearing up when I heard it. Look it up on youtube and youll hear what I mean. I loved the story. It kept me interested  engaged till the very end. The ship combat is amazing, intense, and exciting. Some people have said the melee combat is too easy or overpowered. I would agree its much easier than other games, but make no mistake, you will die if youre not careful. I like the approach Ubisoft took with Black Flag and Rouge, having the assassins be these highly trained death machines who can fight anyone. The assassins remind me of the Jedi from Star Wars in that reguard, and I like that much more than the realistic combat Ubisoft put in AC Unity. Once youve played through the missions, side missions, and captured all the forts, theres nothing really interesting to do. Irecommend you do the side missions and capture the forts as you go through the story, rather than waiting till the storys over. It will keep you interested in the gamelonger. I thought I should mention this because Black Flag has one of the best companion apps Ive ever seen. You can mark stuff on your in game map in real time and make money in the game, with ships you captured in the game, when youre not playing the game. If youve got a smart phone, get the companion app. Its free too! Ive played AC3, AC4BF, AC Rouge, and AC Unity. Black Flag is the best out of them all. AC Rouge is a close second though since it uses the same engine and gameplay mechanics.Im giving this game awith multiplayer  replayability being my only issues with it. Heck, they arent really issues considering singleplayer mode is so amazing! I got the AC Black Flag Digital Gold Edition, and in my opinion, its worth its 60 price tag, especially since it includes all of the dlc  the Freedom Cry campaign. If you like games with good stories, graphics, and music, theres no reason why you shouldnt buy this game. I highy recommend it. 