Assasins creed black flag is the shot of steroids in the arm the franshise needed. The pirate themed story and the protagonist are a bit of a departrure from the standard good guy assasins. But i was imidiatly hooked by the rougish charms of Edward Kenway I loved the historc story.  On the other hand the future plot i had a bt of trouble getting into due to the sluggish controle you kinda have to get used to. On the other hand in the end i wanted to explore the entire abstergo building to find all the lore which i had fun with and at some points even had a laugh at because it kinda felt like at some point the devs stuck their devnotes in. All this lore and the bigness of the historisc open world combined with the amount of stuff to do and find in the game it dos show the production value on display. the graphics are good and the gameplay is basicly the same as AC 3. I am so ing done with the missions where you have to follow people you know youll kill at some point in the game any way so just let me stab the er and find out the information that the following and evesdropping gives me in different ways. Maybe add a few times where you do things like stealing letters or dare i say sitting on a banch and listening to a conversation. I know this will not win me any friends but i think id be good if they mixed it up some more. The shipcombat form 3 returns and is better then in AC 3. The beauty of the ship upgrade system is that i found myself trying to find a lot more of the money chests then i ever did because most of it went into my ship. I believe this is a great way to make the chests matter.  boarding ships is fun becase it just all feels very pirate like. The open world is pritty cool because you sail around exploring all kinds of islands eventhough once completed you never come back where there is a possible treasure you have to dig up using a treasure map that looks like id be made by a pirate. They introduce this early on this makes the game feel really piraty.  My problem with some of the mechanics is that they can be accessed before they are taught in the story. I am the kind of person that enjoys running around the open world and completing random task for relaxation after a long day. This meant i had cleared all the forts before i got to the how to do forts tutorial in the story. The same happened with the myan stones and the asssasins contracts. dispite these nitpicks i had this game kept me more then entertained for 122 hours. counting Freedom cry I loved this game.