So, Im only at about 65 synchronization completion, basically in Black Flag, but I feel its time I wrote a review, because this is really a great game. Before this game I dont think I had even touched an Assassins Creed game, though I of course knew of the franchise and had seen bits of it on Youtube, or at my sisters and such.But, a few months back, I was at my sisters one day when she was playing Black Flag. I was talking with her and her husband about something while she played, kind of keeping one eye on the game. And her ship suddenly starts unloading cannonfire onto a nearby sailing ship. The other ship starts falling to pieces, splinters of wood flying about, explosions, sails getting rent, as it receives more and more damage. I watch, enthralled, for a minute or two. Then, the enemy ship heavily damaged, my sisters ship pulls alongside its prey her crew throws grappling hooks over, and within seconds, the two ships lie abreast one another, and she and her crew begin jumping to the other ship, battling against their crew with cutlasses, sabers and old flintlock pistols. Well, suffice to say that I was quite hooked.Then about a month ago I watched my sisters house while she and her family took a trip to Oregon, and I spent most of my time there playing Black Flag. And let me tell you, it was as good as it looked. Oh, I had some disappointments. Ship damage isnt as granular as I thought once an enemy ship reaches certain damage thresholds, certain specific parts fall off. And other stuff like that. But its still a really fantastic game.Mostly, theres a huge and exciting environment to explore. Sail around the Caribbean in your pirate ship in c. 1715, raiding Spanish and British merchants and warships. Discover islands where you can find interesting artifacts, pick up some quests, make money and get upgrades for your ship, raid plantation warehouses, and bombard fortresses with mortar fire before capturing them. Admire beautiful vistas, like taking in a multihued sunset from a tower of a captured fortress. Or make your way through a massive fogbank. Or, most incredible of all, try to keep your ship intact as you make your way through stormsand not just any storms, mind you. Sometimes the storms youll enounter, out on the miles and miles of ocean expanse, will have mountainous waves and water spouts. The winds, the rains, the waves, the sounds of disasters about to strike, may make for some of the most heartpumping excitement youve ever had in a game. But unfortunately, the stakes are actually lower than it might seem, as even if you die, you dont really lose anything but a little time.A little later in the game, you can start actually capturing ships and adding them to your own little fleetthough unfortunately I found this to be one of the weakest parts of the game, something like Farmville, where you wait hours for your ships to finish sailing over the ocean to export goods. This earns you some money, but after a week or two realtime, having earned around 400,000 reales the ingame currency, Id gotten pretty bored. Kenways Fleets, as its called, feels tackedon, but may keep your interest for a bit.Later still go deepsea diving, avoiding sharks and jellyfish and moray eels, while bringing up sunken treasure.Some of the coolest things you can do in the game involve hunting. On land, there are ocelots, deer, jaguars, howler monkeys, iguanas, and other creatures that you can hunt, skin, and then use their bones and hides to craft equipment for yourself. Out on the ocean, you can go harpooning for different animals humpback whales, hammerhead sharks, Great White sharks, and others, including the rare White Whales.And in the towns there are a lot of interesting things to do as well. Take on quests, get in bar fights, play some board games, and advance the main plot. If you feel like it. Dont be surprised if youre having too much fun to care.There are some weak points in the game. I would have preferred more realism, such as managing food and fresh water water for your ship, with longer distances and times to sail, making fast travel even more important.Also around the 3040 mark, the game began to feel a little stale. Only a little. There are so many things to do and places to go, but after a while some of the mystery and wonder has gone, as you pretty much know what youre going to expect, with fighting enemy ships, getting treasure chests and animus fragments and maps. You realize that theres basically no one to talk to in this worldthough there are thousands of people in the game, unlike The Elder Scrolls or something you cant really start conversations with them. Even Half Life 2 gave the mute Gordon Freeman more ability to chat with random strangers.And I havent even mentioned the worst thing about this game. Edward Kenway, the character you play, is a maniacal monkeyhopping man. Im used to the crisp and responsive movement of Valves gamesTF2, Half Life, Portal, Left 4 Dead. Edward jumps when you dont want him to jump, and then adheres to objects when you want him to jump or let go. Sometimes, Edwards little detours slow him down so much that it can go beyond the annoyance factor and make certain things chasing sea shanties/people a lot tougher. The parkour aspect of the game is a great idea, but the implementation was far, far better in Mirrors Edge and Prince of Persia The Sands of Time. And Dishonored felt like a much better assassination simulator all around.One final note if you like Black Flag, consider Sunless Sea/Zubmariner. Its 2D, much darker, and set in a different universe, c. 1887. Both Black Flag and Sunless Sea are focused on ships, have tons of explorationeven underwater environmentsbut Sunless Sea seems to have a ton more interesting options, stories, lots of people talk to and goods to buy and sell, though it has a lot less focus on combat. And Black Flag is really quite an easy game there should have been harder modes. Sunless Sea is normally a pain, but does give you an easy mode. I recommend playing the standard difficulty, but finding a guide to help make money early on.I paid 19.99 for Black Flag, and its a real deal at that price, for the huge variety of things you can do and all the fun you can have. I especially recommend it if youve never played any Assassins Creed games before, because this is a great standalone title. I know very little of previous games, but I havent felt like that was needed anyway.Overall 9/10. 