Ah, Assassins Creed.... So Black Flag is a fantastic pirate sim. I loved how they took the historical characters and made them believeable. They took historical fact and weaved it into the game so as a Historian I found myself smiling rather than fuming.My main annoyance with this game and the entire series is the Open world aspect. As I first started to play I wanted a total finish, after getting stuck in the quagmire that is chest after chest, ship after ship, stupid artifact after stupid collectable I quickly realised I was up to 21 hrs of game play and roughly 20 through the game I was bored stiff.  I had forgot the entire story and was looking for pastures new.I left the game for a week or so and then decided to return, this time I quick traveled as much as possible ignored every side quest, something unthinkable in a RPG like Mass Effect / Dragon Age and stuck to the bare bones of the game.In doing this I found a superb and immersive storyline. I enjoyed my play through far more by just sticking to the plot with the occasional ship battle thrown in. A couple of plot twists I didnt see and the inevitable ending no spoilers twinned with a very ironic achievement which was a nice nod.The Caribean played on a high end pc is lush and looks stunning. The view points being one side quest I did do simply for the panoramics. An aspect I find is really missed is the music. The score to this game is perfectly placed and very emotive. Probably one of the best soundtracks on a game ive played in years.A friend told me that this was a Great Pirate game but bad Assassins Creed game. Being a fan of Sid Meirs Pirates or as it was called in 1996 Pirates Gold! on the Amiga....this is probably the best evolution of that game play. So a tick in the box for pirate sim. As for Assassins Creed game, I was confused as to why Edward was an Assassin yet not however this was developed in the story and was given real reason and legitimacy for me. At the mid point id say a bad Creed game but by the end Id say the best Ive played yet.My only real sore thumb is the real world aspects. Totally pointless and a waste of my time unfortunatly, they are only made relevant in the last half hour of game play and was met with a. Ahhh ok, see what you did there...... rather than a really cool plot twist. I think the whole meta plot Assassins Creed Eden device stuff needs to be buried or made relivant. Almost like they wrote thier cannon before they realised they had a francaise on hand!This said, by the end of the game I had developed a real soft spot for Edward Kenway.