Overview A good expansion of the Assassins Creed universe, taking on the role of a semineutral character that doesnt care much for the TemplarAssassin conflict though leans closer toward the Assassins since hes a pirate, and doesnt like to be told what to do.STORY  above averageCharacters are very well developed, and you definitely identify with some of their personalities. Blackbeard, the toughontheoutside pirate, who also shows his gentler and wiser side to his close friends, is sorely missed when he dies. Many of the Templar villains are also very likeable, and in fact, portrayed to be very human instead of outright evil.The story itself was above average, because depending on your personality, you might not relate to Captain Kenway. I had a hard time feeling sympathy for pirates, because theyre just consumers rather than creators of value. As the Sage put it, all Kenway was capable of was Murder and Mayhem.The meta story in the real world was horrendous. I did not care at all, and wish it could be skipped completely.GAMEPLAY  good while newNaval warfare is great fun, for the first dozen battles. Then you upgrade your ship, and it gets pretty old quickly. The naval minigames on the companion mobile app is very fun though.Combat on land is very repetitive, and it doesnt progress through the game at all. Same enemies, same tactics, same weapon effects, even with upgrades.Missions are also hit or miss. I enjoy the story missions, but the stealth tailing missions are very frustrating. On the other hand, the assassination missions are much more enjoyable.VISUALS  good, but not optimizedTheres a lot of scenery complexity, especially when it comes to plant life, and rain effects. This can bog down your framerate, without actually adding to the visual experience in a positive way. To be honest, I preferred AC2s visuals to Black Flags. Just too chaotic for a 3rd person wideFOV game.SOUND  averageSoundtrack is okay. Nothing memorable. Sea shanties when sailors sing are painful on the ears.Overall Rating 7/10. 