Assassins Creed 4 is a great game. Full stop. If youve seen the gameplay and the trailers you will be thinking Wow! Amazing! It is indeed so, with a great deal of pirating and exploration to do. Freerunning is now much smoother, especially with the trees, which AC3 tried to introduce, but had many bugs. The combat system is easy to use and very fluid in getting killstreaks. Ship combat is also fun, with the freedom to attack anyone you want, and consequently board them however you want. There are numerous locations in the game to explore and traverse, with varying sizes and feels to them.The storyline is interesting, as Edward Kenway is sorry wont spoil it for you. He is looking for The Observatory, the purpose of which I will not reveal to you, dear readers, other than it being a precursor site, its location sought after by both the Assassins and the Templars. But Edward thinks he can make money out of it,. In that sense, I dont like him as much as Ezio, as he is not noble and honourable in the classic way, standing up for his creed, instead he is driven to work for the highest bidder you will see what I mean.In presentday, you are a new employee for Abstergo Entertainment  a front for Abstergo duh! and the Templars. It is now firstperson, and you must roam around, hacking other employees computers for very interesting info and searching for secrets sticky notes. It is a change from previous present day missions, which is sad, as it was a nice experience to run around as Desmond, especially in AC3.However, I do detect faults in this game, as it is less than I hoped it to be do not let my criticisms sway your ideas  I am what one would define as a hardcore AC gamer, who stereotypically thinks that AC2 was the best and will remain so I expected the Caribbean to be totally free roam, which some may argue that it is anyway, but I hoped for every single island to be accessible. There are still very many locations, but there are also many islands in the game just for the scenery. Also, I almost find the game too easy. If you focus on exploring without doing may missions  as most of the World is open to you from the start  then it can almost become boring as you are too powerful  but some may view this as good. Therefore, it is my advice to you that you should stick to the storyline until you have acquired the diving bell, then you may explore more  if you do very little of the storyline and then fully upgrade your ship  it is simply boring as it is far too easy  I would have liked a dynamic difficulty to resolve this issue. it is fun to pillage and loot ships  there are three choices to choose from when you board a ship and complete the necessary objectives to capture the ship Either repair your ship, send the ship t your fleet equivalent to Assassins den  where you send them on missions  but now it is with ships, or you can lower your wanted level equivalent of notoriety. This is also annoying that there is no longer a notoriety for you when on foot  you no longer have to pull down posters, bribe speakers, or kill officials to lower the notoriety which I miss, as it added another level of difficulty  now all you have to do is lower your wanted level in the sea by bribing a random guy next to the harbourmaster on shore or by capturing a ship.If you let the notoriety increase, more and more powerful pirate hunters will chase and attack you, which is actually mostly annoying it is also a controversial point for me concerning how the ship upgrades. It would have been nice if there was a slight RPG system, where you could choose a path for your ship to follow, whether to become faster, or to become stronger, or bigger, etc. There is a wide range of locations, but they dont have the same majesty of the classical cities in the previous games, specifically AC2. Furthermore, some of the smaller locations are relatively boring to travel in, as they follow a single path through the treetops or around Mayan temples. In this sense, I loved the Frontier in AC3, as it was a complete expanse to freeroam Mission styles vary in the game, being both on land and out in the sea. The new eagle vision is nice, but it is overpowering, in the sense that one can see enemies through walls and buildings, which sort of eliminates the point of following or eavesdropping, as you can see the targets through the wall. On top of this, blending in with the crowd is a less prominent tool on missions  I have barely done that at all.In conclusion, I believe that although AC4 is a good game, with fun elements to it, there are concepts and mechanics from previous titles which have unfortunately been altered or unused e.g. blending, notoriety, high  low profiles. However, as I said before, do not let this bias affect you too much, as these are merely ideas from a longrunning fan of the Assassins Creed series. 