First off ignore those guys that only dont recommend this game cause they are having problems to run it. They probably downloaded so much porn that their computer is melting.I am not kidding when I say Assassins Creed IV Black Flag is the best Assassins Creed ever made. First of, old, annoying mechanics of the previous games have been fixed, like the stupid wantedposter hunting after killing a single guard.Back then if you did something wrong every guard in the city instantly knew about it and everyone in the world was hunting you. Now if you do a crime and kill every guard who saw it, you are perfectly fine. It now actually makes fun to roam around the cities and hunt for treasurechest or kill some random guards if youre feeling down. Also we finally have a simple fasttravelsystem One map with all the locations and cities to zoom in and out, and not Map of City A, Map of wasteland inbetween, Map of City B and continentmap.As the title of the games says, it is focused around piratehistory and ships. With your ship, the Jackdaw that you obtain soon in the game, you can explore the whole world very early and if you want you can freely start battles with nearby ships note that its not a good idea to attack 3 giant warships if youre not ready for it. If you attack and board enemy ships and manage to take them over, you can gain various cargogoods from them, wich you need to upgrade your Jackdaw with better cannons and armor. Notice again how free you are to move, if we drive near to a little island with a treasure on it, we can actually stop the ship anywhere we want in real time and personally swim to the island. Its fun and a pleasure to fight with your Jackdaw and upgrade it until you can take out the giants of the sea. And upgrading it can take a lot of time, the upgrades require high amounts of money and cargogoods, and unlike in the previous games the money is not thrown at you this much.Sadly, most of the missions on land about 5060 of the main missions have something to do with the sea and sailing your ship are not very creative, the usual evesdropping to conversations, killing people, doing contracts, and so on.The story focues on Edward Kenway, who has to leave his girlfriend in england and become a pirate to make gallons of money. Thats what Edwards motive is, instead of something like honor or freedom from the other characters its the incredible greed that makes him strong, not a noble but reliable and quite realistic motive. One day Edwards ships sinks and he finds himself on an island with an assassin. He kills the assassin and takes his armor because he can. The assassin carried a letter and the player can put the pieces together and find out that that assassin was a baddy and wanted to join the templars. Bad for Edward that he does not know that, so he just lives the roll of the assassin now and goes deeper and deeper to the conflict of assassins and templars without even realising it. Througout the story we meet other famous pirates like Blackbeard or James Kidd. Sadly the story has, like most of the other games, plotholes or poorly written scenes every now and then. 5 Enemy Soldies enter the village that Edward wants to protect and its instantly taken over with no fight what so ever and how does Edward even know on the map where the next event for the main story takes place even if no one told him where to meet or what will happen. Especially at the middleend of the story it gets extremely sloopy and feels a bit lazy done.The gameplay yet is entertaining and there are tons of side activities you can do like plundering warehouses for cargo, attacking special ships and convois, taking over enemy fords, hunt for whales and sharks in a quite realistic minigame, use treasure maps to get da booti money, and another very good innovation you can dive for treasures in special under water levels where you have to avoid sharks and stuff. Then there is your fleet, your trading map from where you can send out ships to get money from buissness and even more!Over all Buy this game if you are an assassins creed fan and still like innovation, you can get insane amounts of fun from it. 