After 4 years I finally completed the game, not 100 but quite close to it. After having my savegames being corrupted twice, i took my courage with both hands and decided to plunder this game once and for all in a third walkthrough.Ill start with the cons to put that away swiftly, and they are pretty much the same in every Assassins Creed. Collision bugs, clipping and popins. That is always what you experience in any open world games nowadays. Performance wise, it could have been better, but its still far better than AC Unity, which i think is the worst in that regard. Oh, and the Abstergo part of the game, its boring and a feeble attempt to follow on the meta story.Now with the pros. First of all, what hooked me into this game straight away is the piracy. You have your ship, you have all the Carribean to navigate and a lot of activities to get by. Ok some of it are specially here for grinding and the sake of crafting like harpooning, exploring wreckages under the sea, stop by a tiny island to get contracts and sometimes items that give you more to the lore. But just being on your own ship, braving storms, gunnering in open sea against 2 or 3 mano war, having your crew yelling those shanties, it feels pretty cool and get immersed easily into it.Edward, the protagonist, is meh at first. But hes being more interesting to play on the later stages of the story, on his motives and implication, if you dont mind to dig into some side quests. To be frank, I didnt really play this game for the story, its leagues behind Assassins Creed 1 and 2, even if the casting have colorful characters like Black Beard and Captain Kidd I didnt find any of the Templars really charismatic and thats a shame.Gameplay wise, you have a lot of ways to act as a shadow or a sneaky assassin if you prefer. Get by every guard by hiding in vegetations or behind walls, hiring dancers to be incognito in the masses, or let a guard going bersek do half the job for you if you are lucky. I regret the rope dart ability comes way too far in the game thought, really helpful to stay on the higher grounds if you prefer it this way. And if you dont wanna be sneaky, you can just jump on the first guard you see and engage every enemies, thought just like AC III, combat is way too easy and not challenging, 90 of the time you counter and then start your killing combo by simply pressing left click.To finish, the map. Its huge. Really huge.A lot of islands, and you add to it La Havana, Nassau and Kingston. It will take you time to grind everything, specially if you dont use the fast travel option, and its as I said previously, lot of acitivities to do. Quest for the mayan and templar treasures, manuscripts, hidden chests for rare crafting plans, even launch your fleet into missions to get rare items and money, its pretty much accessory thought, but necessary if you want it all like me.To conclude, ill say, even if the story is not as engaging as the past titles and you feel more like a pirate than an assassin, it might be my favorite Assassins Creed gameplay wise. My favorite remains the second one and yes I include Brotherhood because it has the best story and character of the franchise in my opinion, but if youre interested into the pirate universe, cruise on the sweet yet deadly Carribean seas, with a story good enough to play through and a lot of side things to do, you might like, even love this game. Specially now since its the sales and it will cost you less than 10 bucks, not bad for game that can take you 40 hours of your time if you wanna ace it.