I was very excited to play AC4. I am a huge fan of other ACs. Ecpsecially III. And the thought of it being based ON PIRATES! Was amazing. I got the Gold Editon and the Season pass, costed about 120 But it was worth it as I thought.All I got was an unoptimized, unfluent, and BUGGY AS HELL disaster.You start off in a roughstorm, battleing other vessels as you despreatly try to manage yours. It feels very scripted and your game, Unless you have a Super HighEnd PC will destroy your FPS And already introduces you to the bugs. When you try taking the helm, once your captain is killed. It never seems to respond to whatever key you have for interaction. Whilst this happens, you get shot to peices and then FINALLY It will work for you.  Not going to spoil anythingThen. You are almostidmeadiatly into combat. You are on a jungle island in the carribean. And, since the game is so horribly optimised, you will be getting very low FPS. Even at the lowest graphics. And the combat is unfluent and just a mess. You swing your swords around as if they were peices of cardboard. Then your enemies just let themselves get chopped in the next and/or stabbed in the throat. Not going to spoil anything But you then are now taking command of a vessel. Its all fine and good. Just how since your FPS Will go inandout, you wont beable to steer very well.Now. On to the actual gameplay. The freerunning is very lame and slow. Its unfluent aswell. Assassins Creed if known for its great FreeRunning mechanics, But AC4 Just butchers the title. The combat is really slow, and the animations look really bulky. Asif you were the hulk, just pounding away, slowly and slowly.The game itself, without the AWFUL Optimisation, and garbage FreeRunning and Combat. Seems okay. The pirate idea is an awesome idea. And its a shame I cant even play it with my FPS.If they atleast fix the optimisation, I suppose Id give it another try. And another review.Final Verdict 4/10. ing awful.When I made this review, I was upset, and angry I couldnt play the game, due to my LowEnd Specs. I have recently upgraded, and can actualy give a review.Gameplay Summary AC4 Is a mixture of combat, Stealth, Naval, melee, and even high enough standards for shooting. I will cover each type of combat.Melee The Melee in AC4 Is just the same, as every other Assassins Creed, spam E To counter, then spam LeftClick to deliver the counter. It looks beautiful, with new takedowns, and combos, but, it can get boring, fast. Just like with AC3, there is muskets, and the muskets on AC4 are improved alot, but still can be bulky, atleast with the new aiming mechanic. I will get onto that in the firearms section.Firearms/Gunplay AC4 Has brought loads of new firearms to the franchise, from Blunderbuses, to cannons, to even Muskets, it is great fun, but, could use some patching up, the new aiming mechanic is a very nice idea, but kind of aoutcome. If you just press F, you can instantly shoot, and usualy kill an enemy, making the aiming kind of useless, unless you interact with the enviroment, which is another section I will touch up on, as well with cannons.Naval The Naval combat is a great new edition of gameplay for Assassins Creed, the fact that you can use the FreeRunning and Clinbing mechanics, in ship combat is great, but the actual Naval Combat, gets boring quickly, it is simply smash your way with unlimited cannonballs, that reload almost instantly, a musket takes longer to reload, then the shipcannons. You can ram, but it it kind of pointless, unless it is a tiny Gunboat, or sloop. But, my favorite thing, of Assassins Creed 4, if the Naval Boarding. If you damage a ship enough, it will catch fire, and be incapacitated, you have an option to either finish it off, or board it. Each have diffrent Avantages/Disadvantages. If you board the ship, you can engage in the most cinematic, beautiful, polished Melee fight I have ever seen in Assassins creed, you can either swing your way across with a rope, climb on board, jump on board, or even sneak on board. Then, you can either get new crew, Repair your ship, or remove wanted level, once winning the fight.Stealth The Stealth is pretty much the same, nothing has changed. So I will not do much of a section for stealth.Other cool things The Enviroment for AC4 is fantastic. I love it. With detailed underwater exploring, to the Shantys of poor islands, to the bright, bloom of buildings, you will always find a beautiful location in AC4, and it is as if it is an exact model of the Carribean.The new final verdict, for AC4 is an 8/10. Great game, just can get boring.