 While its an amazing game by itself  the PC port is horrible. Read at the end for that, if your PC meets the RECOMMENDED or close to not minimum at all by all means get an enjoy the game. If you do not carry anything above 2.7Ghz / or an HDX8XX  or one of the newer GTX models you WILL NOT run this game at good speeds.Hands down the best Assassins Creed game since AC2, and an amazing pirate game by its own right.As soon as you start the game up, it starts up in high action and puts you in a storm, taking control of a vessel as soon as youre able to move and fight off the invading Navy after that ships captain was killed. You play as Edward Kenway, a brash, young pirate in hopes of landing it big and living it easy, and right away the game tells you a bit of his backstory and youre given control of Edward yet again and gain access to the Assassin robes and his weapons of preference, two long swords.The game is visually a treat, with vegetation and fauna being more alive than ever in an AC game, just on the first island alone, you can see tiny crabs walking alongside the sand , you can see turtles moving about, seagulls flying above, etc the game feels alive thanks to these touches of detail  thats not even mentioning the amazing texture work the game has overall, the grass moves as you swivel through it, the water reacts to every little force and as you sail you get to see the waves far off move back and forth as they crash alongside your ship as you sail through the vast open world, arguably the biggest in any AC game to date, and explore every island to your hearts content.In regards to the already standarized systems found in previous AC games  the combat feels more like AC1 in its execution, with counters not being as obvious and enemies being more aggresive, it makes you actually worry a bit and forces you to slow down and pick your fights as you cant take many hits in combat unlike in certain previous AC games. The regenerating is back for this game, and you will actually need it, as playing reckless will see you low on health more often than not as well as some enemies being almost impervious to kill counters mix in among those that are. Stealth has also been improved from the previous games, but it still isnt the best trait the game has, enemies still have the unrealistic bobble icons that flash from yellow to red and can be alleviated easily by just hiding in tall grass or sides o buildings, etc, but enemies DO react faster upon seeing you, making the experience slightly more intense and stealth a more viable option than in previous AC games.As far as new mechanics and things to do go the naval combat has been GREATLY improved from AC3s. It involves 3 points of attack  Front releases a bolo like cannon that slows down enemy ships, Side Standard Damage dealing cannons and Back Drops fire barrels to stop ships from sneaking up on you and ramming your vessel as well as a new attack mode that fires a concentraded cannon fire on enemy ship weakpoints to deal massive damage youll be using this a lot too and every single Navy encounter feels more like a duel when out at sea, it is amazing. On top of that, lowering an enemy ships value to red, and then parking alongside them will allow you to board their ship, you can choose to either down their ship entirely, or board them and take the full cargo to your ship as well as potentially add new crew members. In addition, theres also hunting in both land and sea land is like AC3, you find and kill critters on different islands and skin then for items that can be used to upgrade your holsters, etc for a bigger inventory space and extras for your character and in the sea you get to experience the joys of feeling like Captain Ahab and hunting that great white. PThe Seafarers Adventures  This game as a whole is an AMAZING pirate game by itself. Traveling feels a lot like Legend of Zelda Windwaker, and I am amazed at how much of an improvement this game is compared to the mediocre AC3. Combat and the standardized AC mechanics have been greatly improved, the character itself is charming and lovable as far as rogue adventure types go and the game itself is a treat visually and sounds amazing too thanks to the amazing composition by Brian Tyler.A One of my faves this year no doubt.EDIT For now I have to unrecommend this game due to the large amount of bugs and issues the game currently has on PC. While I did love this game, I cannot for the life of me understand just what the hell Ubisoft is doing with this game. Performance before that PhysX patch was shoddy at best before, but now its almost borderline unplayable, and even unplayable for a lot of people. I have a friend with an amazing Rig that cant even get past the damn Uplay Launcher and I have to run the game at 1280x resolution to maintain at LEAST a 28  30 FPS on both PCs. Until Ubisoft fixes some of these issues OR a new driver that makes this mess playable its literally a Your Mileage may Vary kind of thing. Buy at your own risk. 