This is a great example of a great game that has been utterly mutilated by a terrible and overbearing storyline. This game by its very nature gives you free reign to do as you please throughout most of the Carribbian however this massively contrasts to the super linear and monotonous story missions, this means that youll dread doing them as youd rather swashbuckle on your own adventure. The story missions will often involve go from point A to Point B without being spotted while throwing arbitrary objectives at you in the process, hardly the freedom that a game about piracy deseves right? Moreso the parts where youre not in the Animus are even worse, Ubisoft thought that it would be clever to this a first person metagame plot where you work for a gaming company making the game that youre playing, however these parts are even more boring, sluggish and contain no challenge whatsoever as they entirely consist of go to A, listen to B, Hack C or variations on that, the worst part being that these parts will often come after completing a story mission and all you will want to do is get back to the pirateering.The gameplay is the best out of any AC game yet, the naval combat is by far the best bit of the game and there is a lot of it and itll often leave you feeling like a badass pirate captain after a hard fight. The land aspect is more of the same if youre an AC veteran, freerunning through densly packed environments and dodging guards ect... the combat is as dull as ever, standing a circle of guards murdering them intern and they all try to 1 on 1 you.The game is very poorly optimised for a PC port, this isnt surprising considering that the devs had to make the game for 6 platforms and that AC3 was even more poorly optimised. The game runs at a poor framerate on reasonably good hardware, I easily surpass all the recommended sysreqs and I still have to turn the resolution down to achieve even 30fps consistantly, Ubisoft has done nothing to change this since release and have only made the performance worse with the Physx update. That being said, the game does look fantastic none the less with great attention to detail in the environment and the animation quality, however the islands do look very underdetailed from the sea with many islands just being several sets of poorly detailed trees on a mountain when viewed from upclose, this does somewhat ruin the immersion as a result but for the most part the graphics are what youd expect from a next gen title.The games difficulty varies between easy and outright unfair. As said before the melee combat is easy and involves countering and button mashing for most enemies with the exceptions of some of the special enemies which require filling with a substantial amount of lead. The stealth aspect can be very frustating with much of the Ai having a hivemind e.g. if one guard sees you, the hoard comes running, this can often lead to multiple mission restarts especially if youre going for full sync. The naval battles are where the game can get particularly difficult, while the light ships present less than no challenge, the heavier frigates and manowars can lead to some terrifying confrontations especially in the late game as sometimes youll fight a heavy ship and then another will come into the frey and then another ect.. especially if you have a hunter ship on you. In the later missions and areas, there are frequetly very much contrived storms which will cause serious damage to your ship unless you are careful, this is made worse by the fact that these tornados in storms will actually aim for you, however can rather comically decimate enemy ships too if properly manipulated leading to a big oppotunity for free booty on occasion.In conclusion AC4Black Flag is mixed booty, it is without a doubt the best naval combat simulator in gaming, the game provides many tens of hours in side missions and exploration which is where most of the games entertainment value come from. However the game is comprehensively hindered by it being an AC game, in that it is bound by the series various plot points and themes as a result the plot is weak and the story missions do much to discredit the game as a whole. The scourge of the story would be so bad if it wasnt required for progress in the awsome free roam aspect of the game e.g. to explore the game you need to play the story.