Every now and then I find a game thats simply an absolute pleasure to play, one that I can easily spend hours or even an entire day playing and not feel burned out. Rarely do those games come from AAA developers, but Assassins Creed 4 most certainly delivered. Between responsive controls, fun game mechanics, a massive world to explore, and an exciting story, I enjoyed nearly every minute of this game. Though parts of the story do leave a bit to be desired, and I was left with some unanswered questions at the end. Maybe its due to my lowered expectations after AC3, or maybe its because Im a sucker for pirate adventures and sea shanties, but the latest installment of the Assassins Creed series just may be my new favorite. The basic game controls are more or less the same as theyve always been Run around, jump and climb buildings and stab lots of enemies. The familiar control scheme is satisfyingly responsive and though there were occurrences of Edward doing something I didnt intend, they were seldom. Most impressive, however, is the input detection. I generally play Assassins Creed games with an Xbox controller, since they dont require the precision of a mouse and allow for more fluid movement with the analog sticks. But if I wanted to switch to the mouse and keyboard for instance, to more quickly navigate menus, all I had to do was press a key or move the mouse and input automatically switched over. When I want to switch back I pick up the controller again and can keep playing. I didnt even have to enter the settings menu. Combat is incredibly satisfying, if extremely simple and easy, allowing you to either mash a single button until everyones dead, or pull of some fun and impressivelooking combos with your swords and pistols. Similar to AC3, you have some control over the ships speed, allowing you to make tighter turns if necessary. The ship does control rather sluggishly, but thats to be expected considering, well, its a ship, and its actually a good bit more responsive than what I imagine steering a real boat is like. Naval combat is fairly straightforward, allowing you to select from a myriad of weaponry for different scenarios. Use the broadside cannons to hit anything alongside you, the chainball shooting chase cannons to hit enemies in front, or launch fire barrels off the back of your ship to hit those behind you. You can also upgrade the ship with new weapons like mortars and heavy shot for even more range and damage. The game world is absolutely massive, with tons of areas to explore and things to collect. And aside from a few storycritical areas, the entire map is open to you from the moment you get your ship, meaning if you want to ignore the story missions entirely and explore everything, nothings stopping you. Of course many areas of the map are far more dangerous than the starting areas, but a nice upgrade system lets you plunder enemy ships for materials which you can then use to make your own ship stronger. The map is divided up into sections, with each section being home to a large fort, or base. If youre able to destroy the fort and kill the fort leader, the fort is then liberated, opening up that section of the map to you. This reveals locations and hunting areas for that section of the map, as well as opens up some naval missions that you can complete for some extra cash. After you get a good ways into the story, you gain control of your very own fleet. From that point, any enemy ship you plunder gives you the option to send it to your fleet. Once there, you can send the ships on minimissions similar to assassin missions from Brotherhood, trading goods for money. By completing these missions, you unlock new trade routes with new missions that can net you even more money. However, some routes are more dangerous than others, and you have to first send some of your fleet into a minibattle to make it safer for travel. While overall a pretty small part of the game, the fleet missions can be interesting, and are certainly a good way to bring in some extra cash. Quite a few missions throughout the game involve following a target for a distance without letting them spot you. This usually involves walking at a distance behind them, and ducking into alleys or blending in with groups of people to avoid detecting. Black Flag also introduces a new mechanic that allows you to tag up to ten enemies by focusing on them in eagle vision. They are then highlighted when you return to your normal view, and you can follow them even as they walk behind buildings or you would otherwise normally be unable to see them. While a neat mechanic, it does seem to make many tailing missions almost too easy.To be blunt and to the point, the game looks gorgeous, both aesthetically and graphically. Some of the most enjoyable parts for me were just sailing over the deep blue waters, passing by other boats and islands. The texture resolutions are certainly impressive, and there were only a few times generally during closeups when a noticeably lowres texture jumped out at me. With the recent addition of PhysX capabilities, smoke rising from fires and recently fired cannons also behaves much more realistically. And everything ran surprisingly smoothly, too. Id heard some reports of poor optimization and consistently low framerates and was initially worried, but I was able to set the game settings at near maximum with next to no problems at all, only some slowdown during ship battles when there was a lot of smoke. And considering Im running off a GTX480 I consider that to be pretty impressive. To avoid the risk of spoilers I wont detail too much here, but I did find the games story very enjoyable. The characters are solid and theres certainly no lack of personality to be found. Edward is of course a pirate, so everything he does is with his own and his crews best interest in mind, but that doesnt stop him from being able to care about others, and as the story progresses Edward really grows as a character, one of my favorite aspects of AC2. I did however have some issues with the finale, as the story ended with a relatively important task left incomplete and with a few overhanging questions that were never answered, which made for a slightly less than satisfying conclusion. Meanwhile, outside the Animus, you play as a new employee to Abstergo Entertainment, a company aiming to bring the memories and experiences of people such as Edward to the general public in the form of interactive movies. Unlike the previous games arcs with Desmond, your character in Black Flag is faceless and voiceless, and you play from a firstperson perspective, restricted to your office building throughout the game. Its certainly an interesting spin on both the purpose of the Animus technology and the realworld portions of the game, and not entirely unwelcome in my opinion since Desmonds story, while interesting, seemd to almost competed for dominance with Ezios story at times. Now your time spent outside of the Animus generally involves talking with your superiors, and later on learning to hack your coworkers computers for some very interesting backstory.Overall this is certainly one of the most fun games Ive played recently, and one of the few that I actually had a hard time putting down. It looks beautiful, plays well and is responsive, has an interesting story and overall some really fun mechanics. Despite a few flaws with the story that left questions hanging in my mind, I enjoyed the majority of the time I spent with it, and can say that this is astep up from the previous game.