Only halfway through but some impressions so farThe badThe overall structure is full of checklists of meaningless boring collectibles and repetetive side activies that sadly wear out their welcome too quickly. At least theres half a dozen types or so to vary it up as you play.Main mission design is mostly ubisoft trash and full of trail/follow or forced stealth garbage. Sadly a lot of good mechanical stuff is locked up behind their progression so you cant just ignore them.Checkpoints are surprisingly bad. Game over Desyncs when you cross arbitrary invisible walls are way too frequent and never stop being frustrating.Contextual actions and movement is still really terrible and leads to numerous accidents where the insanely overloaded keybindings are a fight a dozen times more challenging than any actual enemies.Melee combat is mostly trivial, counter/punsh very easy and basically god mode. Considering how wonky stealth can be thats probably an upside though.The goodStealth doesnt hold up to better games like Dishonored, but the open world approach gives enjoyable freedom to clearing complex enemy groups and settlements nonlethally without alert.Ship combat looks fantastic and is way more fun and tactical than melee combat. Storms and boarding larger ships is spectacular stuff.The world looks fantastic and there is a ton of it. Just dont get ocd about hovering up minimap symbols, cause thats a good way to oversaturate yourself while also missing it all at the same time.Has a decent amount of hilarious open world jank and clunky AI behavior thats way more entertaining than anything actually scripted.Pet all cats even the weird onesThe uglyI dont think you can buy a pet parrot for your ship. Ever? This is a bug that makes the game entirely unplayable and Ubisoft should refund everyones money immediately. This is the worst pirate game in the world.Ultimately the ocean may be a bit too shallow, but it is very wide and enjoyably relaxing to cruise through if you can ignore a few usual ubisoft virus symptoms. 