Original Post Update below How this game can possibly have good reviews is beyond me. Im not one your typical Assassins Creed Fans. I love this game, I just wish I got to continue playing it when I save and log off. I have played the intro and first 10 at least 6 times and saved it. Only to later log on and find that my entire saved file wont load. Ill pull up the single player menu, and its as if I loaded the game for the first time. Im not going to point any fingers, but someone or some team involved with the production of this game needs to pull their heads or other peoples heads out of theirand fix the damned problems that this game has with loading saved games. The game is USELESS if you cant even pick up where you left off. Why bother? This is NOT the only game Ive had this issue with that has ties to Ubisoft. I paid real money for this damn game, I shouldnt have to do some work around to back up my saved file. Its there, I can find my save file, but for some reason, the game cant...UPDATE Ok so after dicking around with this game, The one thing I never imagined the problem to be, was the problem. Apparently, if you dont give your already admin account more admin rights to write to the game files just these game files, it wont save...............................So, the problems everyone is having with saves, all you have to do is right click run as administrator. No joke, all your issues will go away. You can also right click on the game, go into properties and give yourself admin rights, because the fact that your account is admin already isnt good enough apparently.Ok so I have gotten about 50 of the way through the game, and Id have to say, overall, its a badass type of pirate themed game. A lot of good ideas went into this. The gameplay however, is pretty mediocre. Id give it overall about a 6/10. Which means Ill play it, but only because Im waiting for Fallout 4 to launch in 3 days. When it does, I will never play this game again. Its just not that great its ok... graphics are good, the crew sings when you sail, the ship combat is unique but pretty  cake, I hate the console feel to it. I own a gaming rig for a reason.... The only AC i have played before AC4 is AC1, the original one, when the entire game was a newer type of concept. This is far better than the first one, but it just feels like they got 90 done with the game, and then just said  it, just finish it and lets make some monies. If youre going to develop a game, dont leave any stone un turned... finish it, make all those ideas happen. I wont be buying any otehr Assassin Creed games for sure. Its just not as in depth or awesome enough for me. My 10 year would probably enjoy the hell out of it though. Good job guys, 10 yr olds love your game thumbs up.