Oh, YES!After galactic facepalm that was AC3 which lacked everything even QA and testing it seems, Black Flag returned the series from the dead. I was VERY cautious after AC3 about the whole franchise and every game after it, so I even asked other users on Steam Forum if Black Flag has all of the same issues as AC3 thanks Steam community... you rock  , because honestly AC3 threw ACs reputation in the mud. Black Flag returned my faith in the franchise, but I will be still very cautious about buying another AC game, especially for a full price I got BF during a Steam promotion. Reviews and experience of other players first, considering to buy later.Anyway, enough about AC3 failure and on to the Black Flag Stealth is back with a big S. My favourite part of open world games is O.P.E. Observe Plan Execute and Black Flag gives you plenty of it. You are again an Assassin... a predator from the shadows who acts, moves and uses the environment like one Controls are OK. I havent looked in the controlls menu to see if there is an option to toggle sprint instead of holding a button constantly I was too busy playing the game , but if it isnt there it really should be. Since its a huge world with a lot of places to explore, it becomes uncomfortable to hold that sprint button after a while. Other thant that, controls are logical and responsive although looting has some room for improvements Visuals are just stunning. Colors are fresh and vibrant and the environment is filled with so much details. The world simply feels alive Music is fantastic along with sounds There is so much to do in the game and it all makes sense and fits into the character and storyline. The variety of activities is just fantastic Great variety of weapons AI is well implemented and provides a challenge without being overly sensitive. There are different types of NPCs that behave in different ways, which adds to the fun. Snipers, regular infantry, runners/tacklers, heavies,... each one behaves according to its role Non stealth combat is OK, but has plenty of room for improvements Sailing is a game for itself and its so fun that I often find myself just sailing for a long time and completely forgetting about the rest of the game. Not that the rest of the game isnt as fun, but the amount of fun that sailing provides is great Story is interesting and inspiring. Its very fun to see it unfold as you progress in the game Android or iPhone companion app. Seriously... download it! It actually expands the game and offers actual gameplay and not just the statistics. Theres a dynamic map linked with your position and progress in the game even while you are playing. Convoys gameplay is available directly in the app and you can send ships to trade routes and play to secure the routes even when you are nowhere near your computer. The rewards from these activities will wait for you once you log in to the main game  All storyline entries, audio and video files and collectible reading material is available in the app as well once you discover them in the game, of course.Overall, 9/10 and highly recommended. 