Arrrrr! And my Assassins Creed gaming spree has ended until new AC Unity and AC Rogue releases that is for now and I can honestly say that I havent had that much fun since AC 2. Assassins Creed IV Black Flag offers lots and lots of stuff to do. Just the seafaring on your Jackdaw ship while listening to the sea shanties of your crew truly imerse you into the pirate theme this game went into. And as a pirate themed game, I havent played a realy good one ever since Sid Meiers Pirates Gold!... and that was close to ten years ago!Naturally, this game has its ups and downs but compared to AC3, it is a huge step in the right direction. Black Flag has a bigger focus on simply having fun, gameplay speaking. Storywise, the pirateAnimus setting delivers, while you progress your pirate career as Edward Kenway and seek help from other known pirates like Charles Vane, Blackbeard, Anne Bonny, James Kidd, etc. You have many lost treasures on maps to search in this game, which unlocks elite upgrades for your ship and I would say mandatory if you want to have a chance against the legendary ManoWar battleships. You got the whaling minigame that opens up Edwards crafting abilities and unlocks better gear, similar to Far Cry 3. The Templar vs Assassin theme is still there in this game but not as omnipresent as previous AC games.My biggest deception in this game was the pointless modern setting. Walking around, finding sticky notes and hacking collegues computers only to have a pseudo continuation from the events of AC 3. Another big irritant of Black Flag was the many many many eavesdropping and tailing missions. Way too annoying and very frustrating as you are forced to play these missions as how the developer has intended for you, which is dont be seen, dont do this/that... oh you did! DESYNCH and repeat mission! ENJOY! DAside from these irritants, the rest could be pretty much discarded but Ill still elaborate on the Pros and Cons.PROSKiller visuals! A gorgeous, vibrant world full of reasons to go exploring!Outstanding naval combat. Picks up from AC3 naval combat but improved in every ways.Progression systems are profoundly rewarding crafting, upgrading Edward and the Jackdaw, etc.Terrific pirate story that depicts how they lived and also, shows you the pirates in a human light.Seafaring and onfoot exploration complement each other in a perfect mix.Gameplay mechanics delivers but hopefully, theyll be more refined in the new AC games. Although the moves are more fluid compared to AC3. Played with Xbox One controller.Decent soundtrack from composer Brian Tyler. Also the sea shanties arrrrrr good!CONSI havent experienced any bugs or gamecrashing glitches but read that Black Flag has nasty issues at launch, until it was properly patched that is! I did had a few glitches and were all fixed by reloading a checkpoint!Just too many eavesdropping and tailing missions... I mean cmon, couldnt you have done something different here? I just hate those missions badly!Bland and boring modern setting. Now that Desmond Miles is out of the portrait, this new unknown guy you play as in the Abstergo Entertainment Montreal studios has little to offer in the main Templar vs Assassin everlasting confict. That setting felt forced and I do hope on the future AC games, the modern setting will be much more developed, just like the other AC games.I wouldve liked to see the other main countries in this game, like the French and the Dutch, who were colonizing the Americas of that time too and also, at war against Spain and England. More countries at war, the merrier! Might happen on AC Rogue, who knows!If the multiplayer is your reason to play AC games, youll find nothing new here... same old same old and not my cup of tea!OVERALLFantastic game! I really enjoyed this game which you have tons and tons of stuff to do. Ubisoft have redeemed themselves with Black Flag since AC3 was beyond disappointing in every possible way. Black Flag delivers and whether youre new to the Assassins Creed franchise or not, this game takes a big pause in the main modern theme of Templar vs Assassin from previous games and enables you to just jump into this fun pirate theme and well, just have fun plundering other ships!RECOMMENDATIONYes, absolutely! AC fan or not, play this game... as long as you dig the pirate theme!BLACK FLAG RATING9.0 / 10AVELINE DLCShort straightforward DLC that doesnt add much in Aveline de Grandprs storyline. It picks up at the end of AC Liberation and whether you played or not that game doesnt matter for this DLC. You just start somewhere and after youve done climbing the side of a Fort, you have to liberate someone inside and the end... Very belowaverage! Sad because Aveline could have been a decent main character to play, aside from AC Liberation but is quite underdeveloped. Overall, if it comes with your Black Flag game, give it a shot since it is very short... 45 minutes max! If you only have Black Flag game, discard this DLC! You wont miss much!AVELINE RATING6.0 / 10.FREEDOM CRY DLCYou play as Edward Kenways quartermaster, Adwal. This DLC picks up at the end of Black Flag. It doesnt give you any info about Edwards and Black Flag storyline so you can always play this DLC in any way you seek as it doesnt impede BF main plot. Adwal is a great character. His involvement into liberating the slaves of PortauPrince felt rewarding each time I got to massacre the slavers. You do have some seafaring missions as you do steal a ship and roam the WestIndies. You have about ten or so locations to explore. Freedom Cry has a good mix of side missions and main ones. The story is solely focused on liberating PortauPrince from the French slavers and there is little to no mention of the Templars. You have about a good ten hours of playtime in FC DLC. My main gripes are like Black Flag, way too many eavesdropping and tailing missions! Id actually recommend this DLC if you get around to it. Freedom Cry is fun and straightforward while having the fun parts of Black Flag like seafaring, in the DLC.FREEDOM CRY RATING7.5 / 10....And now... awaiting UNITY AND ROGUE!