Look, this is a great game.  But if youre getting it on PC understand youre playing a game of russian roulette with it.  This game has multiple tech issues.  Ive experienced constant crashing when turning on AA, god rays, anything other than low shadows, etc etc.  This is odd, because Ive got a powerful rig that has the game on maxed textures and plays numerous others maxed out with those options enabled but, sure, whatever, well say something is wrong with my computer and not BF.  Theres also the issue that if you use UPlays cloud saving the game will eat your save, causing you to lose hours of progress.  I personally LOST FIVE HOURS OF PROGRESS.  This even happend to a previewer on RockPaperShotgun.  Checking the forums, others have lost completed games, with the average loss being 8 hours.  Some users insist this continues after turning off cloud saves, so back up your saves too!  Theres also the issue I may have had that this game may not play nice if you dont install it on the same drive with your windows install, although this seems to be true for other Ubi titles like BlackList I cant pinpoint this one for me because I reinstalled and also changed graphic options at the same time which stopped crashing but which one fixed it?, but other forumers have the drive issue.  And some users thankfully not me have the game crash on the splash screen.   Also, if you have a laptop apparently this game doesnt play nice with those and the integrated graphics cards involved, so do your research?  Dont know much about that one, currently using a desktop.This is a great game.  The gameplay is rock solid.  But I cant recommend it in good consciouscience because I dont want anyone to buy it, or worse, gift it, and not have it work.  Thats an awful, frustrating feeling and I dont want anyone to feel like I did.  So no, the other reviewers are not wrong for recommending it.  Their time HAS been positive!  Mine hasnt.  It just is what it is, its part of the baggage of PC gaming and it rears its ugly head nowandthen.However, make sure you turn off cloud saving no matter who you are and back up your saves.  This is a nasty bug for UPlay that doesnt care how great your machine is.  Imagine doing all the sync points or collecting all the collectibles on mutliple islands only to lose them.  It sure stinks.