I learned to despise this game with a passion.Youre a pirate who kills an assassin and impersonates him to get money. Congratulations saved you an hour of this ing game. The character motivation of Kenway the protagonist is simple he wants to be rich. But then you have this t of assassins dressed as Mayans fighting templars for some t mcguffin observatory that doesnt show up for another  of the game. On top of that youre actually an employee for abstergo making a pirate movie via the animus thats secretly controlled by the templars or some bulland you know what?I DONT ING CARE.Pirates are fun.Pirates are interesting.That aspect of meeting different pirates with different aspirations was cool. They all had unique characters but nothing was done with them because they needed to give Kenway some t arc where he learns that trying to gain wealth is fruitless and it turns a fun snarky pirate into a another Assassins creed character a stoic  who recites sudo philosophical t disguising as some revelation while killing anyone who gets in his way. WHICH HE WAS DOING ANYWAYS. Maybe for personal gain but he did it.And the characters are actually interesting but by the end they all turn into some pawn in Edwards ing character arc to learn about some t and I didnt recognize any of them by the end because they were mentioned so little. Time wasted on chasing Roberts ing 43 ing times not really could have gone to these people which I would have cared so much more about.Good ing god they just ruined anything I care about the plot for. Some t about Juno or some prophet or some observatory which turns out means absolutely nothing by the end of the game because it doesnt lead to anything at all. JackThere are two main parts. Both are ok but underdeveloped.One is the assassin stuff. This is tedious in the beginning because of the game because you dont have anyway of stealthily taking out two guards in the beginning so you time you way through entire mazes of enemies and one  up lands you in trouble. This part, even though its tedious, is as close to the actual assassin stuff as possible and is actually challenging. Later you get sleeping and poison darts which makes everything a million times easier but its still funny at least. This part is ok.What isnt OK is the ing trailing. Almost every goddamn mission is you looking for a target, trailing and following, and then finally murdering. Why cant I just murder? Why do I have to follow in boring slow segments where I do jackexcept hide in bushes? Let me just kill the damn guy. There are very few times it just gives you a target in the middle of an area of bad guys and just tells you to kill them. The Assassin missions do it but not the main ones? The . Plus, the controls are just not precise enough to work. Even on a mouse and keyboard corners just make Kenway spaz out and not realize where he is going. Movement is slow and the parkour is slow and boring rather than fast and fluid.The second main aspect is ships since youre a ing pirate. But honestly, its not very challenging. At first, its fun to board ships and sink them but in the end you realize that all you need is mortars  ram  stay at the butt of the ship firing and you win every fight. And the boarding is just bizarrely bad and clunky. You have to do the counterstep routine because you cant mow them down fast. You just end up doing the same boarding every time and its not new, different, or interesting. Its fun at first but just loses its charm. Plus, it seems super tacked on because although there are a couple of missions where you go and find a ship to sink, most of the missions involving the boats are weird stealth following ones or avoiding ones. Basically the assassin following missions without a boat. Where is the freedom and just the instructions to go  someone up instead of following their stupid rules or whatever? The potential is just so ing wasted.And it wouldnt be a Ubisoft game without collectibles. So are you ready to search for treasure? No because its boring. All you do is go to an island, open a chest and move on. All  that money goes to ship upgrades. To do what? Fight biggers ships and get or money and resources. GREAT! Also get ready for animus fragments, treasure maps, secrets, pages of a wiki that noone is going to read and more t. The only things that are worth collecting are the treasure maps which are required to give you certain upgrades for some reason and songs which the crew sings. This would be nice if you could skip songs or get more than ing 10 feels like not actual.Oh and I almost forgot.  the underwater t. Its in a goddamn ocean. And now you decide to make it a stealth game with no attack? Really? WTF? Plus, the control is horrible enough moving starting that diving and rising in tight corners always s up and its more tedious than anything. ing garbage.This game does NOT look good anymore. Its not terrible at all and the boats sailing through the ocean with the sun creating god rays through the sails is beautiful but up close, the character models look ugly, textures are low res and overall, only a few of the faces are capable of emotion. Plus, the game runs like . I have a graphics card that came out a year after the game and I still cant run the damn thing on the highest settings with multisampling enabled which it really needs. Plus, its super inconsistent. Rain causes it to dip into the 40s and some areas with foliage causes the same but a big town like Havana stays rock solid at 60. WTF?OH AND THE ING CRASHING. SWEAR TO ING GOD. I had the game crash OVER 20 TIMES. Who the  coded this piece of Plus, each crash meant that I had to restart my PC because booting the game up again just caused it to drop to 30. Why? Plus there was clipping and I had to restart 2 missions because the objectives glitched out. For s sake.They ing took pirates and assassins and made them boring. I wanted a pirate adventure with murdering people from rooftops. Instead I got some half baked ideas about stealth and ships along with a plot someone is literally  out. By the end, I didnt care about anything and this was just the biggest waste of time ever.