This is the only Assassins Creed game Ive played to date so that might set a bit of context. I just heard it was the best one from a friend and so jumped straight in at number IV. Well Im half way through a second play through and decided to give this game a BIG thumbs up review. I just love it the theme, setting and ambience created in this game is brilliant and I cant help myself but to sing along with the shanties as I pirate around on the salt seas.Things I like Sailing and pirating mechanics are masterfully achieved simple enough to get to grips with quickly but engrossing enough to want to do for hour upon hour. Boarding enemy ships is great fun and the shanties really give a depth of experience to sailing the waves. The parkour is very well executed with only a few issues such as unrealistic snapping to certain edges and rocks that should be scalable but arent. Sometimes farting about in the rigging and platforms of big ships results in an annoying death fall. Overall a great job with some occasional annoyances that any mature gamer should look past. The characters are fantastic and I love the protagonist, I wont say too much to spoil I found them all entertaining and interesting plus I really like the nod to real people from history of the era. Stealth mechanics are easy to master so within a few hours of play youll be performing awesome ninja death stunts. Perhaps it is a little too easy in some respects, such as AI stupidity, but thats just taste. All stealth games are like that. The legendary ships provide amazing battles that are hard won, even with all upgrades for your ship. I love the Man o War with the naval ram, El Impoluto probably the hardest ship battle in the game. Love the powder shot pistols when you get to having a full set of four with two strapped to your chest and one on each hip what a badass.Things I liked less I feel that the throwing knife is a great weapon so it surprises me that you can only get it from certain enemies and only one of them. Its easily retrieved and you can always get another, but still why not have a set of 5 or so knives available in shops? Just a bit of an odd choice. Fighting mechanics could have a hard mode its like in the movies think Kill Bill when the protagonist is surrounded by gyrating opponents to give the illusion of action who attack one at a time. Ive got to the stage where dying in battle is just not on the cards no valhalla for me! A little more depth in the story would be nice but I still enjoyed the story immensely. I came away feeling I wanted more but I guess thats just how it feels upon completing a great game can it ever be enough? The fleet system is a good idea for a long distance trade mechanic to bring in the Reales but it just gets a bit wearisome after unlocking all sea routes. You wipe them clear to free up the routes for trade then a day or so later you have to do it all again. And again. And again. Tedium. REALLY dont like the cuts to the modern era in the Abstergo Entertainment HQ or whatever it is. I get that theyre trying to push the genetic memory idea into the story but it feels contrived, weird and doesnt seem to add to the game experience. I have no interest in hacking computers for emails and vids that try to add depth to the genetic memory thing and it just breaks the story up.Amazing game. Combines pirating, ninjaing and a historical context to create a vibrant world to be a double hard bastd in. Ignoring the modern era scenes, which can be breezed fairly quickly, I give it a 10/10 for sheer delight in piracy. I did pay for the game however.