Avast ye scurvy dogs! There be booty in them waves! Yarr! Etc.Assassins Creed has drifted away from the era of Desmond Miles to a totally new story arc. Gone is the convoluted plot of hunting down magical glowing orbs to protect the Earth from a decimating Sun flare. This time around, Assassins Creed goes all meta, making you play a game while you are playing a game with the end point of developing a game. Confused? Its all good.This time around you will play an up and coming Abstergo Industries employee, tasked with dwelling into old genetic memories from the Kenway line, set in the early 18th century, the time of roving pirates. Abstergo now operates as a multimedia entertainment company, much akin to Ubisoft, perhaps, and in the emails and conversations you will hear, it seems the developers are fully aware and enjoying this murky ambivalence between both the real and the virtual company. AC4 does a very good job in portraying Abstergo and, ultimately, the Templars in a different light. Before, they were the all ending evil bound to enslave humanity. This time around? Maybe not so much. Some of it is actually likeable.But enough introduction. Enter Edward Kenway, charming rogue pirate born in Wales and decided to make a fortune in the Caribbean Seas. Leaving his young wife behind, he sailed forth to make a name for himself, thinking little beyond his own profit. When it comes to character likability, Edward is lightyears ahead of predecessor and pinnacle of blandness Connor. The game makes a solid effort to dwell deep into Edwards character building and spins a convincing tale of tragedy, loss and motivational changes  while keeping it substantially different from Ezios initial revenge forays.The gameplay is fluid and intense  both at sea and on land. Edwards moves with haste, and is a daredevil with the double swords  and the double hidden blades. The game introduces several changes to combat gameplay while improving on AC3 revamped counter system. You can approach combat headon, swords flaring, and feel like a total badass or you can run up to unsuspecting enemies and end them with the new running execution moves. The game also introduces blow darts  a new, silent way, of dispatching enemies, either by putting them to sleep for a few moments, or making them go on a berserker rage, attacking everyone in sight. That addition of the rope darts, that can be used to pull or hang enemies is also a welcome one, but comes a little bit too late in the game to be of proper use. It would be so much better to have had this in a feudal Japan setting, wouldnt it? Hint hint.While at sea, you will command the Jackdaw, a very competent Brig that you can, and very much should, care for and upgrade as much and quickly as possible. By late game your ship should be very capable to stand up to massive ManoWars and youll feel like an invincible terror of the seas, indeed. Among the great mechanics introduced to naval battle, you can now fire long range, heavy hitting mortar shots, sailwrecking chain shots, highly destructive heavy side shots and drop fire barrels from the back of the ship to hinder pursuing enemies. You can now board and take over ships when they are damaged enough, plundering them for materials you will need for repairing and upgrading the Jackdaw and creating your own war fleet. Naval battle has been refined into an intense affair, especially when set up between several enemies, rough seas and rogue waves. It is, by far, the best pirate naval warfare simulation out there sorry, Sid Meier!.The new outoftheAnimus section has become a firstperson small exploration game as you wander around Abstergos Googlelike offices, hacking computers as commanded by your IT overlord, collecting postits and peeking through security cameras. The hacking games are extremely easy and nowhere near as frustrating as the old painting puzzle games from the past. The unlocked information that you get by completing these challenges is nice enough to guide a new player through the most recent events of AC, and to provide the seasoned player with a lot of nice lore. Still, the whole history seems too convoluted to make much sense, at least in these early stages.All in all, Id say the lacklustre point in Assassins Creed 4 is the Assassins storyline itself. It never feels quite up to par with previous instalments, and never manages to grip the players attention as strongly as Kenways own personal storyline. As an entertainment, AC4 is truly the best instalment in the series since AC2, with a streamlined gameplay that makes combat, exploration and completion more intuitive and, above all, more fun.Extremely recommended whether you like Assassins Creed as series especially if you felt let down by AC3, or if you need a great actionadventure game that will scratch your pirate itch. For crying out loud, Blackbeards in it! So go forth, and live the good life! 