First things first, the opening paragraph isnt true. Youre not trained by Assassins, you just happen to have all the skills already! Youre not part of the Creed for the most part wont spoil it too much, but the opening sequences a real heartbreaker  for me at least.The only AC game I havent played is AC1. I started on AC2, and everyone I spoke to said to not waste my time with AC1 as it was quite boring, and the controls and gameplay were pretty much the same for AC2. I have read the synopsis and played every other major AC since, and aside from Black Flag, Revelations is by far my favourite. The location, the catacomb searches, the controls, the armour, the graphics, sound, and of course Ezios enigmatic charisma everything was spot on for me At first, I didnt like the AC3/4 controls, but Ive grown to like them. Also ACR filled in a lot of the holes that even AC1 didnt fill in, so theres that too. I also have Turkish heritage, so learning about its history was very interesting to me on that note, Ive actually learnt more about world history from the AC games than I ever did in school. On top of these, like AC3, theyve completely removed the bomb crafting mechanics, which added a extra aspect of gameplay to Revelations, along with making the enemy models a bit more mainstream, and having only 5 major enemy classes I remember having a few other specialist classes in Revelations. Which also detracts from gameplay, as before there were certain enemies you HAD to dodge, ones you HAD to stun, and the rest you could either wittle them down or easily counter. I prefered this, even though you really had to take note of their individual costumes/weapons, it helped keep the gameplay variety up.With this iteration though, I have noticed more small bugs too, which is par for the course with AC, but the parkour seems a bit... stickier than before  I think thats because theyve removed the 3tier freerunning where WShiftRightClick would get you freerunning before, now its just ShiftW  making it easier to overshoot your mark. Theres also a weird draw issue where the world maybe loaded, but certain objects and NPCs wont be. Ive turned corners to be greeted by an empty street, and a second later people and certain objects will materialise out of thin air. Setting the world detail to very high fixes this, but Im getting frame drops as a result I know this is partly my rig, but still!In saying all these things, this is still a mindblowingly good game. Only other game I played since picking it up was Dota2 and that was a single match for a tournament. They really knew what they were going for when they brought the naval portion into the forefront and you will end up spending majority of your time on the open sea.Im yet to play the multiplayer, but if its anything like ACRs which I absolutely adored  purely for its Simple Deathmatch mode, then Im going to love it.UPDATE Ive since played the Multiplayer, and theyve removed the Simple Deathmatch mode. Its much the same as ACRs aside from this though.The realworld of this, like all other previous ACs is nothing special, but now theyve made you a faceless drone, bringing it into firstperson view, and even more dull than before. There are some familiar faces though, so thats comforting at least. Youre essentially a gametester in this. In this sense, Ubisoft is putting it out there that theyre like Abstergo Entertainment, which just doesnt sit right with me, as much as I love their 3 major franchises AC, Far Cry and Tom Clancys.If you have a poke around on the outside youll notice some small crossgame Easter eggs, with ctOS from Watch Dogs, but since playing Watch Dogs, theres nothing tying the 2 together. Maybe theyll bring the two together in later games? I mean, they are bring the 2 timelines closer together. Slowly but surely.All in all, I highly recommend this game. If you enjoyed the naval portions of AC3, youll love them here, although they do mean less Assassin type gameplay. The locations, scenery, hunting and of course all the regular AC gameplay, tied in with the naval aspects make this one hell of game. To me, second only to Revelations. 