I write this review as someone who has not played AC1 to 3. So this is my first contact with the franchise.Ive been playing the game for about 3 or 4 hours now, just progressing through the main story and exploring Havanna a bit. My overall impression is a very positive one and Ill explain why in the following paragraphs.First the bad stuff. My main trouble so far is with the controls. I use a XBOX360 controler with my PC and while I get what the game wants me to do, I somehow fail quite often when it comes to free running. The sticks seem a bit overreactive at times and at some points usually when climbing up somewhere it interprets my commands wrong. So my character just stops and hangs around a bit until I get him to pull himself up and continue. That can end badly when youre escaping combat. However, as I said, Im new to AC so that could just be my fault.One of the many things I like is are the dialogues. Theyre witty and the actors are doing a pretty good job. So that helps the immersion a lot. However, the game doesnt leave it at that, it also provides lots of details in how some people on the players environment act. For instance A discussion takes place at a the veranda and theres a table with stuff set up. Shortly after the protagonists of the scene leave a butler comes along and cleans up the table. It might not sound like much, but for me its the details that provide the additional feeling that the world is alive.The characters themself are  at the moment  not as likeable as Elisabeth from bioshock infinite, but you start caring for them early on nonetheless. Luckiliy the heroe is not the gritty stereotype we know from other games, because thats just getting old after a while.A really good thing is that the combat doesnt feel as boring and ridicolous as it did in Bioshock  While I cant wait for the next cutscene or dialogue sequence, I dont feel like the game is stretching it too much.The world itself  as far is I can tell at this stage  looks great. Character models, buildings and ships, as well as the water when youre in ship mode. Not much to complain here. However, textures of plants seem a little bit off at times, they just dont feel alive. Its especially noticable close up, but even distant islands do look weird.Steering and commanding a ship is something that feels awesome. The things you have to do in order to shoot at your enemies are intuitive at least to me and when you hit them it feels satisfying.In TotalBiscuits WTF is series he mentioned that combat gets really easy after a while ship and ground, however to me this is not true. Again, this might just be because Im new to the AC universe, and Im not that used to the routines you have to perform.To summarise So far Im having a really good time with the game and I dont see a reason why that would change anytime soon. Definitely worth your time and money. 