A lot of people likes this game. I do not. This game is no where near Brotherhood.This is just a huge remake between Assassin Creed 3 and his ship.Instead of moving by horse, now you move by ship. 98 the game feature come from the old games  Gun, ships, cosmetic, mechanic .... The only thing new i notice is new place to hide to stealth kill.This games stoy has no logic at all. A random pirate killed an Assassin ,easily. Then suddenly he knows all of the assassin moves when asked to perform. and Black Beard died from 3 troops.REALLY? THE PIRATE WHO OWNS BLACK HOLE AND EARTHQUAKE DEVIL FRUIT DIED FROM 3 GUARDS? BULL SH!T. NOOB SH!T. WEAK SH!T. And of course our Kenway killed 1020 with no problemThe way Kenway move to captain rank is also way to easy. Step 1  Steal a ship. Step 2  BOOM. Fearful captain.The 1st civilization component is quite lame as well. The device is not that powerful, the Mage is just some random character  spoiler  husband of Juno  they pop up to keep the story going. No sign of Juno except last scene.About gameplay. This game is suitable for the kid of 10 years old. The map now display EVERYTHING. Litterally. Animus fragment? Here. Treasure? Here. Shop? This way. There is no more thrill in this game anymore, even with just Revelation, when you stumbling across a random piece of fragment. Now? OH ITS ON THE MAP.The way this game structured is quite repetitive as well. 1 island, 2 islands, 3 islands .... The same thing keep going on and on. Ship fight is no difference. Shoot, hook, kill, capture. The fleet fight is a deliberate attempt to make you waste time. Coz all you need is put a strong ship and wait to win  can not skip the fight part There is a plus side which is the diving part. New dimension, very real, recommended. But its only unlocked after like 5060 of the game. And i do enjoy spending time sailing on the ship. Nice scenery, good song, quite peaceful.Oh and i payed for the deluxe version. AC3 deluxe version is quite nice, new power, new map, new quest, new story line.THIS? FRICKING 10 MINS OF KILLING BOTS. Waste my money.