Assassins Creed IV Black Flag is an actionadventure stealth game with open world environment from Ubisoft. It is the next installment in Assassins Creed series and a prequel to Assassins Creed III in terms of storyline.Desmond Miles is dead, but his legacy continues. An unknown Abstergo Entertainment employee is doing research on Desmond ancestors in the familiar machine called Animus based on Desmond samples where he dives into the history of the one of many fearless and notorious pirates, Edward Kenway.Assassins Creed IV Black Flag like Assassins Creed III, get some gameplay change and improvements again. Most improvements are very good and makes the game more fun and entertaining. The story takes place before the event of Assassins Creed III, you play as Edward Kenway, grandfather of Connor Kenway, and a father to Haytham Kenway. In some location in this game, like in the city of Havana, we can go back to the building climbing style of gameplay, while in most location where its not a city, the tree climbing still present a lot. But the best thing this Assassins Creed has to offer is sea battles, piracy. While not on mission or on the way to mission location, you can engage and loot Spanish or Her Majesty ships, fleets or convoy and loot them for money and resources. Shiptoship battles has been improved a lot in this game that most of the time you will forget the mission and do some piracy instead. Sometimes I wonder how a small Brig can take down 2 big Spanish Galleon without a scratch and live to tell the tale. But those moment are awesome. But that just only one of many new features in this game that you can try. There are other things you can do like hunting sharks, wales or any of those extinct fish, explore undersea shipwreck and gets eaten by sharks, attack and conquer Spanish and/or British coastal forts, or maybe you just want to play checkers here. Sadly the Assassins Brotherhood feature has been taken out in this game and replaced with Kenways Fleet new minigame. But many of these features are great, and there is still more to see.Graphics of Assassins Creed IV Black Flag, for me, I dont know, I dont see much difference with Assassins Creed III, except the effect on the sea. Sea can be very unpredictable here, sometimes the waves are calm, sometimes you have to face a small tsunami or hurricane which will damage you beloved ship. Performance of Assassins Creed IV Black Flag is good, I havent encounter any bugs or glitch and the game runs smoothly.In multiplayer, mictotransactions are back, I dont know why Ubisoft do that, but its not like you have to buy them, so no harm done here.Assassins Creed IV Black Flag, in my opinion, is the second best Assassins Creed after Assassins Creed II, ever. I recommend this.Rating 9/10 