TLDR  This is not an open world pirate game. Its an Assassins Creed game you can eke some piratical fun out of if youre willing to put inIf youre thinking of getting this game because you dig pirate games, be careful. This is a piratethemed Assassins Creed game. Meaning you will get to do piratical stuff, but youre stuck with all the AC stuff to. And it is tedious beyong compare. Prepare to mash buttons. A lot. Prepare to sail through a world so crowded with, well, stuff, that the Carribean feels like a theme park. Prepare to follow people with arrows above them. Prepare to run around like Spider Man on methamphetamine.And prepare for the incomprably tedious AC metanarrative. No joke, after taking part in an awesome sea battle, then running around a jungle, then finding a ship to sail out into the wide open....... Nope, now youll go to a mission ? where youre a new employee at a software company. Im not joking. You think I am, but Im not. Youll get your employee badge, youll be shown to your cubicle, youll meet your awkward boss. I paid 30 for the game, but Id gladly have paid 40 for an edition in which I got to watch the meeting where the developers convinced each other that their jobs were so cool that they ought to be modeled in 3D. And its not just a cut scene that you can leave and go get something to eat. I tried. When I came back, the cute Human Resources gal was still waiting to take me to the elevator.Ponder that for a second. In a game called Assassins Creed IV Black Flag, youll be shown around an office building. With all due respect to the software developers whose work I enjoy at times so much, Ive spent my whole working life avoiding cubicles. But yes, youll sit in your home office, playing a guy sitting in a cubicle, playing a pirate.Mind. Blown.The game wont let your forget this, either. Immersion is a dirty word in this game. You will seldom go more than a few minutes without something yanking you out of any sense of immersion in the gorgeously modeled world. Not just the goofy consoleported interface, but big barriers informing you that you cant go further yet. I mean, I understand establishing the boundaries of the world is a real design problem in open world games, but this is lazy in the extreme.The ship combat starts cool, but before you know it you discover that the button mashing morass that is the ground combat is the inspiration for the naval combat. This game makes Sid Meiers Pirates look like a naval simulation exercise.This is one of those games that would just seem like a so so game if not for the tantalizing potential. If the Assassins Creed would just leave the Black Flag the heck alone for a while, the game would be a lot of fun. As it is, meh. 