TLDR Nothing new with the game play, but the story telling was amazingTo be honest, I came into this game with a negative bias because of the bigest mechanic to the game, being the ship sailing, was ripped from a minigame portion of assassins creed 3. However, this was not a deal breaker for me.First about the aforementioned ships. Ship combat was easily the most difficult part of the game, and that not a bad thing. The combat sequences where smooth and hit detection was never a problem, and boarding and taking over ships was actually quite fun. The things I did not like about the ships was the upgrading portion of the ship. I often found myself grinding for materials to upgrade my ship because it wasnt powerful enough to take on a man o war and I would get ripped to shreds. Which would normally be a good thing, but grinding for something in a game is never fun.The land based game play was alright. There was nothing new there except for maybe dual weilding swords. It was easy and predictable, and stealth was almost laughable by how easy it was. but nothing too game breaking.Performance regarding graphics As a video game design major working on 3D assets such as Character design and the like, there were some things that really broke immersion for me that Im sure a lot of people didnt even notice. For one, the clothes that you wear often had collision issues and would clip threw its self, even if you were standing still, which for me, that is unacceptable from a professional production such as this, but of course this is minor. Otherwise, the game ran smoothly for the most parts. In times there was some frame rate issues, but they were all minor. I ran the game on max settings all the time with an Nvidia gtx 770 graphics card and 8 gig of ram.Free running in this game felt quick and fluid mostly. There were some times where my character would not go the direction I was pointing him. He would continually do the same useless move that got me no where no matter which way I pointed, thus ending in a game over from detection. This happened rarely however and otherwise the freeruning was bug freeNow time to take to the story. The story for this game is fantastic I mean come on, its pirates, even ubisoft cant mess that up. all the characters within the game are vibrant and colorful and they actually make me care for each one individually. Character development of your character and all the others around you is also very prominent, and only lends to enrich the environment. Outside the animus story on the other hand was not as good. There were a few short segments inbetween long stretches of pirate looting, and each one was basically the same and then out of nowhere a plot device that had no reason for being there appeared suddenly. 