After what is generally considered one of the lesser points of the Assassins Creed franchise, Ubisoft put out yet another installment, taking the pirate theme and more or less perfecting it. Few other games have taken the pirate theme and done so well with it. Black Flag blends the concept of being a pirate, exploring the ocean and visiting islands quite well.In Black Flag, you take on the role of Edward Kenway, who is trying to make a life for himself and his family back home. He joins a privateering crew and one night at sea during a storm his ship comes across another that happens to have an Assassin on board. Things goes awry and Edward finds himself washed up on the shore of an island...next to the Assassin who killed some of his crew members. After getting revenge Edward plunders the Assassins gear and begins masquerading as an Assassin. Deciding to meet up with the party who wished to meet the Assassin found out via a note in his gear, Edward soon finds a ship to replace the one he lost. Ubisoft found an intersting way to turn our hero into an Assassin, although at some points it feels a bit off. A bit later in the game, Edward is asked to display the skills hes learned during his time with the Assassins, and Edward performs every action, every takedown with extreme ease, no explanation, and no backstory. Understandably though, this is used as a very light tutorial for your basic actions.The plot is your usual Assassins versus Templars fare, and this time both sides are after what is called the Observatory. The interesting thing is Edward doesnt care about either side, even though he is technically playing for the Assassins. Instead, he wants to find the Observatory for himself and become a wealthy man, and throughout the game he plays both sides to get whatever information he can to get him closer to his goal. Edwards personality and the games theme makes the story an interesting one, and its backed up with fascinating supporting characters that include famous pirates like Blackbeard Edward Thatch and James Kidd. The scifi elements still remain. Abstergo are featured in the present time, as the player is put into the role of an employee working at Abstergo Entertainment, who is currently testing a pirate themed game for the company. These moments out of the animus feel lacklustre compared to the amazing world that Ubisoft has created in Black Flag.The game has an openworld feel to it, although it is not as large as most openworld games. You are pretty much free to explore as you wish, uncovering collectibles, finding hidden chests, pickpocketing citizens of one of the three major cities, as well as sailing around from island to island finding out what lies in store for you on each one. You can hunt wild game, which rewards you with materials to upgrade various things much like Far Cry 3, such as weapon holsters to carry more weapons, or a bigger ammo pouch to carry more bullets for your gun. There are also many different outfits to customize your look.There is so much to do in Black Flag, that at times is can be a bit overwhelming. There are the standard vantage points from the previous games, where climbing to the top reveals large portions of the map, but there are a few new things. There are Forts that guard costal area, which can be taken over to reveal coastal sections of the map. There are also plantations which you can sneak into to steal goods, or Mayan puzzle pieces to collect that lead to treasure. The map is scattered about with some hidden and notsohidden treasure chests which house a variety of random loot, much of which just serves to line your wallet with currency. Currency is then used to buy upgraded swords, cutlasses, pistols, and so on.While participating in the games story missions, the game uses the same mechanics that we have seen  since the original Assassins Creed. Following a target, and eavesdropping on their conversation to progress the campaign. Theres a voting system at the end of every mission, which is a brilliant way of Ubisoft implementing a feedback device for players, while blending it into the games plot through the Abstergo storyline. My only gripe is that it does not show what anyone else has voted, but instead thanks you for sharing your feedback. Combat is still easy, using a system akin to the Batman Arkham series, relying on careful timing, counterattacks, and chaining basic attacks together. As you master the system you will see just how flashy combat is, as you are then able to move between opponents in a whirlwind of steel and death, increasing the body count as you go. Even though you can kick everyones butt if you so choose, there are times when its simply not a good idea. Sometimes the numbers against you can be too great, especially as you are first learning the combat system. Portions of the game rely on stealth, and even when you are not forced to use stealth, its always a great tool to weaken the forces pitted against you. You can hide in brush while whistling to draw your prey towards for a silent takedown, hiding their body in the brush afterwards as you continue onward towards your objective. And there are always plenty of places to hide and get the upper hand!Black Flag looks absolutely fantastic, with some thirstinducing ocean and wave effects that are some of the best generated in a video game. The world looks equally amazing, with tons of detail going into making a believable incarnation of the West Indies. The animation can be a bit off, but apart from that its a very pretty game.Assassins Creed is one of those games thats difficult to write a review for within a character limit. Theres simply too much to tell about, from the 25 hour campaign, to the multiplayer, to the insane amount of collectible and side activites, and the many exotic island locations which you may find yourself. Ubisoft has crafted possibly the best pirate game ever, and it is definitely a worthy addition to the Assassins Creed franchise, and dare I say on par with the masterful Assassins Creed II, possibly taking its spot as the best game in the series. Ubisoft has fully addressed nearly all o fthe issues with the previous installments and added so much more on top of that. My hats off to you Ubisoft....this time. 