Wow. Easily my favorite Assassins Creed Ive played thus far, and Ive played pretty much every single one up to this point. This is the first one Ive ever attempted to get 100 sync in, and for good reason its just way too much fun overall. Spoilers may be ahead, read at your own risk.Visuals 8/10My 770GTX and i7 run this decently on high settings. A lot of the environment looks good. I did experience some FPS drops, but nothing that made the game unplayable when it occationally occurs. Theres still some graphical glitches to be found, like your character not appearing after a cut scene, but a quit exit to the main menu and back into the game usually solves it first try.Sound 8/10First of all, ship gun sounds awesome. The only real gripes I have are sometimes the dialog is too quiet and occationally I experienced a lack of sword clashing sounds randomly, but not often enough to ruin the experience overall.Gameplay 9/10The controls are pretty decent. Its AC, so its slightly repetative, but finally it doesnt seem to drag on. Theres lots of different stuff to do so you can try something else when you get tired of one type of activity or another. Spearing sea life is exciting, fighting enemy ships is great fun, and even doing the hacking in the modern outoftheanimus story line is somewhat entertaining.Story 7/10Not the best story this time overall. Edwards personal journey is interesting to follow, but I felt there was a lack of connection to previous games with regards to the templar order and the grand scheme of things. Really only giving it a 7 vs a 5 because Edwards depressing journey made me want to cry at a few points, so that was worth it to me. The ending was sad yet sweet at the same time, especially the credits sequence, so be sure you sit through that once you get to it.ReplayabilityIm sure after enough time Ill come back and give this another go, just like I have most of the previous AC games, but like any story driven game, once youve seen the end, its hard to play through it again as seriously as the first time. Nothing against the game really, its just the reality of the genre.MultiplayerI cant comment, I havent tried any AC multiplayer and dont really intend to.Overall 8.5/10If youre an AC fan and can deal with the small glitches with patience, youll enjoy this game quite a lot, probably more so than the previous installment.