DISCLAIMER I am not a seasoned Assassins Creed player.After finishing all there is to do in this game, I can wholeheartedly say that it is one of my favorite games. I might be a little biased here, being a One Piece fan and all, but I havent been this drawn into a game since I first played Skyrim. You Edward Kenway enter the scene as a pennyless man who has turned to pirating in order to realize his dreams of making a name and fortune for himself. As the game progresses, you plunder your way to a fortune, gaining counltess crewmen, a powerhouse ship, and more. Of course, such a lifestyle leads him to become blinded by his ambitions. By the time youre finished, however, Edward has been transformed into a new man, which is always an awesome thing to see.The game itself is pretty big and is essentially open world. In terms of ships, the ocean is decently populated with a variety of types and power, and each has varrying cargo that you can use to upgrade you ship or sell. They will not attack unless you attack them or are sailing in restricted waters. You can sail to any island and a fast travel system makes things very convenient. Theres a healthy mix cityish, jungle, and standard island locations that are marked on your map. These are usually more expansive than the random islands you encounter, which are basically random pieces of land. The ocean itself is divided into sections that have a specific difficulty. Naval battles will take some getting used to, as you have to control the entire ship while faced with multiple enemy ships and varying weather patterns. These battles, however, are one of the most rewarding acts in the game. You will feel like a complete badass after wiping out entire convoys, especially when your ship is still weaker than most. Boarding ships are just as epic, as your crew follows you into mayhem. Various objectives must be completed in order to subdue the enemy crew, which can become repetitive.Edward can use dual swords, up to four pistols, a pair of hidden blades, smoke bombs, a throwing knife, and a variety of darts. This variety gives you many combinations and options when it comes to tackling your missions, assasin contracts, and groups of enemies. The stealth approach is still there, but I found that charging in was also a viable option, so you can play however youd like. Usually, Edward did what I wanted him to do in terms of combat, but it wasnt always spot on. His combat style is as reckless and brutal as you would expect a pirates to be, yet has the finesse and agility associated with the Assassins.Ive read a lot of reports of glitches and errors. I have only encountered one extreme one, but there are definitely other frustrating ones. On a few occasions, I would somehow fall into either my ship or the ship I was trying to board. For smaller ships, this was annoying, as I had to wait for my crew to do all of the work, which would result in a roughly third of my crew dying. For larger ships, however, it was game breaking. I was unable to cut down the enemy flag, kill scouts, or destroy gunpowder reserves. The only way to get out of that situation was to exit to the main menu and come back. Luckily, the game autosaves like crazy, so I only lost the potential loot and occasional mission progression. This has also happened to me once when I was hiding in the bushes at one of the warehouses, which was EXTREMELY frustrating. I figured Id give you a heads up.Anyway, if youre on the fence about buying this game, do it. It is an awesome and unique experience that will keep you hooked for hours on end. Id say this game deserves a rating of 9.5/10.