Its a great game, if you get it running as it should.I was sceptical about the whole pirate thing, but I really didnt dislike anything about it. There is a fair balance between naval and ground combat. Edward is an enjoyable character that bears more similarities to the younger Ezio than the rather stoic Connor did. Sadly the presenttime story isnt advanced too much. You get to know what happened to Desmond, and you will meet and see characters from the previous games, but the presenttime story takes baby steps forwards. I still believe it holds more potential than what Ubisoft is doing with it. I understand you cant advance it too far because this may kill the whole Animus thing which is allowing Ubisoft to create as many pasttime scenarios as they wish, but at some point I would want to see solutions to all of it.The good things aside, there was something dramatically hurting to the game technicallysided Saving didnt work as it should. I lost my progress twice thus far, the last time I rushed through the storyline with this in mind, and dropped back from 60  progression to 13  or something like that. I was in contact with Ubisoft support, but got no solution to this, most of the time I was given copy  paste answers, one not even adapted to my specific problem but obviously still retaining information related to another Ubisoft title Might  Magic X  Legacy. On the forums both Steam and Ubisoft people seem to speculate a lot about the origin of this issue. Some people never seem to have it, some rather constantly like me. Perhaps Uplay is timing out, or Steam, or whatever. I never had this in the previous AC games, and I will be very careful about future titles, perhaps I will play them on the consoles again. It seems the game simply stops saving at some point on your harddrive, but I just dont know for sure. Having the Uplay cloud synchronisation en/disabled doesnt seem to matter since I lost my progress both with and without it. I would have to replay the whole storyline again, for now I will settle trying to finish ingame whatever I can without that. There are some things you can only do once youve progressed beyond a specific point in the story though, like diving for wrecks. And I will exit and restart the game and Uplay more often now to make sure my connection to it is in proper working order, and just to make sure I wont lose too much of my progress should it happen to me again.I had some performance issues too, but they feel like a lot less dramatic issue compared to the saving ones. There was a lot of stuttering when cinematics were loading, or when entering new areas. Not from the start I think, but when being midgame. Some bigger cities like Nassau and Kingston dont run with full FPS, but its playable enough and still fairly enjoyable. There are no snowy areas, not that I would have seen them anyway, which were almost unplayable in AC3 performancewise. 