This is my first review and I am trying to portray everything I think so feel free to leave feedback for me or questions in the comments!Assassins Creed IV may have reached the pinnacle game out of my Assassins Creed collection.First the badTechnical Issues A pain in the a to preload and some bugs, but Ubisoft has been pretty good about patching them out so it shouldnt apply to anybody. The worst glitch I had by far, a kill objective that wouldnt go away and led to nothing, has been patched out, and aside from that most of the bugs I encountered in the game were actually quite funny, like my ship disappearing and leaving a hole in the sea, and rising out of the hole like it was some kind of dimensional ship later. One of my friends did report a lot of crashing for him when he first installede the game, but that has been fixed. One REALLY BAD issue is that two of my Assassins Creedplaying friends have had their save files reset by the game and had to start all over again, so keep your eye out for that. I can see why they waited three weeks to release it, as it wouldve been much more of a mess if they hadnt. Also on a side note, I had an SSD that made loading screens nonexistent, but when I had to move it over to my 7200 RPM hard drive to make room for BF4, and the load times were much much longer, and it took away from the awesomeness of fast traveling.Kenways Fleet There is a feature you unlock relatively early int he story that is similar to the Assassin Brotherhood from Brotherhood/Revelations/AC3 where you can send your ships on trading missions for easy cash. The only catch is that you have to unlock the ships from ingame which I love and that you have to use resources you get from fighting in ship battles inside the Kenways fleet minigame, which is terrible. You pick ships that go against their ships, make sure the Odds of success is high, and press the space bar. You have to watch the ships slowly duke it out, and the only thing you can do during then is maybe if you feel like it use a limited fire barrel that does a very small amount of damage on the enemy ship. I know this is supossed to be for the mobile app, but it is still VERY tedious and they still have to port it over to phone. It is an easy way to get cash and I am very very happy Ubisoft didnt make this a giant microtransacitonfest, but I only do it if I have to. Friends can help your ships out on missions by speeding them up or healing them, but overall it kinda sucks.No pets Come on...Home island Not too long into the game you get access to an island you can build up similar to the Homestead from AC3. However, unlike AC3, there are no missions, you just throw large amounts of money at people so they can build things for you. For example, you can build a great fire thing that will let the Drunken Pirate group you can recruit be free. Its better than nothing, but I actually liked the Homestead missions.Combat kind of It hasnt changed much from AC3, it is still extremely fun to kill people and I have pride in my 5,000 kills in the game. The only thing I miss from previous games is that in this you only have three main weapons you always have with you two swords you hold at the same time, your fists, and hidden blades. Anything else you can only pick up for a small amount of time.What is good/greatStory I loved the story. The pirate one, while not as good as AC2/Brotherhood and I never expect any AC game to measure up that high it was really good. In the near future world, you play a mute firstperson Abstergo employee who does things with memory and stuff because I dont want to spoil AC3 for you. While I wish the story connected a little more to the end of AC3 aside from the ending, I know that this lets Ubisoft make as many games as they want until Assassin Creed dies and they can make a final game. The piratey story focuses more on pirates than anything else. Edward just picks up an Assassin suit in the beginning and says I like this. He doesnt become a true Assassin until the very end. However, they set a end goal with the Assassin storyline and let you go about your piratey buisnesss, mostly pertaining to Nasau, the pirate HQ of sorts.Tutorial/Controls It is not very long, and aside from the diving bell, you get almost everyhting not very far into the game. They have definitely learned from the last game in that regard. I just switched to PC this game, I used to play them on Xbox, and the keyboard/mouse controls felt natural and all the buttons mapped out Xbox 360 controllers are suportted but mine broke and I wanted to get used to the keyboard controls. They have a system where if the game notices you keep failing at something like block it will remind you how to do it. It is very cool, and if you dont like it you can turn it off I tihnkMultiplayer While still not as good as single player, the multiplayer is very fun. I was able to quickly start a clan with my friends and we went on Wolf Pack which was very fun. While most of my AC friends havent even touched multiplayer, it is a very oversighted feature that should be played for a bit at least.Graphics I got my GTX 770 a day before my AC4 game came out, so I was able to see the glorious visuals that completely eclipse anything the Xbone and PS4 have to offer. I could max it out at 3050 FPS driver updates will make it run better and if I turned down nonessential features like antialiasing and kept shadows and texture quality high, it looks gorgeous at 4060 FPS. My friend has an older computer, but he says it looks decent if you dont mind turning a couple settings down. Keep in mind NVIDIA cards have bonuses like God Rays and some antialiasing and other stuff that is cool but not essential.Combat Still very fun, very addictive, and has more challenge than the onebutton Ezio days. It always makes me happy to see a room filled with dead Spaniards or British.Ship Stuff An incredible addition to the game. It isnt a sailing sim by any means, but it is fun to sail your ship around, stopping at Caribbean islands to get some booty or to find some Assassin Contracts. Ship combat is much more compex than AC3, with many weapons at your disposal. It looks pretty too, and the best part is that if you want all the loot the ship has to offer you bring its health down then board it, going along the rope swings, manning the swivel guns, or jumping from your mast to theirs. It becomes normal Assassins Creed again, with the objective of killing people and doing other things like blowing up gunpowder or cutting down flags/ When you take over a ship, you can either destroy it to repair your ship, lower your notoriety it only applies to ships now or send it to Kenways Fleet, which I covered earlier. Either way, you get resources, crew members, and sometimes money. Resources can either be sold like rum or sugar or used for upgrades like cloth, wood, and metal. More crew members means more people firing your cannons and helping you fight the people youre boarding even though they are really bad at it You can also save pirates in some of the land segments, where you kill their captors and they will join your crew. Also, if youre desperate, you can buy crew members or lower notoriety from people near tavens. Speaking of notoriety, if you destroy too many ships they will send bounty hunters after you. You can just attack them like any other ship, its just that they have red sails and will look for you. I didnt find ship battles to be TOO hard because I was great at resource management and it didnt take too long to get all the best upgrades.OVERALL Buy it. It is amazing. Friend me on Steam or Uplay wkhammondTime to beat story I did many of the side quests and such before, and it took 3035 hours to beat.Advice or tips Uplay is required to play it as anotehr form of DRM. I didnt mind it, but some may MOR BELO 