Assassins Creed IV Black Flag is an open world pirate game in the caribbean. You take control of Edward Kenway, a simple man who left his girlfriend in England to follow his dreams and earn money quickly. Assassins Creed is about a hidden war between the templars and the assassins that has been fought during most of known human history. Like in every Assassins Creed you can climb houses, trees and almost every other object you might find.First of, this could have been the best pirate game that has been ever made, but sadly Ubisoft decided to make it an AC game that has to contain a streamlined story. This means that you cant just go to the British red coats or the Spaniards to sign up to join their forces. You have to be another drunk pirate like all the other ones in the story, which is a shame. Another thing that bothered me is that the map is rather small and doesnt contain all islands of the caribbean. This means that there are no French and Dutch ships nor ports, which is inexcusable. The map still has many details, treasures and islands to discover though.Naval combat is well done with a lot of fighting that isnt that hard, even to newcomers to the series. Make sure to steer your ship in every high wave you encounter since your ship will get damaged otherwise. Also, boarding ships and attacking forts is very atmospheric, but sadly too easy if you have upgraded your ship at least a bit.If you are a completionist, this game could be for you. There are so many collectables that this game could literally need douzens of hours of gameplay to gather everything. nice graphics with a lot of love for detail stealth you can climb literally everything some memorable scenery and scenes many different swords, pistols, cloths for your character and you can upgrade your ship extensivly character development, but to be honest a bit late many characters felt real. so real in fact that I didnt like most of the pirates which were supposed to be my friends, right? I urgently wished to join the red coats! P you can hunt animals sailors sing sea shanties streamlined story no FOV slider you could try the program cheat engine though most of the time, you are forced to steer the same ship boarding a ship is awfully easy. We should have to fight under deck, too. optimization isnt that good. I had to turn down my display resolution you cant skip most of the cutscenes too many tailing missions which arent that fun no French and Dutch ships nor ports the Abstergo missions in the present are boring and unnecessaryBugs and further informations For AMD users cheat engine for fov settingsFinal conclusion What could have been a masterpeace about pirates ended up being a good AC game. A lot of wasted potential, but still a good game that can make a lot of fun.Replay value average too streamlined which makes it more linear than it should be, you have to be a drunk pirateRating 7.5/10Recommendation YesWorth around 10 bucks