Hello,First of all yes I know AC is a massproduction series and I also know that the titles seem repetitive at first.But...I would totally recommend you buying this. I never played the first AC but apart from that I can say that this is my favorite game from the series. It is in most ways still in the tradition and it breaks new ground in others. They basically kept the best parts form the previous games trading, Villa building, Armor/weapons upgrades, hidden items, etc. and combined them with the new sailing and naval warfare mechanic. The Naval action here is basically my favorite part, if you are in anyway inspired by pirates and ships this game is awesome. The sailing around feels very immersive but theres fast travel for when you had enough of it and the ship combat feels very immersive as well. Shooting down stronger ships and taking on whole fleets could make for a standalone game and if an opponent ship is too strong, you can just swim over and stealth takeout all crew abord. If you know AC, this is basically the classic with this extra of Carribean ship combat. I personally spent most of the game jsut upgrading my ship to a totally ustoppable warmaschine but you can play it as you like.now the cons sadly, because of Ubisoft competence and mass production this game suffers a bit the game has a fair amount of visual glitches for an official titel. I head a lot of complaints about bugs but my own game limited itself to tansforming my ship into a submarine after loading in sometimes. All the crew would float on the surface and the ship would sink below waterlevel for some minutes and inhibit your vision if you were on it. This is a major bug but also cool in some way so the bethesda logic seems to apply here gamer is this a bug or a feature ? Bethesda yesAlso, I have a major complaint about Ubisoft here. I bought the game via steam and played about 80 of the story. I the stopped for a while playing. Before I came back to the game, I realized that I had an old copy of AC 2 on my Ubisoft account so I linked it with steam and Black flag to be able to play it. When I got back to black flag to continue the last missions, the whole progress and all other save content was lost so Id advise you to link your account before you spent a great deal of time ingame. But then again, everybody knows Ubisoft so what did I expect ?The last but minor complaint, is that the game can become repetitve if you play like me. I prefer to jsut spend tons of time doing the things in game that I like the most ex upgrade the ship half through the game so that in all further missions naval activities became boring. Or doing so many sidequests that it got boring to do the main quests where you had to tail people. I think the game could be improved if they included some new ways to design story missions as they can become repetitive tailing people for the 10th time in a rowOverall a great game with some minor flaws that should be expected from Ubisoft. 