Easily the most enjoyable game in the series, Black Flag ditches the growing tediousness of the Altair legacy and instead makes you a virtual game tester for Abstergo Games. Its a weird premise, I know, playing the part of a game tester, and thats probably the only part of the game I didnt really like, because it takes away from the immersive and fun narrative of the actual game.I think that pirates and adventure on the high seas is a genre which resonates with a lot of people. The idea of commanding your own ship, sailing free by your own sense of honor and by your own rules, beholden to none. This game does its best to explore the liberty and freedom of being a pirate by quickly placing you at the helm of your own stolen ship and then GETTING OUT OF THE WAY and letting you play the game as you like. Youre almost immediately free to explore islands, take down ships for loot, and explore and gather relics and loot.The story is there when you want it, but youre generally allowed to do the things pirates do best. Hungry for some loot? Play a few games of dice, or scour the islands for treasure maps and illgotten gains. Not rough enough for you? Jump in your ship and take to the waters, opening fire on any fools who dare get too close, then board them and take what is rightfully yours. For hardcore fans of games like Pirates! Gold, Black Flag wont let you seize ships to add to your navy or give you deep crew customization though you will be able to gather crew as you go along, but it WILL give you that sense of excitement and action as you swing on a rope across to a burning enemy ship to kill her captain and seize a hold of rum and gold. And the Templars? Well, lets just say theyre a part of the story.The visuals are equally impressive. Standing atop a thatch hut at Antigua, looking over the bay at the turquoise waters for the first time is breathtaking. The liveliness of towns, with chickens clucking about and people carrying on their business shows the strength of Ubisofts Assassins Creed franchise, which has always shined most in their attention to detail in cities.The gameplay, while similar to every other Assassins Creed title, is somehow more enjoyable and less serious now that you dont have to play the assassin. Sure, there are assassin jobs but you dont have to take them and they feel like theyve been tacked on to tie this game to the previous ones, which is unnecessary. Playing the pirate, fencing with your foes and using your guns rather than the wristblades brings a whole new experience to the franchise and is a great departure from backstabbing and running. There are very few times where you wont be able to stand your ground in Black Flag your character is tough and capable of taking and giving punishment. Ive fought 6 guys at once before and beat them without a scratch through the clever dodge and followthrough moves you can use.Black Flag is the closest anyone has come to giving the player the experience of being a pirate captain. If you love pirates and you dont have this game, get it. Get it now. 