Well its not as good as the trailers would tell you, but its certainly not bad at all.As usual the game looks great. I guess theres not much to add if youre familiar with the rest of the series.Well, the combat. Its hasnt improved, infact, it changed a little bit for the worse its not as spectacular as it used to be and feels kind of clumsy to control. The good part is you can have up to 4 preloaded pistols, so at least tht helps. Either way, you really should use all your tools in this game, theyre totally OP compared to the lack of fighting skills.I guess its because you play some stinking peasant turned pirate, rather than a trained assassin. Which is actually a nice change being no part of either templar or assassin but getting in too deep to avoid the crossfire. The story does unfold quite nicely.The new things in this game are obviously the ship battles, gimmick from the last game. Well, not too surprising since they went with a pirate theme. Most of the game is either at sea, or in ports. A lovely addition to the sea travel are the shanties a few drunks singing a song makes the trip more enjoyable, so it pays off to search for a few.The fun and yet frustrating part is boarding a ship to capture it. Somehow the controls suddenly go more wonky than usual when climbing the sails. Especially when theres a few waves moving the ship. And the decks always feel way too small with the amount of people getting in your way.But most of the boardings look really cool and are fun to do for a while.Then theres a whole new creature to hunt for the Great White, and his nautical buddies.Although whaling is basically just chucking spears at the beast untill it stops flopping, its pretty cool.  And the sharks do put up quite a fight.Oh, and another wonderful thing they added is underwater levels. Because we all know how much people love underwater levels. They actually looks quite magical.Outside of the Animus theres a few computers to hack, and obviously a less actionpacked part of the story going on. Strangely enough you seem to be an Abstergo employe this time around...Although they really shouldve included all the DLCs if they wanted to ask such a high price for it, oh well, I bought it anyway when it was on a sale, I blame the pirate theme, ARRR.I guess I cant complain, alln all, its an entertaining game, pretty much worth what I paid for it. This damn franchise tricks me into buying it anyway.