The best game in the Assassins Creed by 1000 nautical miles. I have the feeling someone at Ubisoft wanted to make an amazing pirate game and Ubisoft, being didnt want to take the punt in creating an entirely new IP so they told the devs to tie it in to Assassins Creed.As a result, when on the open sea, the game is near perfect. One of the most beautiful games ever made. Naval warfare is brilliant, and provides a variety of options in all facets of attack. The sound design is spectacular, Whether it be cruising around the seas listening to your crew sing various shanties or the crackle of mortars raining down on enemy ships. The upgrades are well spaced apart and are satisfying enough to keep you playing for hours on end.Unfortunately, there are times when you must come ashore, and this is when the game becomes just another Assassins Creed. The same tired, easy combat system, the same clunky, counterintuitive climbing system and the same enemies as always. The Story Missions are especially terrible, and often boil down to simply tail the target, eavesdrop on the targets conversation and then kill the target. Its terribly dull.The game also feels it necessary to drag you out of the action at various points throughout to force you to play in the modern world. These sections are by far the worst parts of the game. You are ordered around by a man in your ear to complete various hacking minigames all incredibly easy to gain nothing but tidbits about the lore. Not to mention, these portions are all in first person with an FOV of about 60. I spent almost all my time during these segments simply wishing I was back on the Jackdaw.The story otherwise is not terrible. Edward serves as an adequate protagonist, arguably both the most relateable and most likeable Assassin yet and he is surrounded by wellrounded, well acted supporting cast of pirates and sailors.80/100Would receive a significantly higher score if it were to cut out the modern segments, and the repetitive, boring mission design and be what it wants to be a pirate game.