For the most part, Assassins Creed IV Black Flag is a fantastic game. For ease of interpretation, I have decided to break my thoughts on the game down into a simple pros and cons list.ProsThe open world sailing/plundering/exploring while aboard the Jackdaw is by far the best aspect of the game.The main storyline is decent aside from the classic Assassins Creed outside the animus sections that everyone hatesCombat is fluid and easy to learn although it was very clearly designed for consoleAll of the enviornments are beautiful and well designedVoice acting was well done and there werent too many NPCs with the same voices.The upgrade system seems pretty reasonable outside of the fact that, once you have enough money, you can basically buy every upgrade without putting in any work to collect materials etc.ConsThe game was very much designed for console which produces quite a few problems for PC users.The Ubisoft launcher is absolutely terrible and I have had several problems getting it to boot up properly. Also, you will be unable to play the game if your Ubisoft launcher has problems so there is no way to bypass this terrible system.Even with a fairly well built gaming PC, higher level graphics options are etremely taxing and framerate drops are common.Gameplay becomes repetitive after a certain point and the quests outside of the main storyline arent anything to write home about.After you have maxed out all of the upgrades for the Jackdaw/Edward, nothing really presents a challenge.Very little replay abilityThe cutscenes for sucessfully boarding a ship are all identical except for the fact that they are reskinned depending on if the ship is Spanish, English, or pirate hunters. This is quite annoying if you pillage more that 10 ships you definitely willI already mentioned this above, but the real life sections of the game where you exit the animus are TERRIBLE! Every time one came up, I found myself saying please end this stupidity so I can go back to the story that I care about. Perhaps some people feel differently about these scenes, but most seem to agree that the game would have been better if they had been left out all together.Multiplayer is clunky and feels like an afterthought. There is no real opportunity to play with friends in the way that would actually be fun a fleet of customized ships sailing around engaging in massive battles and accomplishing various goalsConclusionI really did and still do enjoy this game. There are very few high quality pirate themed games on the market and Black Flag definitely fills that need. The game is by no means a masterpiece of storytelling, nor is it a real divergence from the classic Assassins Creed model. However, it is a ton of fun to play especially if you love pirates and the addons for the delux edition are worth playing as well. I would give this game a rating of 7/10 simply because of the clunky conversion from console to PC and the constant issues with the Ubisoft launcher. If Black Flag was as good on PC as it is on console, I would give it a 9/10.