The problem with not playing these games in order is that they all share the same scifi backstory, which is continued from game to game, although the emphasis on this part of the story varies per game. I dont think its all that great, although there are some very neat moments when the plot of the past and present overlap.They all have on thing in common Being outstanding virtual tourism games, since they create a remarkable look into the past, which despite some more or less obvious artistic liberties, feels quite authentic most of the time. Bustling city life and impressive vistas were there right from the start and there hasnt really been another games series yet that managed to pull of something comparable. Chances are, if a particular era you like is represented by an Assassins Creed game, that representation will be the most appealing rendition of it in a video game.As others have said, AC II and Black Flag are the best in the series. AC II shines thanks to its fascinating story and setting in Renaissance Italy and Black Flag is just a really enjoyable, gorgeous pirate game.The original Assassins Creed has aged significantly, thats true, but its still a rather impressive looking game with huge cityscapes. At the time of its release, it was one of the best looking games on the market and to many, including myself, it was one of the games that really showcased the power of the last console generation and contemporary PCs. The fact that you can scale any building in the games vast cities was just unheard of, especially with such smooth and responsive animations and controls for the time. The first time I climbed a tower and saw that dramatic camera pan around it is one of the most memorable gaming moments of that era, even if its now a clich for Ubisoft open world games. Combat is alright, quite graphic, but it can be both too easy and unfair, depending on the situation. While the cities are large and fairly detailed, there isnt really much to do outside of the passable, but repetitive missions. Both future and past story lines are solid, but nothing to write home about. However, if you like conspiracy stories, it might be just the thing for you.Assassins Creed II is better than its predecessor in every way. The story is filled with charismatic and interesting characters, the Renaissance Italy is almost overflowing with color compared to the almost monochromatic predecessor, which used strong color correction postprocessing to give each location and distinct, but rather dull look. Controls are smoother, combat is much more enjoyable still dated though  this was too shortly after Arkham Asylum, the game that defined modern third person brawling, after all, mission design is more varied, theres an overabundance of side activities, the modern day plot really takes off. Its a great game, a modern classic. Enjoyable without having played its predecessor, but more enjoyable if youve played it, since experiencing the impressive amount of progress is just remarkable.The rest of the Ezio trilogy, Brotherhood and Revelations, is best described as more of the same. There are a few minor gameplay additions and modifications, but nothing too major. Most people stayed on board, because they wanted to experience the story of Ezio. They feel somewhat lackluster compared to II, although nobody would deny how competent and polished they are.Assassins Creed III is a bit of an odd game. Expectations were high after the end of the Ezio trilogy and many players were hungry for a new scenario, with speculation about ancient Egypt or Medieval Japan being the setting running high. The announcement of it being set during the time of the American Revolution was seen as catering to American schoolchildren, to put it mildly, at least outside of the US. Development was plagued with issues and the game was plagued by bugs upon release, albeit nowhere near as much as a certain later game in the series. With the colonial setting, the large, sprawling cities the series is known for were gone, as there were no major cities in America at the time, and with them much of the city parkours, replaced only partially by lengthy and unwelcome sections in nature. The halfnative American protagonist was an odd choice, there were jumps in the storyline as the result of lastminute changes to the game, etc. A complete revamp of the combat system was promised, but it felt very similar and somewhat dated. The modern day story is again quite noticeable and important. Overall, its by many considered to be one of the weakest entries in the series, but again, if youre interested in seeing a rather pretty rendition of that era, it might have some appeal. One aspect was however well received Sea battles, which were transformed into a major gamplay element with the next entry.Black Flag and its standalone DLC Freedom Cry are somewhat of a departure. For the first time, players are not controlling an Assassin. Modern day sections were significantly paired back and now resemble a point and click adventure game. You might almost forget they are there. The writing is sharp, fun and energetic, it looks absolutely stunning at times, especially on the ocean during storms, the soundtrack is probably the best in the series, the map is overflowing with activities. If you are a completionist, then this might be the game that breaks you. There are large cities, caves, jungles, ancient ruins, wrecks, massive boss ships, small islands, treasure maps with corresponding treasures, just so much to do. Ship to ship combat plays a huge role. Its not realistic, but there is a modicum of strategy involved and the final boarding of battered and damaged enemy ships is still one of the most remarkable things Ive ever seen in a videogame. You can climb masts and other parts of every ship just like you can climb buildings and as two ships get close enough to each other, the animation and control system elegantly deals with it. Combat is a bit of a mixed back. I really dont see any progress, but its alright, if too easy most of the time.Next up, theres Rogue. Basically Black Flag again with a slightly different setting, but interestingly, this is the first time the player is seeing the story pan out from the other side of the conflict. This game was meant to be somewhat of a second prize for the old console generation, which did not receive Unity, the next big entry in the series that was developed at the time, but it turned out to be much better reviewed and was later ported to PC. Its really good. If youre looking for more of Black Flag, Rogue does just that.Unity was meant to showcase the power of a new engine on new console hardware, but it did not go as planned. Set during the French revolution in a stunning rendition of 18th century Paris, its easily the most visually impressive game in the series to date, but the visuals and massive crowds the series was always known for large crowds, but Unity turned it up to 11 with sometimes hundreds of characters on screen were too much for consoles and PCs of the time. Hideous glitches, instability and other issues quickly ruined its reputation. Going from the open seas and sea battles to a single, albeit pretty, city location was perceived as a downgrade by many. It didnt help that controls were floaty, the writing undecided and gameplay variation lacking. After many patches and on modern hardware, its perfectly playable now and if you want to explore a beautiful Paris with more detail than pretty much any other open world game, then this is still quite an attractive proposal.