One of the best games ive played for singleplayer,Sometimes i felt drawn and just couldnt leave the game,Its like a book within a book, i love it!It works smooth and looks amazing, the graphic is excellent and the game is highly polished.Goods 1. Huge open world2. Lots to do3. Breathtaking story with layers4. Isles  underwater and more...5. Your character, your ship, your own freaking isle!6. Able to control your fleet remotely from your tablet or android phone even when youre far away from your pc earning you gold for upgrades and a tool to read  listen to videos and game extras when you have time...7. Alot of upgrades for your character, ship and appearance  crafting system and fun every upgrade changes your appearnace i couldnt not notice with what ship you started the game and how it looks like with a full cannon and hull upgrade, its just amazing.8. something i find just pretty in this game  its the idea that this game contains more games inside of it, no game would give the same experience such as sea sailingswimmingstealingfort fighting and boarding ships.Another amazing thing is that the sea sailing that looks great  Wind affects your ship movement, huge sea waves coming from storms, fogs, sun rises or dawns, rain and thunder storms, you even get pulled into a hurrican... theres just too much fun things to do at the game  its not just assassinate peoples on land and get done with it.There is alot of hard work issued in this game to create an unforgettable experience...Lastely the game contains a multiplayer but its way not what i expected  i didnt like it much but its funBads 1. Multiplayer rewards are not working correctly, they have a huge bug, whatever you earn playing multiplayer game just doesnt get into your balance... only one time it happened and i got a reward from a game.2. Abstergo challenges can be really annoying to collect3. Some isles you return to that had no guards on, are now full of them and they are all eager to make you a hard time to collect the isle challenges4. Sometimes you aim to walk in a direction but your character moves otherway...5. A storm arrives at the sea everytime youre in a serious ship fight6. Some missions are just really annoyingWith all said, i recommend to getplay this game its totaly worths its pricemake sure you have a strong pc to take on the challenging graphics and beautiful gameplay scenaryAs i am closing my reviewI Thank the company that created this gameand i thank you for reading my reviewhope you will enjoy playing Assassins Creed IV Black Flag as i did 