So this is my first good AC game I have played so I thought I should write it a nice review.Gameplay 9/10The gameplay is one of the best I have ever seen. The exploration, combat, stealth, looting and more all add up to make an amazing game but not an amazing Assassins Creed game. This is a pirate game disguised as an Assassins Creed game. Mostly all of the game looks exactly like an Assassins Creed game and it would be except you spend so much more time on the open sea than on foot like every other AC game.Price 9/10For 39.99 CAD this game is worth in depending what your gamer profile and preferences are. If you are looking for an AC game. you will get about half of one, mostly because sailing around, exploring and destroying other ships is so much more fun and when you actually do get on land the stealth is okay enaugh but if you are looking for an all around fun exploring game this is most definitelly worth it.FPS 9.5/10You do not need a really beefy computer to run this game at an adequate frame rate but you do need something. This game will not run on an i5 and Intel HD graphics. If you have something close to these I would recommend to get an upgrade. I personally bought this game and could not play it for about 1.5 years until I got an upgrade and then I had immense fun with this amazing game.Setting 10/10This is the most personal part in this review so beware of opinions. This game is set in the west indies in and around 1715 and because of the whole presonality of the game, pirating, so you acually feel like Jack Sparrow but way more brutal. All of this add up to something amazing, the setting of this game.Community 9.5/10There are a whole bunch of useful posts and videos on many different websites and also a bunch of youtubers showing the story and collectibles so this community is quite friendly and nice.The Verdict 9.4/10 or 94This game is an amazing exploring game much like GTA but while it is not a AC game it is basically a 1715 version of GTA V merged with Assassins Creed every now and then. 