Where do i begin with this game, well its pretty damn good and probobly the best Assassins Creed that is out.lets start with what the game does right. The story is top notch. in this AC title you review the memories of Edward Kenway a man who became a pirate to try and become rich to support his family. well on one unfortunate day the ship he was on wrecks and he is stuck whith what you think is an assassin on a beach so you end up cassing said assassin down killing him and taking his outfit and a object to be dilivered to the govoner of Havana. Well turns out that they are templars the assassin that you killed betrayed the assassins and guess what the templars are searching for an object that will give them the power to take over the world. So you gotta kill them and get the object easy enough. Ok well the story might sound a bit dull but trust me its good. Character development is outstanding and there were quite a few twists  and scenes that left me saying  you game in a good way of corse. also you play as an employee for Abstergo to make movies so the templars can find a peice of eden.Gameplay is pretty much the same just with a few diffences wich mostly pertain to naval combat so all of that is good.And finaly the look of the game. The graphics are outsanding. Nice texture quality, reletivly good lighting, and the enviornments were really well done. Also if your pc can handel maxing out water do it cuase it looks really nice.Alright so what are the flaws of this game.Lets start with naval combat. Now dont take this the wrong way, The naval combat is well done but my god if i dont want to do naval combat to grind ship upgrades for the love of god dont put 2 man o wars infront fo a missinon zone as well as a naval fort please. That is probobly the biggest flaw this game has. Like i said naval combat is well done but some people are not fans of naval combat.And then another flaw i have is with the Audio. It seems like there is a bug with rain and your audio settings where once it starts raining Kenway turns into MR. Elephant man and start stomping arround causing all sorts of ear it got tot the point in some parts where i could not stand to have my headset on my neck because of how loud the game got.So  how do i rate this game i give it about a 8 out of 10 and definatly worth your time if you like the AC franchise