This was a big ol game. Too big for its boots and not enough variety, however the effort was there. ACIVBF introduces underwater missions, which were quite thrilling at first but in true Assassins Creed style were massively overused in the end. The Ship battles, by far the most prominent feature in the game, were absolutely great and there were efforts made by the developers to ensure that there was a decentish amount of difficulty in some of them. In all honestly, I expected to be able to sweep the board clean straight off the bat when it came to naval battles, but I was pleasantly surprised to find mygot kicked more than once when tackling bigger targets like legendary ships. You can capture these legendary ships for your fleet which can acquire a great range of both storyrelated items and wealthbuilding necesseities, although the fleet battles are sort of just a dumbed down Xcom/MGS Peacewalker minigame that the player hardly needs to interact with. I cant really criticise them for that though, because if they crammed any more repetitive obligatory submissions in there the game would burst at its seems.The story I found to be surprisingly lacking for a series which has its main attraction in storytelling, and there are some silly bugs in there that, while they dont hinder the players progression, are massive and bizarre and completely ruinous to a persons immersion. How they missed those, I do not know.The combat system theyve changed a little but not in a good way. When the series made the jump from Ezio Auditore to Connor Kenway the protagonist fighting style had become dizzyingly fast and fluid, which was exciting at times. In Black Flag theyve slowed it down slightly to sit somewhere between the two to reflect the weight difference between beefy Edward and slinky Connor. This makes sense to story, but regresses gameplay and I think it was a poor decision.There are many things I do like about ACIVBFThe graphics are superb. Because of its unpredictable patterns of movement, water is notoriously difficult to animate as is fire and smoke and there are plenty of all 3 in this game and they look GREAT.The use of music is topnotch. As a lover of Western folk music and someone who studied it academically I knew a lot of the tunes and they were very obscure and hard to find and there were many gems in there, both seashanties and ballads, that I had never heard before. A staggering amount of care and research went into compiling that music and it results in what is still, years later, the best and most well though out soundtrack I have ever heard in gaming.Another thing I like is that Ubisoft listened to what their fans asked them for. After ACIIIs Naval battles people were clamouring for an Assassins Creed pirate game and Ubisoft delivered. However, I dont know for certain that this game was developed as a reaction to that, but playing it through made me feel that the game was rushed out with very little postproduction care taken. This was the first in the Assassins Creed series to feel like that and the whole series has felt like this since, which is unfortunate.If youre looking for a game about pirates, albeit clunky and a bit loveless this is the one for you. However if youre not bothered about graphics or AAA game status, I would stick to Escape from Monkey Island or Sid Meiers Pirates for a much more rounded game on the whole.