Have you ever wanted to be a pirate?  Then by Poseidons beard by this game right now.  Its a fantastic game that puts you in the wheel of a pirate ship.  Sail up to unsuspecting vessels, fire a broadside up their stern and prepare to board them.  Theres also, like, assassin stuff too.  In all honesty this is a really fun pirate game that has been duct taped to an assassins creed game.  Personally, I wish that Ubisoft had the balls to just make the pirate game they clearly wanted to make without having to cram it into their most popular franchise out of fear that it wouldnt sell otherwise.  Still though, ACs combat system actually works quite well in boarding actions and the climbing/parkour thing makes it lots of fun to climb around on the rigging as well.  But if they had simply made a pirate game standalone I feel like they could have included certain things that are conspicuously missing from this one.  Things likeGrape shot  You can fire chains, two different kinds of round, and even mortars, but theres no grape shot.  Boarding a vessel is the same no matter what you do before hand and theres no ability to use grape shot to reduce the enemy crew and give yourself the advantage.Taking prizes for real  sure you can capture ships and use them in a tedious minigame, but you dont have the ability to take a vessel and then sail it as your own.  I can sort of understand it though as it was a stylistic choice of the game creators.  Instead they chose to have you sail the same ship the whole game and upgrade it, becoming invested in it.  Still though, the first time I captured a manowar I was sad that I didnt get to then sail around in a manowar.Double broadsides  your ship has a broadside on both sides but since you have to look the direction of the broadside you want to fire in order to fire it, you cant fire them both simultaneously.More realistic sailing  again, this one was an understandable choice on the part of the game developers, you have to find your medium between fun and realism and since this is an AC game first and foremost and not Sailing Simulator X they decided to simplify the sailing in the name of cinematics and fun.All that said, this game has a lot going for it.  You really do sail about the wind matters when sailing the weather matters you can attack, fight, and board enemies at will and become the scourge of the carribean you meet historical pirates in game and so on.  Also assassin stuff.  I give it an 8/10 because in spite of my gripes above Ive had way too much fun playing this game and yelling Fire broadsides!.