WARNING SPOILERS ARE INCLUDEDI usually make stupid reviews like my Dying Light review, but this game deserves a legitimate one.STORYSummary You play as Edward Kenway, who is a pirate the kills a traitor assassin in order to get his robes and attempt to get a money reward from the Templars by being the betraying assassin. When the Templars find out that you are a fraud, they arrest you and throw you into a naval convoy with many slaves. Among those slaves is Adewale, who become your Quartermaster when you steal one of the ships and escape the convoy. For the rest of the game, you are a pirateassassin who actually isnt an assassin, and the Templars think your dead. For a while.Review The story of the game is really good in my opinion. There were many emotional parts that almost brought me to tears, and DID bring some people to it. We eventually see Kenway evolving from a savage pirate who couldnt care less about others, to realizing his mistakes and he desperately tries to right his wrong. But only after pretty much everyone he ever cares about died.STEALTHHas the original ways of hiding bushes, crowds, ect. but it also adds in two new ones. It adds pirate bodyguards, and dancers. You can send the bodyguards out to fight enemies, and while they are distracted you could slip past. Dancers were actually made for stealth, were as bodyguards could be used for it. Dancers can be sent to distract enemies, while they do that you walk right on past.Review I personally like this kind of stealth because it has the ability to do the bush dodge around the corner. I could explain what that is, but it would take a while, so MOVING ON.FIGHTINGThis is the last game of the franchise, not including sidegames such as AC Rogue Which is also a good game, to feature this type of combat. Unity and higher, which is so far Syndicate, have featured the new type which makes fighting more difficult. Unity took it to far by pretty much making invincible enemies. Unity, and Syndicate, have the type with the bar above the enemies that trun gold when it is best to counter. Black Flag has the type where u can kill hordes of enemies by spamming a button.Review This is my favorite type of combat, because I found that if u counter an enemy, then as long as other enemies are highlighted, and you are pressing the attack button while holding one of the keys to move, you will automatically go over to the highlighted enemy, and oneshot him. So if you are surrounded by enemies, counter and kill one of them, just hold a move key and spam the attack button the entire fight. Works on everybody except Captains, and Brutes.PARKOURThis is also apart of the AC Classics. Unity and Syndicate made the parkour more difficult and slower, but Black Flag has the unrealistically fast climbing. Which isnt fast, but its still faster then reality. They may have given Unity more parkour moves that make you look like a beast if you do them right, but I would rather get to where I am trying to go, then I would do a ton of flips in the same place and not go anywhere....... Unity.Review This Parkour is also one of the AC Classics that Black Flag managed to be the last AC game with Other then sidegames again. This is also one of the AC Classics that I prefer above the new types that they used in Unity and Syndicate.TOTAL REVIEW Greatest Assassins Creed game so far. Fantastic combat, parkour, story, gameplay, and graphics. I may have only put 34.8 hours on the Steam game, but I put many months on my Xbox 360 one. If you dont own this game already I would have to ask why, then I would yell at you and demand that you get it. 