With AC IV Ubsisoft masters the art of mass appeal gaming in a spectacular open world. Unfortunately,  its game play is as shallow as its world is vast, and its mechanics are pathetically anemic for an annualized franchise. Im writing this review after having completd only about half of the main story, because Im debating whether or not to continue. After 20 or so hours the aspects of the game that were initally fun have beocme boring and repetive, and its shortcoming are a constant source of frustration. Quite simply, the game is no longer fun to play.Graphics quality is good. The story is decent, although it unfolds most through cutscenes and linear missions. Combat is the same braindead block and parry nonsense that got old in the original Assassins Creed. Free run as glitchy as ever, and quite often freely decides to move in a direction that defies all logic, often resulting in a spectacular plummet from heights that took several minutes of diligent manuerving to achieve. Stealth is even more poorly implemented. Autostealth zones are a poor mans stealth mechanic, and AC IV continues to use them liberally. The combination of simplsitic stealth and imprecise movement is a recipe for frustration. Many times I have been hangling from a ledge with a guard patrolling above, waiting for the pricise moment to pounce... When suddenly I jump up right in front of him no apparent reason, triggering an alarm and failing the segment. Such fundamental flaws are unforgivable after a half dozen or so AC release iterations.In all fairness, resource gathering and crafting is greatly improved. Sea battles are the source of raw materials for upgrading your ship, and upgrades are a neccesity to defeat stronger vessels. But even then, sailing around the world plays out like a singleplayer MMO. Enemy ships are everywhere, so you must contantly engage in battle to get anywhere. Ship battles are fun for the most part, but do get reptitive after sinking a couple hundred foes. But grinding is required if you to obtain enough upgrades to take on legendary ships.There are quite a few other activities as well, like hunting and finding misc. collecetibles and treasure. But the appeal of those diversions eventually wears thin as well. There are also a few outofanimus experiences thrown for good measure. They are so linear, slow, and dull then when given the chance of hacking a computer or jumping off a building, I was dismayed to learn suicide was not actually an option. Which was unfortunate becuase the hacking minigame made me want to kill myslef in real life.So, Im debating whether or not to continue my pirate adventure. Ive actually put it away a couple times already, then decided it deserved more of a chance. I really want to like this game. It presents a world full of potential. Unfortunatetly, my voyages in AC IV seem to ultimately ground themelves on the rocks of shallow, glitchy game play and missed opportunity. So, to save others the same frustrations it gets a thumbs down from me. 