What can I say to compliment this game in a way that wont be selfevident when you play? This is one of the most beautiful, enjoyable games Ive ever seen. Even down to the open sea hunting. Ive had the dubious pleasure of swimming with hammerhead sharks IRL, and the designers captured the way they move and swim so realistically, I felt a moment of adrenaline while trying to harpoon one. It moved just like ones in real life. So awesome. Everything is wonderful this way  the oceans, the combat, the scenery.Ive heard people complain about it lacking the kind of purity of gameplay of previous AC instalments, due to the piracy subject matter and the shiptoship combat. Those kinds of concerns are plainly laughable this is classic AC plus. Nothing you appreciated from earlier versions is missing. On the contrary, the diversity of environments only enhances what might have become repetitive about previous versions. The combat style of the assassins seem so much more brilliant having to use vehicles and machinery. The same old find area, climb building, drop down and kill is dramatically reduced. I cant just walk around holding the counter, waiting to hit the I win button in every fight. Some enemies are too hard to counter, and you have to break their defences while being attacked from all sides. I have to be aware of the battlefield, and make use of my shipmates in combat. I can win by boarding the enemy ship and jumping into the fray, or by sneaking across the rigging of my own ship, or by just sniping objectives from my own rigging.While some things were a bit cheese, like enemy scouts one shotting you down to the deck when you use a lift to reach their platforms, the glitches seemed to cut both ways. In fact, some missions or objectives seemed almost to rely on them as if the devs wanted you to glitch your way to victory. For example, if you disable a ship, then swim over to it instead of boarding it normally, you can kill the crew without having to fight endlessly spawning enemies. Even the scout snipers behaviour is less aggressive this way, and you can use a lift to reach them and get behind the back kills. Doing it normally, their aggro behaviour would be far more aggressive. All things considered, if you want to sacrifice the extra time to do it this way, it almost seems like a fair trade off. Some Man o Wars can be found moored with their rigging up, and can be taken solo long before the Jackdaw is capable of capturing them in battle.Choices are the spice of life  coming up with my own way to achieve victory is thrilling! Thank you, Ubisoft, for having enough respect for my intelligence to let me find my own way to win. You have no idea how refreshing that is these days.Definitely take your time to enjoy this game the proper way. Dont race through the main storyline. Try to finish all the side missions, go after all the special outfits and armour sets, the pistol rewards from the naval missions, etc., then worry about completing the storyline.The very best missions, hands down, were the ones that involved elaborate, nailbiting chases. Like Sequence 6, Memory 3  if they could make a whole game like that particular memory Id die of joy. Often, side missions were far more entertaining than main missions, like Templar Hunt 4 mission 3 where you escort a drunk. So hilarious.Not wanting to sound the gushing fanboy, I do have criticisms. I really appreciated the challenge of the legendary ship battles even Impoluto, that likes to defy physics and jump out of the water just to teach you your place, petty inferior human AI, but mourned the fact that I have no legendary ships left to use the ram charge ability on. After all the legendary ships are dead, and you can oneshot most manowars with the reward, the ship combat is over. Theres nothing to go after at that point, nothing worth upgrading the Jackdaw for unless you feel OCD.I suppose I do have a complaint in that respect the best weapons and armour were by no means overpowered enough to have them become available so late in the game. The rope darts for example, why couldnt we enjoy that until the very final sequences of the main storyline? What a shame to have played nearly the entire game, and then get this ability or item, only to have nothing left to use it on. Maybe the devs assumed I would use it to go do the side missions with after the main was done, but what point is there in doing those if the reward of the side missions is the best gear you only have an incentive to acquire to do the main missions with?You can gather more than enough money and resources to fully upgrade the ship before the final sequences, but get told prerequisite  this upgrade is available later in the main storyline. I assume this artificial block on abilities is meant to prevent me from becoming so OP that there is no challenge in the later missions. I imagine balancing gear with a challenging main storyline is difficult, and I dont want to complain too much. I will limit my complaint to saying that I actually found grinding to improve my ship enjoyable I anticipated not liking it so much, but being a pirate is really fun. I just wish their was more chance to choose moving ahead in the game by piracy, rather than being told go do more ninja now.Why not write missions where I use piracy to get information, instead of tailing people with cheesy arbitrary ways to fail? Id rather attack a fort or take down a really hard convoy to get the info the storyline wants me to have.If I had to limit myself to one major complaint, it would have to be the excessive reliance on tail this guy or eavesdrop on this conversation style missions. These get obnoxious fast, especially when you realize how limited you are in creatively solving these challenges. It puts drag on the composition of the characters and story too, because it feels like everything is being shoehorned into a stealth mission just because. It felt like Deus ex Machina sometimes, being told I will get full synchronization for assassinating the diplomat from a haystack, but the only haystack on his path is in a restricted area between four guards. Somehow, they just magically dont notice this notsostealth slaughter, but catch whiff of me from a football field away if I try anything else. We just jump to a cutscene, and magically Im standing at the gate of a party. Didnt have to kill the guy for his clothes then successfully escape. It feels unnatural for a game so focused on combat and stealth, to just shuffle me along a storyline and rewarding me for not fighting or for only being stealthy to a point then abandoning that emphasis. Even punishing me for these things.If the point here is to minimize combat, or make players think outside the box, running fights are definitely the better way to go than boilerplate tail someone without being noticed drudgery. Theres just as much reliance on timing and spacial awareness during a fighting chase as during a tail someone without being seen, and feels more believable. Its more fun being able to recover from being detected than it is to have to wait through loading screens because I didnt use some boring sniper trick or environment exploit to kill or tail a guy without been noticed.Introduce stealth, brute force, piracy as options, but leave it to the player to decide which way to skin the cat imho.Overall 9/10. Buy this game. You wont regret it. Cheers. 