Let me put this first, I tried really hard to love this game I clocked a ton of time on it when I was on vacation but every hour I played was a struggle to continue as of writing this I havent finished the game and after a particular mission that just dragged on I said screw it and probably wont be going back its just not fun anymore.Now with that being said I have a lot of friends who love the AC series and I used to be one of them when it was still in its infancy. But starting with Revelation it lost that spark of greatness it had. When you first had Altair and you ran up your first wall it was amazing something completely different from anything else on the market something alien to the usual open world game, here was a world fully populated with milling people beggars, children, the women and it felt alive they were more than just obstacles to run around they gave the cities you visited life.And then you took control of Ezio Auditore da Firenze and the game changed again and for the better. The cities that were once backgrounds to the the story became the story the villains were truly imposing figures people who you could equally understand and hate for their hand in what was happening. Nothing felt ham handed everything had a purpose even the subplot missions to give you more of Ezios life story always felt relevant and made me want to know more. I wanted nothing more than to run around the cities and find new ways of moving. Just to view some of the greatest cities in history during the height of their power. The colors the people it felt so real like you were actually there, that you could truly imagine the city acting the way it did. Yes there were some silly moments still that seemed weird but never anything so jarring to tear you out of the awe you felt while playing.But that magic was gone for me when revelation came out. Yes it was still a good game and there were still some neat things done with it and I would still argue that it was one of the golden age AC games but it was also the weakest in my opinion. I never felt the awe I did in venice I never felt any motivation to explore like I did in Rome, I logged so much of my time in Brotherhood doing nothing more than running around the city making it mine, yet Revelation never wanted that from me. I cant even remember who the villains were for Revelation yea sure the Templars are still the over all bad guy but i cant stab an idea like I can stab a Borgia. After brotherhood the villains were all generic I never felt like my acts influenced history the way they did before there were no awe inspiring moments, like as Altair fighting in front of the King or the actual surprise I had at having to confront your mentor and unraveling that story. Moments like Ezio being awoken to his home being attacked by the Borgias he had thought hed defeated only to lose his uncle Mario or the final climb to find the last Borgia and ending it. After those moments I couldnt tell you one awesome moment from Revelation and AC3 I had more fun hunting animals than people. And the cities stopped feeling alive, the people stopped being anything more than an irritant like a group of flies bothering me. My weapons which for Ezio was all about the assassins gauntlet stopped being special and felt like just another tool nothing more. With Conner or Edward more often than not I asked myself why do I even care to try to assassinate anyone when I can just charge in with my big weapon have a small group fight and feel no repercussions. Sure you could do the same with Ezio youd argue but it actually felt like an option with equal merit to stealth. I felt like an assassin with Ezio I felt like a brawler with a chip on his shoulder with Conner and Edward.I know people gave Desmond a lot of crap during the first few games but by revelation I loved playing as him it felt like he was actually on his way to becoming a full fledged assassin like Ezio was in times past, it actually felt like a story being told inception style which was awesome. now youre just some randomwith no name and no face and even less personality, and yet I still have more fun playing no name than I do actually playing the assassin of the week for whatever AC game im on.The magic is gone from AC as an assassin I dont matter, you could take me out of the story and replace me with whoever and no one would care. I miss you Assassins Creed you were once a Shining example of what breaking the mold looked like now youre just another cookie cutter game that doesnt stand out. 