Forward Ive been playing this game in offline mode so my hours havent been officially logged, but Ive probably put close to 3040 hours in at the time of this review.This game competes for the best Assassins Creed title to date since AC II. And AC II is in my top 10 games of the past 20 years.First off, the gameplay. This game definitely take a bit of a change from the AC titles of old that put emphasis ish on stealth. Youre a pirate with two swords. And four pistols. And a lot of other tools in your arsenal. If theres no stealth bonus for the particular mission youre playing, or the game doesnt require you to stay hidden, its actually to your advantage to go in guns blazing and swords flashing. Youll get the job done quicker and if youre even moderately okay at countering enemy attacks, its possible to get through the entire game without taking a single point of damage to Edward. Pretty cool. The kill animations are also pretty satisfying, so bonus for that too.The climbing animations are fantastic as well. Scaling tall buildings in mere seconds has never felt so good. That 5 story church tower over there? You can climb it in probably 6 seconds. Edward climbs fast, and his agility is definitely a focal point of his animations.The story. I havent finished it yet, but I think Im probably 80ish percent done. The story is probably the second best part of this game. As is ACs trademark, there are famous people integrated quite well, and you can actually develop feelings towards these different characters, including Edward. Without saying much, it is a long story in comparison to the previous AC titles because of.....The sailing. The naval mechanics of this game are EXTREMELY well done. This alone could have sold this game. The camera angles look good and arent crazy, and changing the angle is as simple as can be. The ship you sail on, the Jackdaw, comes with plenty of weapons too, and changing which weapon you fire is as simple as changing the camera angle. The story takes so long because its absolutely essential you upgrade your ship to progress. Edward upgrades come last unless its crafting. Those dont cost reales, Jackdaw upgrades are hugely important.Basically, 9.5/10