Every year Ubisoft Montreal releases angame, and every year they have to address concerns that one year isnt long enough to fully flesh out an engaging, detailed open world it isnt. The goto excuse made by Ubisoft PR is that they operate with individual groups of developers and stagger the development cycle in essence, they usually have people working on the next game before the previous one is released. This is probably at least partially true. However, it does little to explain howis narratively and mechanically a blatant reactionary piece to criticisms of 2012s. The previous game, which centred on a native American Assassins quest for revenge against the backdrop of the American revolutionary war, was criticised for taking too long to actually get into the core story and gameplay, soliterally opens with you in the midst of a naval battle during a storm and quickly opens up the sandbox to players.s protagonist, Connor, drew criticism for being too much of an obnoxious, onedimensional littleto be in any way entertaining, sos lead  Connors grandfather, the pirate Edward Kenway  is a roguish, fun neerdowell with no allegiance but his lust for riches.Most significantly the games setting draws from the sole item of praise many of us had for the naval combat. Moving the entire game from big cities to the high seas is a long shot for a series that  despite its staleness  more or less stuck to a formula that worked well enough to rake in annual millions, and thank god for that. The result of this long shot is the bestto date at least the best in a ing long time. It doesnt play anything like what the franchise traditionally does, which is more or less the reason its so good. In fact, the times when Black Flag does the standardthings tailing people on foot, handtohand combat, arbitrarily tracking down dozens of icons that do nothing but clutter the map, tailing people in a boat are the times when its the least enjoyable who thought it was a good idea to do stealth sections while still in your ship?. Aside from a new focus on naval combat and boarding enemy ships, there are a few extra tools that make the onfoot stealth a lot more palatable than it has been in any previous Assassins Creed game. Stalking zones, the patches of tall grass and foliage you could use as a hiding spot inare more abundant in Black Flags stealth missions, and there are extra tools that let you actually take down enemies silently. Wherewould have given you a game over for being spotted,usually just takes away an extra reward that you could have gotten for remaining hidden. As a result the assassination missions are actually a lot more fun. Theyre still not the sandboxy choose your own adventure missions they pretend to be, but they certainly encourage more approaches than previous titles. Obviously because itsthe best way to approach stealth segments is to not bother and rush in with guns out, but this is discouraged through the placement of alarm bells which, if rung, summon more enemies to join the fight. This is a pretty poor deterrent, however, as the combat is virtually unchanged from, that is to say you can still fight off huge amounts of enemies with no difficulty whatsoever. I guess you have to take baby steps when youre making one of the most popular franchises in video games with what is presumably one of the highest budgets in video games.Further dragging down the mood is the return of the modern day framing plot. The issue here is of course that series protagonist Desmond Miles ing carked it at the end ofin a natural ending to the franchise. Nobody thought Ubisoft would drop the franchise, but we were all hoping deep down that they would drop the modern day plot. At the very least let it have actual gameplay like most of the previous games more or less did less. Instead, an action game predominantly about a magical pirate treasure hunt  is framed by a plot in which you are an office worker searching through a pirates memories to find usable footage for a video game developed by Ubisoft. In the ing game universe. Youre pulled out of the action about 4 times to walk around the building of Abstergo Entertainment they literally admit its Ubisoft in this one and look follow waypoints in super lowFOV first person. You can optionally leave your Animus at any time to search for little sticky notes and other fun collectibles, but why the  would you? Nothing that happens in the 2014 portion of this story matters. Nothing you do in these gameplay sections is fun you hack into computers by playing Frogger. The weird bookending is pretty out of place withins actual story, which essentially plays out like Raiders of the Lost Ark with pirates, plus it gets weirdly tangential. The hunt for the First Civilisation Observatory works really well with Kenways arc, wherein his motivation shifts away from selling the location to the highest bidder and towards keeping it out of the hands of the Templars, represented herein by the reallife governor of Havana and his gang of wannabe Big Brothers. There are a few too many tacked on subplots that pander more to pirate tropes marooned on an island, girl dressed as a boy, numerous searches for buried treasure than any obligation to the overarching story, but its a fun plot with actual characters for once, which is more than could be expected.Black Flag is a fun game in a lot of ways. The naval world map consists of a couple of major land masses Cuba, Jamaica, the Cayman Islands etc. with little ports and fishing downs along the coastlines, as well as the games least interesting locations  the 3 major cities of Kingston, Havana and Nassau. The weird thing about Black Flags open world is that its actually close to being as seamless as the E3 presentations made it seem you actually can just hop on and off your ship most of the time. There are no loading screens outside the major cities and story missions, and most locations have something to do thats actually fun. Having finished all the meaningful content everything except the random chests and little balls of light its safe to say that Black Flag is more or less carried by the naval gameplay. Boarding enemy ships is great, jumping from one to the other with all the smoke everywhere is super atmospheric, cannons feel powerful and taken down galleons the games most powerful class of ship is such a great time thanks to the sheer height of the things you have to climb up the side of them to reach their deck from yours. Upgrading Kenways ship the Jackdaw also feels a lot more intuitive than anything of the sort did inalthough the Kenways Fleet metagame is a weirdly tacked on way to earn extra cash. Its also tied to your Uplay account so if you go for another playthrough you wont have to worry about money, which ruins the progression system.In spite of all theishness,stands up as a competent game that actually makes use of its open world as something that supplements the gameplay instead of theapproach of just adding some extra travel between missions. Above all,injects life and actual enjoyment back into a floundering franchise thats basically been treading water since the end of. I dont know if theres a piratey way to say this that would make me seem cooler and more trendy, butis a ing good game.Actually that probably is how a pirate would say it if they played it.