This is my first Assasins Creed game. I have had one eye on the franchise for some time but never really felt myself get drawn in by what most of the assasin series seemed to offer. This time was different. I read the game description and saw the two words pirate and sandbox stand out to me. I thought to myself yeah this game is in the steam sale bugger it,  im definitely trying this outWhen i first started playing the game the story at the start seems a little too linear and i thought oh no another crappy purchase. But then the whole game changes when you start into your adventure and get your own ship. Its only at this point that the game really starts to come into its own.So what can you do in game ? You can attack other ships on the waves using naval combat techniques utilising all the weapons of the era at your disposal , you have the option to upgrade your ship to have a more varied arsenal and make it more durable to withstand more damage,  you can also explore the massive ocean in game which has lots of islands and individual mini storylines dottted throughout the game as well as the main questline to play through. Dive wrecks in a diving bell looking for sunken treasure , harpoon whales and sharks from the small rowboat on your ship , take out assasination missions , take down royal frigates and their escorts, search for booty on remote islands, take part in gambling minigames.Break into smuggler caves and rob them of their ill gotten riches. Anything that you can think of that is piratey and its in here for you to do.I paid just over 20 for this game in the steam sale and i feel like i ripped them offive only invested about two days worth of gaming into this game so farand im only 11 into the game. So much game for the moneyProsfeature rich beautiful open game world to explore by land and by shipgreat combat and very atmosphericmassive game with lots of small meta games and story lines as well as the main quest lineConssometimes when running about on missions or chasing a enemy you will accidentally run up walls parkour style. You will see what i mean when you play the game. But this is a very small issue and not a big deal when you consider how good the game is.TLDR  EPIC pirate sandbox game andwell well worth the money i spent on it 