PREFACE / GENERAL INFORMATIONThe following paragraphs will contain the impressions that I had with this particular iteration of the series   25 hours in with  50 completion  current progress at the beginning of sequence 6 of 12 . Since this is of course my subjective opinion it focuses on the things that I think to be the enjoyable parts of the game  these might differ from yours  so take these with a grain of salt.In this game the focus has shifted from a more landbased gameplay to a more navalbased gameplay. You get to control your own ship  just like in AC3  but this time around youll be using it to get from port A to port B, discover new islands, plunder smuggler coves, sink enemy ships and generally move around the waves of the ocean for anything shiny.LANDBASED GAMEPLAYThat doesnt say that the landbased gameplay isnt there  because it is. However not a lot has changed here. The combat is still as much a reaction game as it was before, you still discover viewpoints for the revelation of territory and collectibles and you still sneak around assassinating people. Sneaking / stealth is the way I play and I find it to the most rewarding playstyle personally, even though the AI seems to be as nonobservant as before. Taking out enemies stealthily is quite easy normally. You can also sabotage enemy alarms to prevent enemies from calling reinforcements. Poor play, i.e. going for more combat than stealth, is punished a bit more  because of the alarms  than in the predecessors. While I agree that the series has the same mechanics for a while now, it doesnt necessarily mean its a bad thing. Having a solid foundation of a gameplay structure is definitely better than changing the entire core mechanics and then having the game not be up to the standard of the series other iterations. The most exotic weapons that are carried over from the previous games are the blowdarts  which either enrage or put enemies to sleep. So Id say the landbased gameplay is as much as you would expect from an Assassins Creed game  still a very good, solid base of a game.NAVALBASED GAMEPLAYThe navalbased gameplay on the other hand has been much improved from AC3. You have more weapons to choose from ranging from the standard broadside cannons to the mortar. You can fight ships of all sizes from the smallest gunboats to the biggest ships in the enemies navy  the Man OWars. Moreover you can now board the ships and take them as your own, building up your own fleet in the process. Boarding the ships normally means killing off a specific amount of enemy crew until they surrender. This is all done in typical pirate manner. You can either shoot the enemy with your shivel guns, use your own firearm or swing over via rope and use handtohand combat. When boarding you will collect all the ships cargo as your own which you then can invest into upgrading your own ship. For the ship itself three different travelling speeds are available which range from slow to a nonwinddependant speed. Crew quarters, sails, cargo storage, weapons, armor and much more is available to you for upgrades and those require a great deal of resources  money included. You can also use a dive bell from your ship to search old ship wreckages for treasures  but beware of sharks and other underwater creatures. There are also enemy forts placed around the ocean that you can bombard with your cannons or your mortar. The mission is to eliminate the enemy officer and thus secure the fortress for your own purposes. So youll see there is a ton to do here  including a not really fleshed out minigame where you build up your own fleet, fight simplified battles and assign missions around the world for your ships to complete.COLLECTIBLESCollectibles in this game can be found as far as your eyes can see. There are animus fragments, manuscript pages, mayan keystones, templar keys, treasure chests, bottles, sea shanties and treasure maps each for their own reward or ingame background information.MAIN STORYThat brings me to the real world part this time. I am a  yet  nameless employee of Abstergo and do my research there about Edward Kenway by going into the animus. Thats not the only part though. You will be given the possibility to crack mini puzzles and complete mini games in order to unlock information  for example about Desmond Miles past. You can move around as freely as expected in the office areas while certain areas are sealed off at the beginning with higher security clearance which are seemingly unlocked as you play more of Edwards adventures. Edwards main story surrounds his life as a pirate, his adventures if you will. On his adventure hes making friends and enemies alike. The war of templars and assassins not as intensely felt  yet  as in previous installments though. While the overarching story talks about the discovery of the socalled observatory I have yet to find any solid evidence on what it actually is. My guess  it has to do with the ever present piece of the Apple of Eden but that has to be revealed yet. Up to this point the game has introduced me step by step with new mechanics mainly in memories 1 and 2 in each sequence. I find this to be a good pace since it does not overwhelm me with a thousand things at a time. Even new players to the series will have the benefit of enjoying the content gradually with the help of these small tutorials. A small notice here though  the game does not babysit the player. Between every memory you are free to do whatever you want  though particular side activities do require main story progress  like the diving bell .TECHNICAL ASPECTS / CONTROLSThe graphical assets of the game look exceptionally fancy  if your hardware supports it , while the music and sounds in this game are beautifully crafted. Since AC2 Ive been waiting for an exceptional soundtrack. AC3 disappointed me a bit in that regard. In this game though the music is really good and fits the pirate theme perfectly.Controls have been changed a bit  surprisingly. I was used to play with Spacebar for Freerun mode for example on mouse  keyboard  why it was changed to Shift as a standard option I do not know. It still suffers the samekeyfordifferentfunction syndrome which have been present throughout the series though. Because of this you can sometimes run up walls / climb if you actually didnt wish to do so. Other than this though Id consider the controls adequate  not perfect by any stretch.SUMMARY  THE GOOD / THE BAD / THE MEDIOCREPositive Naval combat is great and is quite enjoyable Lots of collectibles for ingame rewards / information / backstory Lots of exploration with the ship and a lot to find / discover Sneaking / Stealth is still very satisfying Sea shanties / Music provide a very good background sound installment for your enjoyment while on the seaMediocre Land combat is still more of a reaction game than actual fighting Travel distances can be quite formidable and long Tacked on Kenways Fleet minigame that feels a bit tacked on and lackluster Abstergo part has some merits with the background story of Desmond MilesNegative The controls arent the best for mouse  keyboard  probably better with a gamepad  The prologue for becoming an assassin is in my honest opinion not handled very well Abstergo part does not contribute much in the sense of the main story line and the person you control stays quite a blank up to this point because of no name and no genderAll in all Id say this is the best in the Assassins Creed series since AC2 and Brotherhood  both of which I enjoyed immensely. I am enjoying this game because of its vast size and exploration. Travelling by sea, boarding ships and hunting for treasures is something I enjoy a lot and I can recommend this game to whoever loves exploring and feeling a breeze blow through your  video game  hair. 