Yeargh!I had high expectations for this game after all the positive things I had heard about it. Though I know all too well that sometimes those things that alot of people think is great, to me, are far less so. Assassins Creed 4 Black Flag is... not one of those cases. This game is awesome. Period.It helps considerably that Black Flag shakes up the AC series which was in desperate need of something new and fresh. AC2 and ACB were awesome, but ACR added little new and AC3 seemed to have forgotten it was a game series that does killing better than managing a homestead. About the only interesting thing AC3 did was add some naval missions, which was a first for the series and ended up being the highlight of that game for me.And it only got better in Black Flag, as it had better considering this game centers around the Golden Age of Piracy in the early 1700s. A time when the Spanish Empire was still strong in the Americas, but the British were fast becoming dominant as well. As usual, you meet a fair number of historical figures here, and this time its a more colorful cast for obvious reasons. Your main character, Edward Kenway, is a Welsh pirate who, in his desire for wealth and to support a family back home, decides to venture to the Caribbean to seek his fortune. As far as AC protagonists go for me, Edward is a close second to Ezio as being characters that I really like, being much more interesting than his grandson Connor from AC3 ever was.Story and characters are good here, but its gameplay that makes this great. Black Flag is, in essence, everything you could ever want in a pirate game. Lots of rum, buried treasure, fights, and, most of all, sailing around in a huge open map able to attack and plunder as you please. As far as sandbox games go, there are two types the kind that have giant interesting open worlds that I can explore for hours without getting bored Fallout 3, Skyrim, most of the Saints Row games, and others that end up leading me to just play the main missions because I see little reason to go exploring Oblivion, Sleeping Dogs, some previous AC games. Black Flag is the former. I spent so much time just wandering about that I had to force myself to do story missions because I would otherwise never finish the game.Oh, and one highlight worth mentioning money is actually useful in this game. Unlike past AC games where you used cash to do some management thing or improve your house, you need mountains of cash to improve your ship, which only encourages you further to roam the open world causing mayhem. I hope future AC games take this approach because renovating shops or doing trade is at odds with the action gameplay, and using the cash to further the gameplay you actually do is good.This game isnt perfect though. The story missions are decent, but too often involve tailing missions where you have to follow some tosser without being spotted. A few are ok, but they seem more common in this game than in past AC games. And compared to the glory that is open world pirate action, following some tosser through the streets of Havana or Kingston is completely uninteresting. I also had a few bugs and one crash, but this is hardly the most unstable game ive ever played. My new monster PC ran this game great on max settings, but for others it may be a different story. Lastly I can do without the hunting and whaling stuff, if only because I dont like killing huggly animals. Except sharks.  sharks. Also  Uplay for simply existing. And having achievements separate from Steam ones.Anyways, this game is awesome. It might even be the best AC game ive played. Its certainly comparable to AC2 and ACB. For those who saw the series stagnate after those games, Black Flag is a sign that there is still life in this franchise, and that maybe there are more great games to come from it. We shall see. oYeargh...