The story  Im still fairly early in the game maybe 20 of the way through? and its kinda hilarious so far. Not goofy or comedic hilarious, just its really funny when you reflect on whats actually going on compared to the other games. Where in the other games every bit of plot only contributed more this is for serious must save the world to the plot. This one is very piratey.Just...piratey.Its better not to explain it.Thus far it truly truly IS Pirates Creed.Modern storyline  No Desmond. The modern storyline is very barely there. it doesnt drag on and on. And its meta hilarious.The whole thing is set in Abstergo Entertainment, which is pretty clearly a parody of UbiSoft Montreal, in a dream building where UbiSoft Montreals employees clearly wish they really worked. The attempt to make a super hightech game development office environment only makes it almost painfully pretentious and French, which just adds to the comedy.You only have to get out of the Animus for super short bits of time, and then go right back in.The world is roughly 1000x better than Assassins Creed 3s.Hell, Id say its probably the best world since Assassins Creed 2 it gets a bit apples and orangesy to compare Renaissance Italy and the piratey Caribbean.You never ever feel bored. Theres a constant avalanche of stuff to do, and I havent even gotten far enough in the story to unlock all the things there are to do yet I havent gone harpooning or diving yet.The cities are much more like Florence and Venice, and freerunning like a complete maniac through the city is back to being your primary mode of travel in cities.The jungles are pretty much the nicest ones Ive seen in any game, and that pretty much goes for the whole rest of the world too. I can just get lost in staring at my ship sailing at full speed, and watching the blue green waves.It seems like they rebalanced the game back where it needs to be.Took away the completely OP rapidfiring onehitstealth killing bow and crossbow and Brotherhood that made the game stupidly easy.It seems like they nerfed Edward back down to Assassins Creed 2 Ezios power levels, which is COMPLETELY a good thing.The combat seems like its actually pretty hard and not just complete easy mode the way it was in ACR and AC3....but that could be me sucking with the MK...The naval combat is like AC3s except pretty much better in every way. Tons of ship upgrades, floatsam to collect, shipwrecked sailors to rescue, cargo to collect and sell. Boarding actions are now a natural organic part of regular naval warfare.Its pretty glorious....and can be hard as balls if you pick the wrong fight.Pirate hunters and whole imperial fleets will just mess you up.They got rid of all that stupid cargo caravan trading crap from AC3. Now all the animals you hunt and cargo you steal/salvage is used to craft upgrades or is sold directly.They tossed out the lame AC3 system of only unlocking new weapons and basically never upgrading anything, and went back to something a closer to the old system.You dont buy separate upgraded greaves, braces, and armor now, but you CAN upgrade your whole armor set by hunting down the animals needed to get the required materials.Unlike all assassins before him, tailors dont just dye Edwards robes different colors, instead, every color is a unique set of duds or major addition to Edwards robes. Ive got a big red Spanish nobility cloak on over my robes, for example.You can also upgrade the Jackdaw your ship functionally and cosmetically.Basically thats what Ive seen so far, and Im aware of numerous other aspects of the game that I havent even unlocked yet.The music is good again!Not quite Assassins Creed 2s super fantastic music, but pretty great.Instead of those stupid papers you ran around catching for Ben Franklin in AC3, now you run around catching new sea shanties for your crew to sing.The whole game is pretty awesome.It may be the first AC game to be on AC2s level. I cant be sure until I beat it though.