I havent played Assassins Creed since the first title.I happened to be one of the unlucky few who got a locked game from release day, with the game freezing and save corrupting when you get to the first assassination. I think it was a demo.No matter, I sold that game and never touched the titles again. Until now.Assassins Creed 2 didnt catch my eye enough for a buy, and the next Khorne knows how many games based on Ezio I also stayed away from.It was a personal preference, nothing about them interested me.Assassins Creed 3 came around, and it was different. I didnt buy it until after playing this game.Enter Assassins Creed IV  Black FlagYOURE A PIRATE! AND YOURE NOT A JACK SPARROW CLONE!!?!??!What is this heresy?This heresy is possibly one of the best hack and slashes Behind Dynasty Warriors, my childhood gameAnd it allows me to do the one thing I had for the most part only been able to do in RTS games  Naval combat.Breakdown Its alright.Story  I saw a lot of reviews complaining about the story, but then again, most people who complain about stories probably couldnt tell a well written Broadway from a Hollywood blockbuster.At first, I was going to say the story was often slow. I didnt realize how well they had worked the story for this reaction.At the beginning of the game, youre a Pirate, being a Pirate. Which involves killing people, stealing their identities, and sneaking into their meetings only to be discovered because at the end of the day, youre still a pirate.This point is driven home throughout the beginning and middle of the story, and occasionally at the end.Near the middle of the story, if youre anything like me, youre going to start getting tired of Captain Kenways sh!t, reflecting what he himself is actually feeling, if youre smart enough to follow the story.When the climax finally hits and Kenway gets his books together for the finals, things start becoming exceedingly emotional. If you fail to be effected by the ending sequence, then your morals will be in need of severe reattaching.The story gets a 9/10 for its masterful writing and execution, with 1 point deducted because of what happens in the prison escape sequence.s.Gameplay Animations  Perhaps one of the most disappointing things was probably one of the smallest in the game  Weapon animations. When you press X, or whatever button on the keyboard it is for you to pull your weapons you, you should do a flourish. Instead you literally shrug. I know that there was supposed to be an animation there, because of the sound the swords make. Its a fast, sharp sound, air being cut. But you just shrug. Thats so incredibly lazy, especially since it was never addressed. Other than that the animations are smooth and silky, with the brutal executions taking the forefront, as expected. Animations 7/10  That lack of a flourish really bothers me.Weapon Selection  Is lacking. Having played Assassins Creed 3, and seeing all of the weapons offered to our Native grandchild, and comparing it to 5 or 6 models of rapier that Kenway gets. Well... Disappointing. A bow and pistols for the Native Grandchild, just pistols for Kenway. Disappointing. The lack of a usable rifle or atleast carbine would help spice the game up a little, as it sits the weapon selection is without a doubt the single most horrendous part of this game.Weapon Selection/Variety  3/10Ship combat  Is without a doubt where this game shines. Theres no real way for me to explain it without being an expert, so just take my rating for it.Ship Combat  9/10Open World  Seamless and lacking lag, with my framerate rarely dropping.Explain to me again why youd ever want to use fast travel?Open World  9/10Soundtrack  For the most part, the classical pieces in this game are very fitting and dont seem to intrude too much on the gameplay, instead adding a theme to it. But please give me a patch where my crew never stops singing. The shanties are the most catchy thing ever.Soundtrack  10/10Adewale  Deserves his own rating section. And I think we should go ahead and add him to the list of best sidekicks ever brought into games.Adewale  8/10Dialogue  Is very impressive from my standpoint, making me grin and laugh and with the references fitting well within the timeperiod.Dialogue  9/10Blackbeard 10/10Revenge of Queen Anne 10/10TLDR  BUY THIS GAME IF YOU THINK YOU CAN RUN IT.