I in turn love this game and Ill explain why.Parkour The parkour of Assassins Creed 4 is similar to the outdoor free running of AC3 but with some great changes. First you dont just randomly start climbing a wall when running. It feels very smooth and clean but a notorious run up a wall and jump off that is terrible.Combat The combat is relatively easy unless you come across an officer or heavy soldiers. These special soldiers can parry and counter attack. The two swords make the fighting very interesting with some badanimations. The pistols are slightly unrealistic because when you reload it does the normal reloading animation then does the same animation 24 times depending on how many pistols you carry. The pistols have great variety and are made for every players needs.Combat Extended One of the weapons you come across is the blow gun, it can shoot 2 profectiles, a sleep dartKnocks them out for a period of time and a Beserk DartIt makes the victim start attacking others. You also have an array of odd weapons. Such as the throwing knifeSelf Explanatory and the Rope Dart. The Rope Dart can be used to hang or pull soldiers to you, I didnt use these much but when I did they were extremely useful. You also have two hidden blades.Gadgets Some of the gadgets or items you get include the Smoke Bomb and Money. The smoke bomb stun and blind soldiers whilst the gold draws civilians with means you can blend in.Ship Gameplay The ship gameplay is acclaimed and overall extremely fun and diverse. The weapons you have include the MortarA long range upward firing cannon that shoots a shell that explodes over the target spewing it with cannon balls., The Chain ShotsUsed to fire at sails and slow ships, Round shotNormal Cannon shot Heavy shotA flaming cannonball of close ranged death and the swivelsAfter you make a solid hit against the the solid part of the ship, it leaves weakpoints that the swivels fire at dealing massive damage. After you decapicate a ship you can board it and have to kill crew and/or cut a flag and/or kill a captain and scouts. After doing this you can repair your ship the Jackdaw or send it to your fleet, you can also lower your wanted levelIf your wanted level is high enough pirate hunters come after you..There is also assassin contracts which involve killing a target, bonus for remaining stealth, Naval contracts which you hunt down ships. You can also save pirates and unlock taverns.Story The story is brilliant, there is character development is solid as titanium, and the story in general is SIMPLY BRILLIANT. Nope, no spoilers.In conclusion this game is the best in the franchise.