New editsThis, for me, is ts the BEST Assasins Creed Game Ive ever played, hands down.Combat, game play, game length and the story transition smoothly into the next, and the room for character development and upgrades in this massive open world experience is plenty.NotesGraphics Sleek and beautiful. Most issues youll encounter have been solved in online forums, so do your homework. Of mention is PhysX. Disable that, even if you have an NVIDIA GPU. It has noticeable memory leaks and degrades game performance substantially, and the effects it enables are very minimal. Again, your mileage may vary.StoryThe most epic part of the game, if I may confess. The characters are well developed, and it highlights key cultural notes of the height of piracy in the West indies and the figures of that time Mary Read , Anne Bony, Black Beard, Calico Jack, etc and the tumultous events of that period such as the Maroon uprising, the execution of Calico Jack, the deaths of Mary Read and Black Beard and the role of piracy in shaping up the eventual collapse of  the Pirate republic. All in all, we see the main protagonist, Edward Kenway, grow up from  a rash seafarer to an experienced, selfcentered pirate who found his purpose to his calling with the Assasins and eventual maturity into a legend after Mary Reads death.This storyline and the many hours youll spend pirating will keep you going back for more, and to be frank, this is probably the most nostalgic Assasins Creed game in the franchise.Audio/ Sound work Excellently done. The music in this game is expertly composed, and the shanties are a timely and welcome addition to the deep, wellcrafted ingame environment. Also, quite memorable.The english speakers are quite fluent, and all in all, a high quality recreation of the characters they represent.Gameplay Reminiscent of Assassins Creed III, the action is split about 6040 land/sea in missions, and theres a ton of side activities, exploration, assassinations, and naval expeditions to execute in this exhilirating chapter of Assassins Creed. A slight drawback in my opinion is that combat , naval expeditions and assassinations feel a bit repetitive compared to the previous Assassins Creed games, and not much innovation has been done to the aging combat system in this franchise. Compared to other freeflow combat games such as Batman Arkham City, this game feels way more immature in that regard, and furtthermore, lowers the game difficulty considerably. A plus on the side is that parkour is flawless, and the emphasis on climbing tall access points for synchronization isnt emphasized much.The side content / DLCPlaying as Adewale in the Freedom Cry DLC adds extra gameplay and a slight variation in equipment Machete vs dualwielded cutlasses and a rudimentary shotgun in place of the dualwielded pistols from the main game and a new story line covering the previously unexplored Maroon uprising that is hinted at in the main game via the templar hunt missions. This DLC naturally fills in the gap and adds up to a grand climax at its end. In a manner, it builds up Adewales character in a light that we see since his departure from the Jackdaw as the quartermaster and models him into a capable liberator and assassin.The element of naval warfare also exists, though with a larger emphasis on liberation and lesser on wanton plunder.Online/ MultiplayerSelfdescriptive. Prepare to spend much of it on land, though. Take hints from the DLCs in that regard. Your mileage may vary, knowing how unreliable Uplays network connectivity can be.Im aware console gamers may have a better experience here compared to the PC version.Recommendations Get the season pass. Playing as Adewale adds several hours of gameplay for one and has its perks.Illl be playing Assasins Creed for a long time to come.Overall rating 10/10 , must  own. 