Very good game.Ac was already a swash buckler genre, with telegraphed and press appropriate action to look good and control the scene. I played the first 2 AC after the second while I liked the more open world feel, thats all I remembered from it, and I havent purchased another till now. Reason being is all well and good different time periods in human history but same kind of broadcast and low skill level game. Though much effort has been in my opinion to make the lanscapes and people feel of that time period. And then there is the reality virtual story line that initially was a good hook, just ended up disappointing.This game like those that followed fell low on my radar, I did enjoy to a point the first 2 I played as I have said, I saw yet another AC or added content and sighed. But then...I saw a mention of playing a pirate and also seas battles...so I looked a bit further but still I have gone through my phases as a younger man of buying on impulse and then later regretting, so I waitied abit.I looked to players that actually played saw some footage, and well I got the impulse to buy, who doesnt want to play a pirate. The game blends so well with the theme it maybe should of always been a pirate theme. The battles at sea while still arcadish are very enjoyable. The sea and lands feel alive with possibilties, lets go plunder. I like a game that pays attention to detail and offers scope for playing in with freedom, with obvious story moving and advancing the character motives, but not hindering.This game delivers, there are some things I would like different, wind, sails and speed of ships, but overall I am so glad they implemented this and did a 8.5/10 job on it. You can see Far Cry 3 infulence in this game, as the company homes in on what actually players enjoy and adding more challenge, I would like them to make combat more a kin to Dark Souls but overall this for me is very enjoyable experience.Thank you for reading something I only intended to say recommended 