Totally worth playing it!Unless you have low or even medium hardware quality, like I do you will like the game for the next reasons Interesting story, balancing pretty.. kinda well between the action in the life of a Pirate and the stealth in the life of an AssassinNice graphics and smooth animations in cutscenes and general gameplayYoull totally become addicted once you deeply understand the inner conflict and story of the game, secrets, appearance of reallife wellknown people Thatch, Vane, Bonnet, Read, Bonny, Hornigold, Rackham etc. and fictional appearances like Edward.Open world, free to exploreFree fire mode, target never automatically locks on target, but you need to either aim for him or shoot at him automatically, if youre close enough to the enemy.Freedom Cry DLC really gets into the slavery theme, escaping from it along with other people and its a really cool addition to the story. supposing this Adewale story happens after Edward leaves for EnglandBut, this game is also known for maany disadvantages more disadvantages than good things Poorly optimized, soo poorly optimized. Cant even AltTab or any other way to switch to any other app, unless you use CtrlAltDel when other apps are open, you can AltTab.Plundering a ship/warehouse gets repetitive and difficult with no power swords for Edward, cannons for the Jackdaw after a time of playing.Double buffering, locks the framerate to 30 depends on monitor refresh rate and it cant even be switched from the game to TRIPLE BUFFERING because why not. Thanks Ubi.What else.. ah, theres a lot.. OH YEAH. Sooo retard game mechanics and physics when it comes to movement in densepopulated zones, jungles with a lot of trees and other places.In the swamps around Nassau, where the crocodiles are, there are some shrubs coming from the water under the small pieces of land, the game counts it as dense vegetation that gives you cover and make you look ridiculous and completely exposed.When encountering a courier, if he sees you HE STARTS RUNNING LIKE FCKING SPEEDY GONZALES until he reaches any type of building, hes climbing and gunners aim at you for running on rooftops. yeyCollectibles. Gets boring and timewasting sailing to uncharted islands and picking one by one fragment/chest/secret to gain 100 completion on the savegame yes Im that kinda guy and I hate myself for that But hey  you can pay money to see all the collectibles.. wow.Some outfits and customization items for Edward cant be gained, since when the game got released, because back then there were some types of events Ubisoft was doing and you couldve got them. Now you cant, and they never got removed from the game, either.Thats about it, I sorta recommend it , especially because this summer until 4th July 2016 the game was at.. 75 sale and it was a really good deal, in my opinion.So, I do recommend this game but I also dont.Have fun playing it, in case you already have it. High potential. Little interest.Too bad.