This is one of the last AC titles that is actually ok to play. the game itself is pretty good and adventures. but the gameplay itself gets kind of boring after you experienced all of the different mission types.of course Ubisoft had to get the 100 sync stuff in it again but that is just a minor thing.Overall are Graphics and Gameplay pretty good. BUT there are certain things that tend to happen that can really fuel your angerFreerunning is only 1 key. you dont have variable speeds anymore. not as much as u used to anyway. AND the freerunning is not allways working properly. you try to run over a kneehigh rock at the beach and Edward will continue to run up an invisible wall until you move 1mm to the side....Graphics are not balanced. you change you outfit? too bad we dont care about that in cutscenes no more. if you wear a outfit without a hood  Edward will still take the hood on/off when he enters a cutscene. even if the Outfit has no hood to it. the gesture is still there. it looks moves and habits of the character are not adapted to outfits or weapons. thats just sad and frustrating.the riddles in this game are a total joke when it comes to the difficulty. and the main story only gets like a half step further in the whole game. that is all there is to thissummerisedan okayish AC when you want to explore some ocean areas but the gameplay gets boring after a while, the game is not fully finished and there are bugs and issues that AC players know from part 1 that have returned.the atmosphere and the story is ok but nothing special. in cutscenes are voices and people that are no longer part of your crew no matter how far you are in the story progress. some bugs here and there proof that Ubisoft really jsut tried to push out another AC title before the customers notice that they havent finished it properly.that is in my opinion a slap in the face for people who like the series and expect a finished game with a thought out concept.you can buy this on sale, but if you just want to get the idea of the game play the bonus missions from Connor on AC3. there are a few boat and Island special missions available at the harbor and its pretty much the same throu the entire game of black flack. 