I have beat this game and its DLC and have completed every side quest in this game. Only play this game if you want to play single player.In short, If you want a coop rpg DONT PLAY THIS GAME. It has one of the worst versions of multiplayer i have ever seen in a game. The game forces both players into the same screen which for pc is a slap in the face, only the host of the game gets to progress any character, money spend is the hosts money, any items obtained are only obtained for teh host, If you have a mic plugged in its always on no toggle to talk and etc. Overall its pretty much pointless to play multiplayer unless you own it on console and only play with a friend at your house.If you are reading this you most likely dont care about multiplayer or realize that the game has been out for so long that the multiplayer base what little there was is now dead. Honestly i have to say that the single player aspects in this game are fantastic. While in single player you are limited to only 1 additional teammate. Depending on play style will depend on who you like to partner with the most. The story line is the thing that suprised me the most. Unlike mass effect your decisions often effect you long term. For example early in the game you get the choice of killing an archon, putting her in jail, or letting her go free. While the first choice will give you an extremely powerfull staff for that level, it will in turn make all future instances with archons hate you forever.The combat is what i really enjoy most about this game. Each character you have has 3 abilities and 2 stances that they can switch between totaling 6 abilities overall. Each stance is either single target is aoe focused. Each stance though often has buffs or pets you can summon that remain active even if you switch. So reguardless of the situation i often found myself switching between them fairly often just to get the extra buff out even if that stance wasnt optimal. Using its combat system took a little to get use to. Its a small delay but deals quite a bit of dmg if you are able to get combo hits off or finish a long casting spell.