I cant even play this game and thats saying something. If you are someone with ANY cognitive or physical challenges or even frustrated by utter incompetencedo not waste your money on this game.The FOV is atrocious. The camera is wonkier than handing a toddler your video cam and asking him to film his birthday party. I found the controller stuttered and skidded, crashing my character into walls, barrels etc. for no apparent reason. The camera wont do anything other than overhead unless the stars are in the right configuration and the moon is full so you cant see a demmed thing thats coming from RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOU. Hello? If they wanted a Diablotype topdown the reason that worked was the FOV was a large area. Its like they couldnt make up their minds what they were going for, here.The lighting is grim. Its hard to see anything.The characters choices are ridiculous. Puleeze, a medieval rogue with GUNS? Theres no clear explanations of which spells do what for the mage. Its like someone in the concepts department yelled Hey! Nobody ever did THIS before!!! Well yeah, they did, and they did it much betterIm looking at YOU, ArcanumThe dialogue was mailed in by someone who flunked their first year in college lit and the voice acting caused my dog to chase my eyeballs across the floor when they fell out from rolling so hard. It wasnt even cheesy enough to be amusing. I can get past a few poor NPC performances and some selfdeprecating cheese but not just plain bad.I have no idea what the story is about  because the game is virtually unplayable. The controls are ludicrous, unclear and cant be remapped for easier playability or to accomodate physical challenges or disabilities.Its been a decade or more since I played the first two so Im not basing this on my fond memories since senility has set in...although I recall them as entertaining and feeding a donkey some daggers. Im basing this on the utter crapfest of how this game was put together for playability.Run for your lives!