The third installment of the Dungeon Siege series really brings a huge change to the series, one that most people hated if they were fans of the previous installments. They take away the feeling of freedom, and the ability to have a large party, the skill system is completely stripped out and replaced by a VERY straight forwards skill selection tree, with a few passive powers for you to pick as well.Although it fails in comparison to what the old Dungeon Sieges represent it is its own unique blend of action RPG. Its linear making it a no brainer to get around, the graphics are decent, the moves your characters can do have impact and flourish to them, and the environments and enemies are all well thought out and interesting.The story is actually pretty good, and even the side quests you can do can end in different ways, since you can make choices that literally alter how parts of the game will play out, and if you get certain perks or not. Which adds to the replayability of the game. You can go back and make different choices the next time around, and even have a different partner to see their different dialogues during the times you can make interactive choices.The real weaknesses in this game stem from a high difficutly and learning curve, some cheap boss battles that you must figure out what to do right away or get pounded into the ground, and the VERY boring loot you receive, alongside a sometimes terrible partner AI that will stand there and watch you get your skull caved in from a safe distance..The difficulty spikes up a huge amount if you choose to play as the melee character in the game. It takes alot of manuevering and quite a bit of use of the block and roll buttons even to survive a standard encounter on normal difficulty, even when your partner isnt being .Some boss fights come up suddenly with little warning, and unless you figure out their patterns pretty fast, they are going to absolutely crush you into the ground within seconds. You need to quickly figure out what moves can be blocked, and what you have to avoid, because if you dont get ready to reload your save. Yes it adds to the challenge of the game, but some instances and some of the bosses almost require you to die once or twice just to figure out what you were supposed to be doing. Some of the fights for when you actually get to them are straight up unfair with the gear and skills youve acquired on your journey, and if you are playing on hard, get ready to get one or two shot, there is NO room for error in the boss fight on the higher diffculty.Then after all that, what do you get? A ton of garbage drops, a handful of cash, and a long walk back to turn the quest in, just to get a perk or a halfway decent item or money reward, sometimes not even that. Sure you get a ton of loot in the game, but most of it is boring and much of the same. Alot of the stats have no in game description and you literally need to look up a guide to figure out the meaning of the stats on your equipment and what it actually does for you, since there is no in game indicator as to what the stats do.The game has an interesting enemy roster, with a variety of environtments that usually force you to round them up in a large area or choke point so you can combat them effectivly. Even some of the standard enemies can wreck your life in a matter of seconds if youre screwing around. If you wanted a challenge this game can definitly serve it up, depending on the character you select, and which partner you decide to pair up with. The difficulty spikes down a bit IF you can actually find someone to play with online, or if youre playing with a friend who is willing to replace the sometimes brain dead AI.While its a fun romp with actual decent dialogues and cool choices, I simply would not recommend picking it up unless its on sale or part of a bundle with possibly the other games in the series or perhaps bundled with other squareenix games for CHEAP. 