The next in my long line of pretty appalling reviews. I played this on normal for around 8hrs, and was level 11, completing as far as I know all of the side quests and getting to the end of Act I.GraphicsThe game is about three years old, but Titan Quest is older, but looks much better. Nice enough, but nothing special. There is a gamma setup, but I think its more to annoy you  making get stuck on the scenery to add to its difficulty.MapsThe areas seem varied enough, but oh my god is it bad in how its presented. All ARPGs are huge open maps that are basically mazes, with natural terrain to force you to backtrack as required, but using these dead ends as boss encounters or hidden chest areas. In DS3, you are in a series of corridors. I am nearly having a panic attack as I play this game, its so claustrophobic.The map is beyond woeful. Imagine trying to navigate from Lands End to John o Groats with your map that looks like a small circle with a line going from South to North. Thats what your map looks like. Sometimes its a little wiggly, but its basically a line. You can change the zoom once, or you can remove the map. There is no overall map and no map overlay of the area and no adjustable zoom to be of any use at all. Quest markers lead you to think that you are heading in the right place, but are miles away from where you think they are.MobsYou get swarmed a lot, and need very early on to perfect the hit, roll, hit, roll, hit, roll technique if you dont want to be dead. I am not sure why you can roll faster than you can run, nor why just about EVERYTHING can run faster than you to swarm you as they run down the corridor, sorry I mean through the dense forest that is so overgrown apart from the perfectly manicured path.Mobs are a little samey, bandits and spiders so far, but the Boss mobs and encounters have had some interesting attacks.Skill Tree, UI  ClassesLets start with the UI. Basic is the word, and nothing is contextual, meaning you have to wonder what on earth the empty orb things are that appear to be unlearnt skills are as no little pop up box helpfully appears.The Skill section is something else. I am still not entirely sure what the Proficiencies do, as I think they only work when you expend your focus with your Ability 1 button normally 1 You then change Stance to do something else and while in this stance, the 1 button does something different, but 4 always heals and 5 always does the other buff spell....its simply too confusing, when other games would allow you to use the orbs as you wish. Its reported to be a console port and one that has had no PC love at all. It shows.There is a nice balance on the active skills, as you can only rank them to 5 in total and you have two choices per skill, so you can have 3/2 or 0/5 as you wish. Filling all 5 empowers the skill, meaning it now has a more powerful effect  multiple targets instead of one or heal all the party rather than just you.You get Passive skills as well, which are normally based on x per rank.Leveling is quite annoying though, it waits for the second you have finished a fight then goes to the character screen. So you cannot find a save point, then level and test a skill or anything. Its just annoying  like running into a wall.Controls  CameraRight click move and left click fire as usual, but you also have forward and back and lefty/right camera angles. You need them as well, as getting stuck on scenery happens a lot, getting stuck in corners happens in swarms and thats why I think the dodge roll was added. Spacebar adds a block move, while space and move rolls on that direction.The camera is a mad thing that sweeps in and out at a moments notice. Nothing becomes see through, solid objects block its viewpoint, and boss fights in a room can see you looking at the floor a few feet in front of you as the camera changes without you doing anything.You cannot direct your team members at all. Not with their spell choices or when to do anything. They do revive you if you fall, but forget directing them at the boss or the bosss minions, depending on your strategy.You cannot click on targets to switch  it seem to be locked to the last one you attacked and you will contain to shoot the one miles away that you first started attacking while another beats you to death at close range. This is VERY annoying during the big boss fights, as you are shooting backwards and hitting barrels and chairs rather than your intended target.Controls are not responsive either. There have been plenty of times when I have had to mash a button to get the heal to work and I had enough foucs to use and sometimes the roll dodge causes you to stand still and blck instead of roll, and as you are ALWAYS doing this, you are always facing the wrong way to block something.LootLoads of it, which is nice, and you can upgrade your weapons with essences you find.GameplayOn one hand its all a bit meh! to be fair, while on the other so frustrating its beyond belief. At the end of act one you have a BIG boss fight that takes place in a tiny room. In single player, you can do nothing but fire off a quick ranged attack, then roll twice, then fire off an attack, then roll twice.....all aggro is on you all the time as you let your AI partner fight the boss and you just run away. If you miss a beat, she does so much damage that you lose half your hits in one go, and her she fires something off that takes away the other half. You have to roll as this is quicker than running, and if you dont roll she as everyone else runs 200 of your speed and chops your face off. If your AI party member drops in combat, you have no chance to revive her as you cannot get far enough away to spend the few seconds required to get her up again, and.....I wont say anymore about the fight, but it gets worse.This is not difficulty levels being too high, this is being hampered by game mechanics that are just Camera angles, confined space and mechanics all together. Take the Dragon in Torchlight  now that was a rock hard fight, and while running and kiting is a sound mechanic, that felt brilliant. This? Nah. I have tried and failed a dozen times now, but with pretty much all of the above rantings going against it already, I should go back to Assassins Creed II and finish that off.