Ahhhh, this game.... This game... What can I say? I dont like writing negative reviews but, well... Lets just say this game is FAR below my expectations.Let me start by saying that I have been a DIEHARD fan of the first two Dungeon Siege games. Those two games  Dungeon Siege II in particular  were a very nice, fun, and more lighthearted action RPG break away from my longstanding Diablo II obsession at that time. The first two games were pretty much Diablo clones, at least in terms of overall gameplay  point and click mechanics and the usual hack, slash, loot  wash, rinse, repeat routine, and I was very much okay with that.So whats up with Dungeon Siege III? Its NOTHING like the first two games. I was so excited when I first learned that a new Dungeon Siege game was in the works, but after it was released, I read notsogood reviews of the PC version in particular and after finally getting around to acquiring it myself to try and give it a fair shake, I was left shrugging my shoulders with a headscratching huh???Obsidian has essentially consoleized Dungeon Siege III. Kinda felt like a slap in the face to us longtime fans of the first two games  Dungeon Siege has always been a PC game, and the console focus of this installment made it not much fun at all. It doesnt even come close to feeling like the previous games. No more point and click mechanics, the character movement is now relegated to the usual WASD suspects on the keyboard. I figured since they consoleized this game, Id pull out the Xbox 360 controller and try to approach it that way, maybe Ill enjoy it more, but no dice.I cant stand the inventory management  it really wouldve been nice if they couldve revamped it for the PC to be more like the first two games. Im not a fan of the overall character management/leveling system either. Again, this is NOTHING like the original Dungeon Siege games.The Dungeon Siege games were never very strong on story, so I wasnt expecting much in that regard. However, Ive had such a hard time enjoying this game to get anywhere nearly far enough into it to fairly judge where Obsidian went with it. But as far as I can tell, they at least stayed true to some of the base lore in the earlier games.I cant recommend this game. Sad as it makes me to have to badmouth a Dungeon Siege game, I just really wish they wouldve stuck to the triedandtrue formula. Its a shame, and I can only hope that someday, Obsidian  or any other good RPG game developer, for that matter  makes a Dungeon Siege IV that will return to the original PCbased point and click, hack n slash approach.