One of my fondest games when I was younger was Dungeon Siege II. It was an amazing game a seemingly wideopen world, amazing levels of customization, and tough, too.This game is a console port. The inventory system is optimized for console controllers ie no grid system any more, the controls are built for a controller ie to my knowledge, theres no strafe functionality, so if you want to strafe, youve got to use your mouse and stop attacking, and the skill system is simplistic enough for console controllers ie no depth.The game quickly deviates from the Dungeon Siege format. Instead of being able to build a character that does what YOU want with the ability to mix and match abilities, you get to pick from four premade characters. If something doesnt fit your fancy, well you can go screw yourself. What do you think this is, Dungeon Siege? ... Wait... Combat is MUCH more focused on positioning and fastpaced movement, where in earlier games movement was much more tactical and positioning was a little less relevant. The skill system is bland and uninteresting, not really letting you build characters like you could before. Oh, and your character can only use three skills at a time. Two stance abilities and a guard one.Speaking of the stances... The game has what I can only describe as a stance system. You hit q to switch between two stances per character. One of the characters switches between double pistols and... a rile? shotgun? Its been a while since Ive played her. Another switches between using a staff and spitting out fireballs. Theres no customizing that, either. Each stance has one ability tied to it, and you have to be in that stance to use that ability. The ability use button 1 is right above the stance change button q, so I often found myself switching stances instad of using the ability I wanted to.One last thing that I want to harp on the bounding boxes for terrain do not match up with their visuals half the time. I often found myself trying to walk into completely open spaces only to find myself unable to, because the stairs that were four feet away really had a bounding box there, or the cliff that was behind me was wrapping around in from of me somehow, or I was anywhere near rocks. For a game that relies so much on quick movement, you want to go NOWHERE near the rocks. Theyre devious traps set by the enemies to trap you and leave you helpless.Essentially, this game is not a DS game. Its a bad attempt at a third party of cashing in on the name brand, and a sloppy game even on its own. Stay away.