Rating 7.5/10What is it?Action RPGThe GoodGraphically the game is beautiful, but what really stands out is the use of color especially in regards to the characters skills. Every skill used is colorful and bright and makes the combat really stand out. Making a critical ht is satisfying because it really stands out.  It makes you wonder why other developers are so afraid of having color in their games.4 unique characters each with their own unique play style. Every character has 2 offensive stances used to either deal with single or groups of enemies and one defense stance. Each stance has 3 skills associated with it. Each skill has 2 way you can upgrade it, allowing you to customize how you want to develop your character. In addition each character has a passive skill tree further adding to your build. All of this leads to interesting builds.The game play mechanics are a bit more unique to this type of game. In order to use your abilities you need force and the only way to gain force is to attack your enemies. Defensive skills use power spheres which fill up as you take damage. All of this creates some unique game play elements and changes the way you play and develop your character. Dodging and blocking also play an important role in game play,You can always rely on Obsidian to craft a well thought out story.  The games side quests in some regards are even more interesting and creative than the main quest.  Books and lore are scattered around the world to further flesh out details if your into that sort of thing.Music/sound and voice acting are all top notch.The BadIf there is one aspect of an action rpg that you need to get right its the loot. The loot has to be exciting, it has to make you want to kill enemies to discover new items, it should feel rewarding. This game has non of that. The loot in this game is boring. For the most part, loot just changes stats and more likely than not you will equip the loot that gives you the highest stats. A good loot system means the player has to make tough choices, this game doesnt do that.Multiplayer is all but dead meaning you are not going to get any achievements related to multiplayer. Even if you do play a multiplayer game you character progress is not saved if you join someone elses game when you go back to single player. How this even passed in todays time is mind boggling.ConclusionI really loved this game, I played it many times on 360 and will continue to play it here. This game gets a lot of things right in regards to the genre sadly it also gets things horribly wrong as well.  I love that each character is really unique and no two characters play the same. Hopefully we see Obsidian get to make another with more improvements.