Dungeon Siege III really falls somewhere between good and bad but in the end, I do think it was a fun experience.The game takes place in a generic fantasy setting where generic evil people are being generically evil and you, the generic hero of a generic almost extinct generic group of generic heroes do generic things in the name of generic goodness.My playthrough took place with a friend. He played the generic wizard and I played the generic swordsman. We played on the hardest difficulty. While the game offers some fun hack and slash combat, theres nothing very special with it. Each character has two modes zwiehander/swordshield, rifle/dual pistols, etc. with three skills per mode in addition to three defensive abilitites. While I do believe youre supposed to use both of your modes, there seemed to be no benefit in doing so for me. I just went berserk with my zweihanders and that worked terrifically.I cant say anything about lower difficulties but we mostly found the regular enemies to be rather trivial while the bosses were hard only because they could kill you in one or two hits. This was challenging and fun in its own way but not in a good way as this was more like artificial difficulty where youre punished for a single mistake.With this in mind, the balance between bosses wasnt good, either. One early boss was super hard while others were a breeze. The penultimate boss was one of the hardest in the game while the last boss was a joke.Lastly, the game had some notable issues with other aspects. The depiction of women felt rather sexistic as you could usually judge the moral level of a woman by looking at the size of her breasts. Big breasts  good person. Small breasts  evil person. The camera was a pain as my partner and I limited each others movements, which was super problematic as he was a long range character and I was purely melee. As far as I know, the game is purely a console port and although it could actually be good, Im not so certain that its good if you dont have a gamepad to play with.So thats my review. You can see that I ended up giving it a recommendation but thats a weak recommendation. I do not recommend buying this game unless youll either have someone to play with or if you can get it for less than the base cost. 