I finished Dungeon Siege III i i i moments ago. I pulled up the review box immediately.Guys and gals... I really like this game.When I first saw it being paraded about, advertised, I came under the impression that it was a fantasyaction romp through a rich setting. I saw that it had unique characters. I concluded it had nice voice acting. My impressions were correct.While I grew up beside Baldurs gate, Neverwinter Nights, Vampire the Masquerade, and manymanymore CRPGs, I never actually got around to playing Chris Avellones epic Dungeon Siege. Over time it became dated, and somehow thrown into my own personal category of just another old fantasy title Like The Summoner. Man, that needs a remake.I bring up my gaming heritage to illustrate that I love Oldschool roleplaying. I probably would have liked Dungeon Siege. but I never played it. I walked into Dungeon Siege iii without any expectations except for those listed above.Thus, for the sake of the other negative reviewers let me say If I was expecting a fantasy epic stat crunching party based spacebartopause open world fantasy, I too would have been a sore child. These things DS iii is not. So, let me tell you what it is.Hopeful. Noble. And well meaning.It is an important piece of story in the world of Ehb. You can tell because your choices are explained to you in the end. I love it when they do that, and I havent gotten such a kick out of it since Arcanum dont get me started on Arcanum, Ill start drooling.This was written carefully. Characters have personality and charm even if that personality is merely flirty russian. They say things that matter. A lot of work was put into their comments and role in the game. They arent just a sandbox of people you can choose from the beginning, or just meet along the way. These characters are part of the tale. Some more than others. Their models are well designed, from the somewhat pudgy Reinhart, to the seductive Katarina. Their voice acting is mostly excellent Im looking at you Anjala, that synthesizer seems to throw off your tone.There are a finite number of sidequests, and low and behold a lot of them impact the story in small and meaningful ways. The continuity was surprising.Surprising.In a game set in a rich and lore filled world, and one that has a legacy to live up to, I must mention the abominable level design. Its a corridor. This broadens slighly in the later levels, but my first piece of advice to any new player would be to turn off the minimap. You dont need it unless you get turned around, and it will just depress you. Ignore the map and take in the sights. There are nice sights in this game.The graphics are well designed. The engine was meant to eliminate load times by loading the next area as you play this and the fact it came out for lastgen consoles might explain the linearity, but still manages to put a nice glowy sheen on everything. Mud looks sumptuous, water ripples, and sewer bricks glisten. Attacks carry graphical weight, and hits are punctuated nicely. Theres lots of flair here. I especially love the teleport animations for Reinhart, the wizard.If youve never seen them let me give you my next piece of advice, new player Play this game on Hardcore.Hardcore, because combat is really good when you need to dodge. Actually, nerf that. Combat is good ALL the time. Animations are smooth, and attacks are flashy. Until you clear an area, enemies tend to respawn, but there is really no need to grind. Once you start getting your groove into that leveling system you will tear them a new one all whilst proceeding forward gracefully.Once you finish an act, much of the villainy is narrated away, so you can wander about once more with a minimum of fuss, should you desire. You really shouldnt. There is no point in returning to old areas unless you collect Unique weapons.In the realm of combat are the epic, epic boss fights. No, not just any joeshmoe leader of a group with a health bar, Im talking the real bosses.  Youll know one when you meet one. There will be a sort of arena that appears, a flash of special effect, and youll get stomped.Its glorious.These bosses shake up the fighting with excellent special moves and themes. I wish the same care had been taken for the usual enemies.Ive digressed from my original points. Hopeful. Noble. Well meaning.The real draw here is the story. A story that continues the CRPG tradition of interaction. The gameplay is fun and arcady, the mechanics are fine, but suddenly youll be placed with a true conundrum on your hands. A narrative imperative! And the succulent tones of the narrator Odo will accompany whatever you choose.You reap the consequences in a tightly focused tale about rising from the ashes. Getting back up again. Repentance. That golden second chance.It is noble, and great, and fun. I recommend it for the 1520 pricepoint, or lower as it often goes on sale.So...Grab a controller,Turn off that minimap,turn that baby up to hardcore,give it whirl.