Its very unlike me to review a game after barely having played it, but I feel that it needs to be said, in light of all of the reviews Ive read Dungeon Siege III is pretty good.I only bought the game from Humble Bundle so that I could qualify for a larger discount on another set of games that I wanted Tomb Raider and Deus Ex. I paid 3.00 for it. So, it was very, very cheap. I guess I should get the DLC as well at some point, considering its a lot more favourably viewed.At any rate, Ive done Dungeon Siege III a great disservice, by not actually sitting down and trying it out. Having burned out on Dragon Age, and not really looking forward to opening up anything heavy, I decided to run DS3 for a bit, just so I can uninstall it with a clear conscience.Now, Ive played the previous games in the series, though it has been a very long time. I remember the slow buildup of the first game, as I went from being a farmer to taking on a Dragon. I remember enjoying how I could customize my characters fighting style, and I remember that there were mules to carry all of my loot something that Torchlight stole and then improved. I also remembered the second game, which Id always start, but couldnt play through because Id get frustrated with the characters. So, I have mixed memories of the games, having enjoyed them, but not enough to get them onto my topten.Dungeon Siege III is more like its immediate predecessor than the first game in that youre restricted to 4 specific characters whose skills you can modify. The other characters then later join you as computercontrolled companions with whom you can raise your influence, and equip with items. I will mention that Anjali seems to be very OP compared to the others. Id started playing with Lucas, but even as a companion, Anjali is outstripping me which is rather embarrassing.The graphics are pretty good. It wont break records, but it looks good while still running very smoothly. The animations are great, the ambient effects are very nice. Faces arent the best, but there are very few games that can get those right. But it looks good while playing, and thats what matters to me.Voiceacting is uneven. It sounds a bit like those audiobooks you buy for kids, with a small cast of people narrating the story and doing the voices. Some are better than others, but its not at the level of, say, Dragon Age, or Neverwinter Nights 2. Its very... pedestrian.But I enjoyed the gameplay, and thats what this is about. I lost patience with Torchlight when it came out, and Diablo never appealed to me. But Dungeon Siege III is far more to my taste. I would recommend that you look into changing the key mappings once you start because the default control scheme doesnt gel with how I like my layout. And I much preferred moving my character using the WASD buttons rather than the mouse.The camera is mostly okay. It sometimes swings way too close if Im bumping a wall which can happen in the tight corridors of the game, but it doesnt happen all that often, and its bearable.I will note that just like the previous games, Dungeon Siege III is very linear. There arent a lot of open areas except for boss arenas, and there arent any procedurally generated maps. Theres a very definite direction youre supposed to trek in. In RPG terms, youre being railroaded. But the combat is fun enough to overlook it, and Im really looking forward to finishing this at least once and well see how I feel about trying the other characters once I do.