Dungeon Siege III is not without flaws, but it is a very underrated game that deserves more respect than it receives. If you are a fan of the first Dungeon Siege games then you may be understandably disappointed to find that this game deviates from the typical diabloclone formula and instead takes on a more traditional action RPG style. If you treat this game as a traditional action RPG then your expectations will be more in line with what you will get and youll probably have a more favorable opinion of it. If, on the other hand, you are expecting another diabloclone then Id advise steering clear of this, but do keep in mind that this game respects the lore of the original Dungeon Siege games, even if it doesnt respect their style. If you are a diehard Dungeon Siege fan and love the lore and story then maybe you should give this game a chance even if you dont care for the gameplay. If so, Id advise playing it on the lowest difficulty, as it can be quite challenging if youre not prepared to give it your best.I also strongly recommend playing with a controller, no matter which difficulty level you choose. It does take some time to get the hang of things, but there is a builtin help system that most people seem to just ignore, that explains everything in great detail. Youll see all sorts of weird stats like Retribution, Doom, Momentum, Staggering, etc. which youd do well to learn. These stats also give you lots of different ways of customizing your character towards certain strengths. Theres also an enchanting mechanic where you use essences you collect from defeated enemies and you can put these on your items to boost them in certain ways. You can also do the same with the gear of your companions, which you do not control directly, but in my opinion this was a welcome improvement over the earlier Dungeon Siege games as this means there is less micromanaging and you can just focus on controlling your own character. I also thought it was an improvement that enemy swarms are a lot smaller, and more of a focus on boss fights which can be very epic and fun. There is a coop mode which many people say doesnt work very well and I havent tried it myself, but the option is there in any case.The worst thing I could really say is the controls can be a bit uncooperative. For example, you might need to execute a certain move in a hurry, but if your character is moving the game wont recognize it and you have to make sure your character comes to a complete stop and then try it again before it works. Ive died countless times because of that and thats the worst thing about this game in my opinion. A game being challenging is perfectly fine, but the challenge should never be as a result of clunky controls.I found the story very well written, and you are presented with multiple branching paths in the dialogue and how you interact with other characters. For example, you can choose to spare a defeated foes life, or execute them. The choices you make will have consequences later on, for better or worse. Your companions also have an opinion of you based on what you say and your actions, which makes them feel like real characters and not just soulless automatons. This may be a very minor point to most people, and a lot of people probably didnt even see this at all since they got frustrated at how the game wasnt like the first Dungeon Siege games and quit, but to me it is very important, and I took note of it.Anyway, to summarize, no, this game is not perfect by any means, but in my opinion the positives outweigh the negatives. I got nearly 40 hours of gameplay out of a single playthrough including the DLC, and more importantly it was time I enjoyed. There are lots of games that have maybe only 1/10th the content that this game does, but have far better reviews. I ask you, where is the justice in that?