Dungeon Siege 3 is, IMO, 3/5 stars. The original Dungeon Siege franchise used to be a party based, hack/slash game that focused on highly customizable character and party selections  however, the latest installment was a blatant clone of the Diablo franchise, without the strengths that Diablo has. While it is still a strong installment, it does not live up to the expectations or any of the potential that the release had.The main problem is that the game play was far easier than any prior Dungeon Siege or Diablo game, and only had a few difficult parts. While the characters health was generally low and you can only define Katarina as squishy, the dodging function was exceptionally overpowered. Once I got a good tempo while playing Katarina, I spent more time dodging than anything else. Due to the games autotarget system, it was exceptionally easy to dodge, dodge, face in the general direction of your target, shoot, dodge. While this removed most, if not all, of the difficulty of the game, it added a level of difficulty created by the pure frustration of changing targets. Once the game selected a target, it was usually counter productive to attempt to change to a more desirable target than it was to simply kill all the least desirable targets to get to your intended target.The second issue was that the story was completely unengaging.The UI was cumbersome, and counterintuitive.Finally, the exact way stats affected your character were never defined, leaving the power gamer in me screaming for satisfaction.Its a clear stepdown from the original Dungeon Sieges in almost every way, but it is very similar to the Diablo franchise now. The original Dungeon Sieges were hack/slashes, but were party based and unique enough to stand apart. If you dont have some other game to occupy your time, DS3 is an awesome game. However, dont go in expecting something comparable to DS 1 or 2. Expect another Diablo clone and while it is a pretty good clone, no clone is comparable to the original. 