Dungeon Siege III is a solid, if not spectacular, linear action RPG.  The game does not really have anyhing to do with Dungeon Siege or Dungeon Siege II.  Its like someone took a totally different game and just wrote Dungeon Siege on it because they wanted a name that people had heard of before.  Here you only control one character and you only have one companion fighting with you at a time, not a party based affair like the previous DS games and you have little to no control over your companion.  Its more of a single character action adventure with a pet.  There is a variety of different equippable loot and different passive abilities to put points into so you have some minor character customization available, but not as much as you might like.  If you play it with no preconceptions it is fine as it is, but if you are expecting another Dungeon Siege you will be disappointed.The storyline and combat action were adequate and I didnt notice a single bug in the whole time I played the game, which is very commendable these days.  The graphics seemed pretty nice, but the camera is a bit of an annoyance because it doesnt allow you to zoom far enough out so you often lose view of your enemies off screen while fighting.  I recommend a gamepad since the right stick can control the camera while you fight.  I cant imagine how you would do that if you play with a mouse and keyboard.  Anyhow, the game was designed for consoles so that should be the preferred method of control.  I dont think I could recommend this game if you dont have a gamepad.The playtime of the game was adequate.  Im guessing it takes around 2030 hours total if you do all the side quests.  Theres not a massive number of side quests so you wont get bogged down with them like in some other games, but they do add a few hours to the game.I bought the game for five dollars and I think it was a decent enough game for that price.  The game is not the best in its genre at anything it does, but if you get it in a bundle or find it on sale you can get a few days of reasonable entertainment out of it.  You arent missing anything important if you dont ever play this, but this game is not horrible.