This is one of the worst, buggiest games I have played in years. Most buggy games seem to be somewhat forgivable because they have fun elements, but this game had absolutely none. The game is incredibly linear occasionally there is a single path branching off the main path, but these are rare and short. The camera angle is terrible on the PC  I find myself fighting 50 of my enemies off screen. I routinely cast fire jackal just so that it can show me what direction my enemies are. Your characters are tightly tethered together so that all battles feel like threelegged races. If you try to move right while your buddy is moving left, too bad! The both of you will end up struggling to move but going nowhere while the big boss rains damage down upon you. This sense of being joined at the hip continues even when just trying to maneuver through the dungeon. Because of the terrible mechanism for moving about on the pc, one of you will likely get stuck on a door jam or stair banister. When this happens, you will not be able to move to walk around the obstacle because your buddy will likely have already traveled too far. They then have to come back to get you!Battles can be especially frustrating as you find yourself mashing keys over and over again just to make some effect take place. This leads to a strange bug that occurs occasionally in battle for the fighter characters and almost routinely for spell casting characters. Normally, when casting a spell, a button is pressed and while that button is held down the cursor becomes a blue glowing ball that you are supposed to use to aim the spell. When you release the key press, the spell is cast and your cursor returns. At least, thats how it is supposed to work. Routinely in battle our spell caster would get slaughtered because releasing the key press didnt cast the spell  instead the blue glowing ball whizzes around the battle field and until it decides to go away on its own the spell caster cannot move at all. But dont think that playing the fighter characters will be much better. Because you have to spin the camera in order to aim at your enemy, I routinely find myself attacking thin air while someone beats me from behind during the 5 seconds it takes to do a 180. Theoretically this can be solved by placing your cursor precisely on your enemy, but I find that near impossible while a group of enemies swarms me. There finally came a point where I realized that I had not enjoyed a single moment of this game and decided to never play it again despite reaching what I think is the final battle. 