This game has numerous issues. The controls are garbage, the intro cut scene drags on for ages. The maps are incredibly linear, exemplified by the minimap. Combat is seemingly repetitive, as you use a total of 10 different abilities, including the ability to use your weapon and dodge. The story is about as bland as they come, as far as I have gotten Stonebridge, dealt with the mines, working on Miesters, and the characters all feel very one dimensional. THeres strong hints to a moral system, and influencing your single companion you can have at once is implied to do something, but, so far, I cant tell if they have any effects at all. Theres little to no explanation of how your stats and abilities interact, so I just end up using whatever item is at the top of the list. The camera, which comes with two angles niether of which are good, is always too close, meaning enemies will aggro from off screen, and you often wont see what your character is shooting for, with a ranged attack. And dont get me started on the targeting system. Its a joke.And you know what? I love it. I am having a blast. Its humour is just quirky enough, its monsters just interesting enough to keep me playing. I have no idea what Im doing half the time, and Ive had to rebind every ability I have so many times I often lose track, but its just an enjoyable experience. It feels almost like an homage to games like Dragon Age, or Diablo, and a fun one at that. A guilty pleasure, through and through.Do I think you, the reader, will like it? No clue. Is it mechanically perfect? Hardly. But I love it.If you are thinking of playing, I have some rebinding adviceIgnore the click to move. It worked well in 1, but with no pause, and only 2 characters, using WASD to move works infinitely better. Bind left click to your primary attack, and right click to your first ability. Make E your heal, but keep the second armors on 4 and 5. Make your secondary ability another button on your mouse, like a thumb button. Map your third ability to shift, and the weapon swap on Q. Keep the quest helper on C, and rebind your character menu to tab. Move the secondary menus, like quests and inventory to buttons near O and P, as you dont often need access to them directly. Hammer dodge frequently, as it often is the fastest form of movement. YOull get all of abilities pretty quick, so dont worry a whole lot about order of purchase 