PROS1. Great story/lore2. Your decisions shape the story/relationships with other characters3. Great graphics/music/voice acting4. Maps are easy to follow5. Trail feature allows you to see where you need to go for a quest6. Seamless changeable battle stances7. Point and click facing enemies rather than mindless oneclick automation More engaging battles8. Learning about a set characters backstory and personality Refreshing change from spending a lot of time customizing a character yourself9. Easy to follow/understandable/simple talent tree Refreshing change from tedious, complicated talent treesCONS1. TERRIBLE camera angles / control. I mean it was so bad, I almost didnt want to play this game.2. No zooming in feature.3. Playing as Lucas is darn near impossible. Youre in for a huge challenge if you decide to play as him.4. This game has near NOTHING to do with the first two games, therefore making it more of its own game rather than a continuation to the series.I felt like I owed this game my two cents because honestly Im astonished at the amount of bad reviews. I will fully admit to this After I first bought the game I only played it for one hour before giving up in frustration. The camera control in this game is absolutely TERRIBLE. If they would have just made it so the camera follows the way the character is facing, it would have solved the problem entirely. I also hated the fact I cant zoom in at all, because I like to look at my character and the monster detail closely on occasion. Despite this, I decided to give the game another chance later on because I am a huge fan of the Dungeon Siege series and I really wanted to finish the third installment. Getting used to the stupid camera controls took a lot of patience but eventually I found I had almost shrugged off an awesome game. The lore and storyline is rich and engaging, arguably the best aspect of this game. I also really enjoy how my decisions shape the games outcomes and relationships with the other playable characters, much like The Walking Dead series which I also love. The graphics and music are great, the voice acting is excellent. I liked how the maps were easy to follow and I almost never got lost due to the really great quest trail feature. Being able to swap between stances or whatever you want to call them during battle was near seamless. I actually liked that you had to point and click in the direction of the enemy rather than mindlessly clicking once on a target and letting your character attack by themselves as in DS1 and DS2that is, if you choose the DS1 style of doing that when playing DS2. Many will argue that just having four generic characters is boring and uninventive on the players part  however I personally feel it is a refreshing change. You get to uncover this characters rich backstory, and learn their personality and style as you play. Its almost like getting to know a new friend rather than just making up a fake one. lol. Besides, I could spend upwards of 12 hours fully customizing my character down to the shape of her nose cough Elder Scrolls anyone? and for what? Shes going to be wearing a helmet anyway, and even if you have a mod to make it so you can see your characters face, how often are you actually going to look at it? It ends up being kinda tedious, especially since I just want to get onward to the game! I would have liked to at least be given the choice of keeping their generic name OR coming up with my own like some RPGs, but meh its not a gamechanger for me either. As for other things I DONT like about this game, lets talk about Lucas for a second. Im a straight girl, so when I saw Lucas I was like wow this guy looks super hot...Im going to try him out. P BIG mistake. The problem with Lucas is that to do any real damage you have to basically be up the enemys , and when youre in the process of doing that in a huge mass of flustercuck youre going to get mowed down as often as the White House lawn. Unless you fully specced into every healing ability possible and have a ton of chaosvampirism as Lucas, then youre in for a world of pain my friend. I dont really like when a game forces me to spend all my talent currency in ONE thing. Like okay well if I dont want to die over and over and over again I better spend everything in every healing ability possible. Super lame! My favorite character has got to be Katarina. Her gear looks cute and girly, her voice actress sounds exotic and awesome, and she hits like a truck from afar. I can just sit back and send my cool hound in while doing some badarse sniping and when the enemy gets too close I can just switch to my sidearms and deal powerful knockback damage. Amazing. Anjali is also fricken AWESOME. Shes absolutely beautiful, especially in her fire form with all those tribal tattoos and the orange eyes. The way they made her voice actress as well as the other archon in the game sound all etherealish was cool as hell too, it really added depth to the exotic element of her race. Her fire jackal is super cute, I love the little noises he makes!! Her selfhealing is ridiculously through the roof, its almost impossible to die as her if you do it right. She also has some decent range on her attacks, and both of her forms are viable though I tend to stick more to her fire form. Reinhart is the only one I havent tried yet and meh, I probably wont. For some reason whenever I look at him I think of the Sultan from Aladdin and I start laughing. Also the way he talks is kind of annoying. lol. Ive never even used him as the AI. Im sure hes a great character with great abilities if I just gave him the chance, but meh. Moving on, I see a lot of people complaining about the very basic talent tree but let me tell you something, I WELCOMED it. Huge, complicated talent trees with a billion different avenues has always been one of the things I actually DONT like about RPGs. Its like, here let me google online what is the very best talent tree and fricken research how to play my dang character. Otherwise Im going to be halfway through a game and realize shoot I totally screwed up my talent tree and I cant go back so now I either keep playing and pretend it doesnt bother me or restart. GROAN. Its like work instead of play at that point! In closing, I see a lot of the angry people are commenting that they dont like this game simply because it isnt like the other two. True, it IS sortof a letdown that this game has nexttonothing similar with the first two games other than some very minor basic lore ties. But I wouldnt just throw out the whole thing just because it isnt a similar or because it shames the franchise. I tend to want to look at it as its own game...just ignore the whole continuation of the 3 slapped onto the name. P