Dungeon Siege III is the third game byu the Dungeon Siege franchise developed by Square Enix. Let me just start by saying that i probable have player more than 80  of Square Enix tittles and i love their games so much!Graphics/Art The graphics are smooth and the game is optimized well so it can play on older devices aswell. The enviroment is very good not the best but very enjoyable and the cutscenes are awesome aswell. There ae not much to be said about the raphics of the games, but certainly it is a big improvment from its predecessors. Soundtracks help you get in the mood of action as they feature a medieval/action/epic rythm.Plot The storyline was very good and interesting. As a classic RPG you have to complete quests to move on through the game. Those quests can be main storyline or substory quests. In general there is nothing hard about getting the flow of the game as it is very specific on what you have to do and where you have to go. You dont really have to search around for what you have to do, you just follow the indicator. In general for a fan oof the series its a very satisfying game as you even explore and area directly related from the first game of the series which is awesome if youve been there before!Gameplay As a classic RPG you have the overwatch camera where you see a fixed amount of map and you character which is a little bit annoying because you would get a whole new experiense if you had a different camera. The movement is simple and so are the attack patterns. Each player has 2 combat modes that that one focuses on single target attacks and the other focuses on AOE attacks. Each mode has different skills and abilities. In general the gameplay is interesting and intense some times as the game on the hard difficulty is very hard, almost impossible to complete and the only way of doing so is by playing online with other 3 players. Each boss you fight offers you a different experiense as you have to play by a specific way to defeat each. In general each character offers you a very different experiense, defensive / offensive or close range / ranged attacks.If you get this game at a daily offer its a pretty sweet deal in my opinion. 