Try to imagine Obsidians roleplaying dialog system embedded into the console port of Diablo III. In a nutshell, thats Dungeon Siege 3.Youll notice that the majority of negative reviews on here can only be summedup the way Machinimas Inside Gaming Daily recently described most haters opinions. It goes something like, I hate this pizza because it isnt a taco. Granted, it isnt wise to change a franchise as much as Obsidian did here. Many fans of DS1 and DS2 appear incapable of liking this game, and it seems a lot of them feel tricked out of their cash. Ill mention their gripes here, however, to give a fair review, I dont want to just look at what DS3 isnt. I want to review it based on its own merit. To be up front, I actually hated DS3 at first, but when I was looking for a coop to play with my nongamer wife, I took a second look at Dungeon Siege 3. I found I had completely changed my perception of this game, because I changed my perception of its design choices, and it actually became one of my favorites of all time.Dungeon Siege III is a gamepadfriendly isometric action RPG with local and online coop. While much more casual than its predecessors, theres still plenty of quests, hacking, slashing, shooting, magic, looting, upgrades, lore, and dialog  and when multiple players online or off are in a story conversation together, players can vote for their preferred responses to NPCs, albeit Player 1 has the final say.There are four characters to choose from, and each delivers a different fighting style melee, ranger, sniper, magician. Each character also has two stances to vary up their attack strengh, range, and/or speed. Not to mention, the back story will also change, according to which hero youve selected.Gone is the tactical pause. Gone is the squad management. Gone are the skill points you earn, specific to your fighting style. Gone are the multiple skill trees for each character. Each weapon and piece of armor you find can only be equipped by a specific character. Obsidian has streamlined this game, effectively consolizing it. This is the heart of Dungeon Siege 2 fans complaints, besides multiplayer camera controls and multiplayer inventory management. You now will be only upgrading a single skill tree for your character, which means close vs ranged combat will not award skill toward that specific stance. Instead of holding down on rightclick to attack, youll buttonmash, and each press will be one swing/shot. Also annoying to some, even when you gain NPC followers, you will not be in charge of their tactics, nor their upgrades.This game was developed by the same people who made South Park The Stick of Truth, Fallout New Vegas, Knights of the Old Republic 2, Neverwinter Nights 2, and Alpha Protocol. I loved all of those games. My point, they KNOW roleplaying. In my opinion, the story here is great. If you dont have nostalgia stars in your eyes, its easy to see that the voice acting here is by far superior to its predecessors. Although the story is drastically shorter, its certainly more focused.All in all, I can tell you this  if you have a friend or loved one you want to play an immersive, openworld action RPG with while sitting on the couch together, this is the game. Youll find a rich story, a simple skill tree, upgrades, dialog choices, and tons of loot. Its one of the best and few couch coops that delivers a true RPG experience. Plus, gamers of all experience levels can enjoy it together.I come from a Fallout 3 background, but my wife is really only good at Bejewelled and racing games. While I was able to try to craftfully master my characters moves, she was able to buttonmash with a riflewielding hottie from a distance, and we made an excellent team! We were able to hack/slash/loot our way all the way through the campaign DLC together and we both had a blast. If youve ever played/enjoyed Diablo 3 or Daggerdale on the couch with friends and/or family, and you like the idea of breaking up the action with cutscenes and dialog choices once in a while, Im telling you, this really is an awesome game.If youre looking for the next 100hour tactical RPG in the Dungeon Siege universe, buyer beware. 