The original DS was fun because it automated quite a bit of the mechanics of the dungeon crawl, like looting, fighting, and the world of Ehb was kinda fun to explore, and find all the side paths containing treasures. However, the sequels failed to recapture the charm, and sadly DS3 is just more of the same, by adding complexity instead of fun, and even casual mode ended up being way too difficult for someone who finished DS1 w/o any cheating.Most RPGs utilize a skill tree, and as you level up you allocate skill points toward different skills and you can see the . DS3 however, went for a different sort... Theres ability, skill  which can become empowered if you use it enough, and talent, which interacts in a complicated way that youre never quite sure which way to level up, as there are so many different choices, but not in a proper tree form so you can understand it. As you unlock more abilities, skills, and talents, you are given vague hints on what they do, but not the specific effects on your characters stats, like tohit, or damage.Furthermore, the skills vs. empowered skill deployment is messy to use, as the game moves like an action RPG, but using the skills and the way they recharge is far closer to a phased combat RPG. Deploying the empowered skills is more on chance than actual proper timing.The game soon gave you a companion and now you have TWICE as much skills, abilities, and talents to play with. Which brings to point yet ANOTHER problem... INCONVENIENT interface. Instead of something like shoulder button to swap characters or hot keys, only one character was displayed at a time, and youre prompted to press ENTER to swap characters. Who the heck designed this UI?  DS1 had a much better interface, sheesh.  This interface feels like its trying to cater to lowres screens but failed horribly in being efficient.Combat is generally not a problem, but instead of just fighting attack, attack, attack, you now have ability to dodge, block, and even onehanded vs. twohanded stance and instant switching  Slash/shoot then roll away is almost required unless you have good sweep moves. Fighters can use twohanded stance to sweep an arc, and shooters have shotguns which well explain later.  Magic users can use circle or fire and such, but again, this is just adding complexity, not fun. Original DS has two loadouts per character, like ranged vs. melee, or close vs. far. DS3 again, decided to use a list interface rather than the standard RPG doll cloths interface where you fit items onto the character. This screen was separate from the stats screen so you cant see how much improvement the weapon does. The only comparison you see was how this item compares with the item the character was currently equipped with.At about the 1/3 point, when youre about to take back the town, you and your companion took out most of the mercs and was attacking the town hall, and you end up fighting this girl whos related to the archon. The problem is you need to defeat her TWICE, and even on Casual difficult I get killed multiple times. The boss sets out magical landmines that takes away 1/5 of your health per hit, and your heal skill only restores like 78 points out of 350! per second. You die in about 2 hits, and since the traps are all over the place, even your archon companion gets hit and falls. As you need to stop to revive her, you die as well. This is just ridiculous, as theres just too many things to do... dodge, run, back in and attack, get out and not get hit, heal up, get back in... Repeat...After almost an hour trying to get past this one big fight, where my archon made absolutely NO damage to the UBG, I quit.