The only reason I have this game is because it came together in a free package deal when buying my new video card.  I had happy memories of the original Dungeon Siege and Dungeon Siege II so I was excited to play this to finish my collection as I always wanted it, but never got around to it.15 minutes in I was feeling sick. I mean, Dungeon Siege was always a generic fantasy setting but had a charming 1980s DD feel. This was just so bland, and I dare say the Dungeon Siege movie was more visually inspired than this game.The graphics look good at first, but the animations of the first NPC you run into is just cartoonish puppet looking and  uncanny valley at the same time.The lipsync was terrible, the eyes of NPCs dead and souless. Combine this with lack luster voice acting...I just couldnt get invested.First impressions are important, and it did not impress, but I continued playing further. An hour in and I still found myself exiting the game to play something else because I was bored. I couldnt be hooked!However, the major killer of this game is the camera, damn thing is clunky when being adjusted. It also turns so fast and wildly around making you sick and is never in a tactical advantageous position.Also seeing how Dragon Age Origins came out a couple years before Dungeon Siege III, I couldnt help but compare the two. The graphics, animation, gameplay, camera and interface was just lackluster compared to a simliar sword and sorcery fantasy RPG. It feels like a cheap product trying to lure in some of the same audience by the way they were marketing this game and hyping it.Some might say I have nostalgia glasses, but I have nothing against a game franchise trying out different styles so long as its good or enjoyable. I got together some distant friends who were not familiar with the Dungeon Siege series, but were familiar with other RPGs or avid players and they too were unimpressed even as casual gamers.I later learned from a review by Ross Scott of Accursed Farms that one of the key and unique features of Dungeon Siege, its large party system which could include up to eight party members active at one time, was not present. Having bombastic large melees was one of the most memorable and fun things about Dungeon Siege and its gone. Well, that killed any chance of me picking up the game again.I uninstalled it and I wish I could delete it from my library.I dont even want my money back I just dont want to remember owning or playing this.