Taking a break to write this before the game drains me of any sanity I have left. ..and with the overall reviews being mixed I think a positive review is more than welcome. Im about halfway through the original campaign and halfway through the DLC but I have a good impression of the game, playing it solo on Hardcore all the way through.The negativity for this game comes from people expecting a game much like its predecessors, which yes it is not. I have only played DS2 and though I would have liked a direct sequel that plays similar to the previous, Im not disappointed with the result. I can write an essay on game franchises with sequels that changed things up and why its not surprising they usually arent wellreceived, but its common sense really.. or should be. Anyway, the gist of these games is to treat them on a separate level in the spirit of fairness.Ill go ahead and say that theres isnt really anything that stands out from the crowd. Graphics, Story etc. are all around the same level and more than decent but nothing out of the ordinary. Game options are sort of there but other than that, the game is pretty consolized. Moving around, basic combat and UI controls are designed with a controller in mind. Though you can use your mouse to navigate the menu, it feels off as for instance you cant click an item to view its stats without directly equipping it, effectively disabling you from comparing it with others. In general, keyboard and mouse just doesnt feel nearly as good as playing with a controller.That said if you can get over the controls, theres really a good amount of fun and enjoyment to be had with this game. Quests are easy, tracked individually and the game shows you exactly where to go should you only ask. Even the puzzles you come across dont require much if any thought to solve.other words, the main focus is pretty much the combat and character progression. Its not a hack and slash as it has a different pacing which often requires more tact / blocking or dodging.Not sure how it plays on Normal or less but I imagine the game becomes a walk in the park of casual fun. If however you dont want to be a scrub and join the hardcore folks, be forewarned because it is brutal, relentless and can be unforgiving at times. Aside from everything able to kill you in just a few hits, there are certain boss battles and segments in the game that can feel overwhelming to say the least. You may find yourself cursing at the screen and/or putting the blame on your friends/AI companion. Really, it sometimes feels like Im playing Dark Souls as I found myself soldier through the same trash mobs over and over again just to die a horrible death in a seemingly unfair boss fight where one small mistake proved to be fatal. But as with Dark Souls, when you finally do get through it feels very satisfying.. until, a moment later you come face to face with something just as bad if not worse. Nevertheless, Im liking it very much.I think its worth the current retail price. But as with most other games, if youre doubtful just get it on a sale. There are games that truly deserve every bit of negativity, but DS3 is not one of them.