I honestly dont understand the hate for this game. Honestly, I dont. This is going to be one of those shortish reviews because, and I am sincere when I say this, there isnt a ton to say about this game that would be unique. Im mostly going to focus on the actual ingame mechanics and aspects. I didnt play Multiplayer because, well, there is no one to play with. AFAIK, multiplayer is clientside, so you join other peoples games and play as their characters and the dialogue system works in that you choose different choices and thus you can agree/disagree with each other on what to do. Its like a voting system, I think.Music  Its got some amazingly atmospheric and fitting music, as well as high quality. Thats all I can say without spluring my opinionated juices all over it. You want calm forest music with birds chipping andat least, what I heard crickets cricketing? Well, you got it. You want a creepy humming sound when in an abandoned haunted house? You got it! You want a mix of both when in the mines of a nowextinct race? Sure! For reference, go look up Stonebridge Citys music. Its a perfect representation of music that fits and makes you feel into it.Story  The game isnt really that short, according to my 22.2 hrs on record which is the fully utilized time ingame, including the DLC. So, the story itself, you ask? It was... Eh? Mediocre? Alright? Without spoiling anything, its about the remnants of an ancient sect of an army of a longdestroyed  empire trying to fight back against a churchcrazy angelic messenger. Thats only the slight shortening of it. Allinall, the story drags on a bit both because you move slowly and because its kind of easy ot understand straight away.Gameplay  Okay, this is where it gets kind of long and slightly Thats just, like, your opinion, man! so a lot of people might disagree. Id say that the combat / gameplay is basically Torchlight 1 / 2 but way fasterpaced and with no delay between turns aka you constantly attack and have to be aware of your enemies. Its similar to Lord of the Rings  War in the North in that way. You can dodge, and it actually matters whether not you dodge, too. Especially with bullets and arrows which both move differently bullets in a straight line, and arrows arch meaning you wont get hit if you continuously move albeit you sacrifice attacking back as well as melee enemies. E.g. Certain enemies that lunge / jumpa at you and are unavoidable unless you dodge out of the way. Now, the thing with the dodging is that it literally gives you invincibility frames for the time of your dodging, meaning you can go straight through a magical missile attack the most common champion/boss attack, to be honest and be hurt for no damage. This makes blocking irrelevant aka USELESS, which is why using equipment that puts up block is, well, a waste of equipment.Graphics  This is obligatory by todays standards but, well, here it goes. Its got pretty good graphics for how well it runs on my computer, and my computer is I had to run it on normal settings and it still looked amazing. Of course, the female models have your generic sexualizedesque shapely figures but Im not one to complain. Katarinas clothing is generally stockings and corsets/loosely fitting blouses, so take that as you will. Lucas, the main tankknight character is the ONLY person I dont like because he looks odd. Its like the default mass effect Shepard models odd. It just looks very badly done. If youre expecting a lot out of the graphics, its no crisis or supedup Bethesda game graphics. Dont expect a lot.Companion System  I made this its own individual section because, honestly, talking about companion systems is important. Video game developers NEED to flesh them out if theyre going to do them correctly, romance or no romancewhich this game is the latter. The companion system works similar to Dragon Age Origins in that you get a point on your companions like bar relationship barSure, lets go with that! whenever you say somethin they agree with. The, suprisingly happy, part about this is that you dont lose points if they dont agree with you, meaning that decision you make in dialogue effectively serve to ONLY give you points towards companion acceptance. However, this system itself only serves to add to a bonusstat system within the game. The deeds. Specifically, the companions each have their own deed to give to you per relationship level you get them to 1 per character, but you can only realistically get one to level 3, so choose wisely or balance it out, Id choose one and offers X towards a stat e.g. 5 stamina. Oh, you thought theres more? No, thats it. Thats literally it. You cant even talk to your companions, they just occasionally jump in to say something when exploring or when they agree with you in conversations. This is something that developers need to work upon because this game couldve had an amazing Dragon Age/Mass Effect companion system. Anjali specifically as shes amazing idea for a character and whenever she jumps in on conversations, she has hints of a hothaha Im so punny...? personality in the makings.I may be the only person to actually care enough to make a legitimate review of this game. This game has the same curse as Dragon Age 2. Dont come in expecting a carboncopy sequel to Dungeon Siege 1/2. Go in expecting a quickpaced ActionRPG that was clearly made to be, well, new. It is a great timekiller game in its own right. Its just not the Dungeon Siege game you were looking for. Perhaps wait for the remake, if it ever happens. 