Here is a game that got completely overlooked. Partially with good reason as it is NOTHING like the previous titles in the Dungeon Siege franchise. While the game is still a hack and slash at its heart, theres nowhere near the amount of loot and customization typically associated with games of that nature. That doesnt mean there isnt a great game to be played here, just maybe not the one you expect.Instead of creating a custom character at the start of your adventure you are given a choice of four different characters. Each has a completely different ability set than the other and a somewhat different adventure in terms of who you meet and when. Ive played as all four and with the exception of one they are all a blast to play. I highly recommend trying out all of them whether it be in another play through you are required to complete certain tasks, like getting to level 20, as each character or in multiplayer. The game was made by Obsidian as well so the writing for all the characters is very solid and voice acting is pretty good.When it comes to combat this game doesnt disappoint. It DOES, however, almost completely require a controller. You would think playing with a KBM would fit a Dungeon Siege game but unfortunately, it doesnt. If you have a controller though, youre in for some great hack and slash combat with a fair amount of strategy especially on the hardest difficulty.Visually and audibly this game is pretty darn good. The music, while nothing special, fits the game enough. You wont be humming any of the tunes, but you wont be cursing the game for repetition. On the visual side, this game looks great for an isometric title. Even during cut scenes where you see your model up close there is a great amount of detail present and numerous visual effects that add to the level of immersion. The voice acting does Obsidians script justice as well.Last but not least, I have to mention  multiplayer. I played through the entire game about two times in multiplayer sessions and it is a BLAST if you have people who know how to use each character. Its almost necessary for the highest difficulty in the game to played with other people if you want to stand a chance. While the game can be enjoyed fine solo, its at its best in multiplayer sessions. Each player takes a different role and strategy really starts to come into play.Overall I highly recommend Dungeon Siege III assuming you have a controller. If you have a KBM I honestly cant recommend it as it is a pain to play that way. If, however, you have a controller and some friends to join you you are in for a treat.8/10 