Ok, first of all, let me say that this game has a few gamebreaking bugs that seem to annoy people to the point of rage quit.  And I was one of them.  This happens on all platforms of the game.  The main bug being that once you save your progress right before the Rajani boss fight.  If you skip all the sidequests and dont take the time to level up nor properly equip both of your characters, you will rage quit guaranteed.  There is no way to exit this level and you are locked in that area by a gate, regardless if you switch which mission to track.  She does not summon any minions that you can earn XP from to even attempt to level up during the fight.  I even knew that this would happen on a second playthrough and had two save files, the gate locks as soon as you enter the courtyard with one of two mini bosses you need to take care of first.  The only option is to restart the game entirely if you have no backup save file from before this area.  Unfortunately for me, found out this can also happen again when youre in the mission where youre in the town with the Grand Chapterhouse when its been overrun by the clockwork guards.  Luckily, there is an area in the lower part of town where you can save, battle 23 clockwork guards, save, quit, reload and theyre back to help you level up.  I needed to beef up my hit points and strength by about 4 levels before being able to continue.  Not many adventure fans that want to steamroll through the main campaign on Easy mode are going to have patience enough to grind your way through leveling up.As for multiplayer, seems a little broken as your friends progress wont be saved and I think they are equipped with your sidekicks equipment.  So if youre bad at equipping that character and chose poorly for their skills, its not going to be a fun ride for either of you.But, after knowing where the bugs are and how to save multiple files per character, the game isnt all that bad and is very pleasing to the eye.  Controls are a bit cluky, story a bit thin, but almost halfway through the game, determined to finish and do the DLC.PS There are a ton of resources online for recommended character builds that helped me tremendously.  The main being, dont try to spread your ability and proficiency points to make your character good at everything.  Select your abilities wisely and max them out ASAP.  Youll be better off.