Dungeon siege 3 is a tricky one. Its not like the previous games, it has issues, and the PC port has its own issues. Still, I would tenetively recommend it. If you can get past quality of life issues, there is a solid basis here. It feels rushed honestly, this seems like it was almost an excellent game. It took me about 19.5 hours to beat everything with one character, first run.The plot is good, with exceptionally well written dialogue and interesting characters. It brings to mind a much larger lore and makes the world feel like it retains a lot of mysteries. You always feel like you are playing someone important, regardless of the character you choose. The different sections all feel a bit too unrelated though. It comes toghether, but your actions in each area mostly only serve the story of that area.Graphically the game is still attractive 4 years since its release. Character models in particular look very nice. Though the selection of armors available is a bit small. The locations are diverse and all interesting, each with their own palette.Combat is pretty good, your character has a small set of abilities to use, 3 each in 3 different stances. Every one of them is useful, and you can customize them further with special character talents and proficiencies. The basics of combat are nice, with attacks building up your bar for special abilities. Special abilities and taking damage build up a bar used for enhanced specials and support abilities. This keeps you engaging enemies and rewards being active. There are a few viable ways to play each character, and each of them feels unique.There are downsides. The stats are a bit confusing, you will probably need to look online to see exactly what stats like warding or retribution do. This adds a bit of confusion to already rather dull loot, you will pick up a lot of items, but nothing is exciting. Its just more damage, more defense or more of one of the chaos proc effects. Your AI partner holds their own okay, they make decent, if incosistent use of their abilities. However, when they need to revive you its a crapshoot, sometimes they run into an enemy, or stand in a pit of fire trying in vein to run towards your corpse.The biggest issues the game has are all minor anoyances. Many, many minor annoyances. The UI was clearly designed for consoles, and while you can click through the menus, they are really inefficient at displaying information. Bizzarely, if you open up the equipment menu with the F key or any other shortcutted menu you cannot return to the main character menu, you have to manually exit out and then open it with its own hotkey. The movement and camera can also be a bit strange, and several times I was killed when I became stuck in a corner or an ability didnt activate. It also takes some finger juggling to activate your enhanced abilities, holding shift and punching in a number takes some getting used to. I never bothered with an enhanced support ability, but I suppose that would be spaceshift1,2 or3. Finally, and absolutely most confusingly, there only a minimap on your HUD, no dedicated maps. This is probably the biggest single problem I had with the game, and it makes finding your way to certain quests a guessing game until you figure out everythings locations.Overall dungeon siege III is a game that hurts from a transition to consoles. Even so, there is fun to be had, and I enjoyed it enough that I would recommend it to those who can ignore some rough spots. The game feels rushed, but the ideas behind it are solid, as is the story. I know this installment did not sell well, but I would like to see it built upon for a future release.