Dungeon Siege III is an action R.P.G. developed by Obsidian Entertainment and published by Square Enix. For centuries Legionnaires have protected the nation of Ehb until they were betrayed and all but driven to the brink of extinction. Years later, now that evil has returned to Ehb the people turn to the few remaining Legionnaires for the protection of the past. As an heir to the Legion will you accept this plea for help? Dungeon Siege III is the latest entry in the beloved long running classic roleplaying series from Square Enix. It is worth nothing though that this title is quite different from the previous games in the series.At the start of the game you choose one of four different character classes and set off on an adventure to take back the nation of Ehb from an evil force that has gained control of the land and declared war on all of the former protectors of Ehb known as Legionnairies. Dungeon Siege III has all the elements of a traditional roleplaying game with you, the player, gaining experience points through combat, various tasks, completing quests and discovering lore. You can use these points to upgrade your chosen characters abilities to your particular style of play through a fairly diversified skill tree. There is also a great amount of loot to be collected in the form of weapons, armor and trinkets that can be accquired through combat, exploration and different merchants scattered throughout the land. Choosing the right weapons and items for your character as well as for your companion are vital to your survival as the narrative plays out. Even though the plot in this game is a story that has been portrayed many times before, I was really entertained with the way it was presented in Dungeon Siege III and thoroughly enjoyed the adventure from start to finish.Graphically I think this game is beautiful, its played in a isometric topdown view much like Diablo and the Baldurs Gate titles. From the dense Rukkenvahl Forest, through the beautifully cobbled streets of Stonebridge to the mines of Glitterdelve and beyond, the environments of Ehb are varied and full of the little details that one looks for in games of this type. The title also uses a gorgeous color palette and blends in depth of field effects quite nicely both during gameplay and cutscene dialog. The sound quality is exceptional whether its the sound of combat, dialog or just ambient background noises as you travel across the land. Also of note is the terrific musical score which is quite memorable in this game. There are a couple of tracks that I would really like to own but sadly the soundtrack to this title is not available anywhere and believe me I checked. To summarize, I really like R.P.G.s that take you on a quest to a wide variety of locations and Dungeon Siege III excels at this while providing quite a visual feast for the eyes.I really enjoyed my first playthrough of Dungeon Siege III despite some problems with the camera angles at times during combat. The story was intriguing, the combat was alot of fun, the characters and lore was quite interesting as well. Each of the four available characters have vastly different styles of combat so the replayability of this title is high. I plan to go back and play again with each of the other characters at some point. Though I have to admit that for some strange reason I remember downloading and playing the demo of this game right before it launched a few years ago and I did not like it. I can only believe that is because of my gaming habits having changed around that time and me moving more towards R.P.G.s like The Elder Scrolls and Kingdoms Of Amalur and away from the oldschool roleplaying games that first captured my interest in the genre to begin with. I dont know...all I can say now is that this is indeed a great game despite all the HATE that it constantly receives and is RECOMMENDED for roleplaying gamers.