The graphics are good, the music is forgettable but in no way terrible. Clearly the story has been worked on there seem to be quite a lot of content there. But its wasted by the lack of choices. This is an action game before its a RPG, and it shows killing is your only argument and youll then be given an choice from the unconditionnal surrender of your enemy it gets too repetitive not to be ridiculus. Cant expect too much from a game in which all stats are combat related, and it is better than a completely linear story, just not by much.But then again, this could still be a pretty darn good action game right? Well...The camera controls are among the worst Ive ever seen. If you play coop like me, theres simply no choice you have to install the command line and tweak them into something playable itll still be pretty bad, but at least itll be playable. I also recommend the command line if you play in hardcore, because otherwise your damage output is too low and it takes forever to kill anything it doesnt make things less challenging, just less boring.I had to start a new game because I started with Lucas, the melee character, and it became apparent that my damage was so low it wasnt worth hitting enemies and blocking although its very effective was useless because I didnt have any taunt skill.Combat is repetitive. Ive seen this game compared to Diablo, with people not understanding how the two games are similar. Well, Diablos combat considered very repetitive by many is LESS repetitive than this games, and theres a simple reason for that in Diablo, your characters skills make your gameplay vary, making you want to level up to get new mechanics. In comparison, DS III would actually benefit from not having levels, as very few skills introduce new mechanics. Indeed, it would have been better to put the skills on equipement, which is otherwise just a collection of numbers theres no unique effects added to your characters attack.The simple combat mechanics of the game arent too bad though, just dont play if you dont have a controller. Theres just one attack button with a 3 attacks loop, no combo system, a nice dodge system by far the best part of this game, IMHO. The two stances mechanic was a good attempt at varying the gameplay, but its ruined by the loot system if you get a good item for one stance, the other becomes pretty much useless.Im not sure the game was play tested for its gameplay, as we found ourselves with way too much money effortlessly and yet nothing to spend it on, despite having bad equipement.The only bug we encountered a door preventing the main character from going to the boss room, effectively blocking any progress until we cheated our way in was caused by the camera tweak, so I dont have any complain there. 