I bought Dungeon Siege III with its DLC and the prior two DS games for 10 about five years ago.  I gave it a little bit of a start back then but decided to just sit down and finish it this time.  A little more than 24 hours later and I finished both the game and its DLC.  I played as Anjali and maxed out Influence with Lucas and got halfway there with Katarina, and barely used Reinhart.  I used an Xbox 360 controller for the whole game, playing in Fire Form and shooting people from afar and using her areaofeffect abilities when crowded.  Ill explain that in a bit.First, yes, Dungeon Siege III isnt really a good Dungeon Siege game.  To me, DS games were about fielding a rather large array of characters and playing Diablo with them, as opposed to the player and AI helper and summons thats been the norm since at least Diablo II.  Everyone had personality!  And instead of hitting an arbitrary experience level and being given points to allocate, you had a gain by doing system typical of some MMOs.  If you swing a melee weapon a bunch, youd gain ranks in the Melee class if you used Combat Magic, youd gain in Combat Magic.  It did things kinda differently even though its goal of being a Diablo killer didnt quite take.  So is Dungeon Siege III a bad game?  No.  Its just not really good as far as DS games of past, at least in terms of gameplay.  Its pretty different.Things are pretty bad for the 10th Legion in Ehb.  Supposedly they murdered the king three decades ago and some fanatic from the church is hellbent on killing every single Legionnaire, going as far as turning pretty much the entire country against them.  How lucky that youre one of the last few descendants of the Legion.  Join with your old friend Odo at the old Montbarron Estate and plot a counterattack!  Im sure nothing bad will happen before you get there...Dungeon Siege III is an action RPG like previous entries in the series, but combat is a bit different and theres an even bigger focus on story than even DS2.  Instead of creating a character from scratch, you instead have your pick between the swordandboard knight Lucas, the spear and fireballs archon Anjali, the handguns and rifle Katarina, and the magic and more magic Reinhart.  The story changes slightly based on who you pick, and youre able to meet the other three characters as you play and have them join you.  DS3s gimmick with combat revolves around the two stances.  One stance is designed to deal with multiple targets closeby, like when you get mob rushed.  The other is meant to handle single targets and for everyone but Lucas, youre able to attack at a great range with this.  The idea is to swap modes as combat progresses but I didnt really do that.  I cant remember any situation where you explicitly needed a ranged attack, so its largely down to the stances attacks and how comfortable you are with using them.When you level up, you slowly unlock additional attacks for your two offensive stances and enable options for your third defensive stance.  Each stance has three attacks and there are three options for defense, so you have nine total moves for each character.  Each move can then be enhanced five times each from a pool of two modsfor example, one of Anjalis Fire Form special attacks creates a burning field under her.  Your choice of enhancements are to simply boost the damage output of the attack or have it slowly heal any allies standing in its area of effect.  You are able to mix the effects, but youre limited to a max of five no matter what.  And youre also given points to provide unique passive boosts to your character, such as a percent chance to start regenerating health when damaged, a greater chance to crit a target at full health, or to simply boost one stat.  Though you cannot take control of your allies, you can still equip them and allocate skill points and so on as if you could, so theres still some customizing potential.  The Treasures of the Sun DLC adds the ability to completely respec your characters for 20,000 gold eacha little pricey but its the only way to undo mistakes youve made in your build during the game.DS3 has completely done away with potions.  Small orbs drop from containers or enemies during combatgreen ones restore health, blue ones restore Focus, and purple ones with yellow outlines restore Power.  Focus takes the place of traditional MP in this game.  You only ever have a max of 100 of it, and every special attack drains a set amount of it.  Its restored by using your regular attack on enemies.  Power is used to fuel your defensive stances moves as well as the empowered versions of every move, and thats restored by using your special attacks on enemies or taking damage.  Empowered basic attacks generally deal more damage or hit a wider area, but empowered special attacks have effects like much more damage, a wider range, or being able to affect your ally as well as yourself.  Empowered basic attacks are enabled as soon as you get the first Power orb, but getting it for special attacks requires you to use them quite a bit during your journey. The game at least lists the empowered benefit even before you purchase the special attack for use, so thats very handy.Theres still randomlyenchanted gear to find like in any ARPG.  You have a pretty spacious inventory of I think a bit over 80 slots, but it can fill up especially if you forget to dump your trash at the local merchant.  You can Transmute unwanted gear to get a fraction of its value in gold immediately and with the DLC, you can break down some gear to get reagents to apply to other gear with Enchantment, but I never really made use of it.  Everyone has eight equipment slots and navigating it wasnt too bad with a controller.  Each slot is a category and only the relevant gear shows up.  Youre given a window where what you have on is compared to what you have selected along with green and red arrows showing the changes in stats.  Takes out some of the guesswork when youve figured out how to read it at least.  This is the first game like this in a long time if ever where NPCs sold uniqueclass equipment.  They still drop, but it didnt feel like it was at random.  Theres no player stash so holding onto them isnt really useful.  They kept the pick up everything nearby button from the first two games though!  So looting wont be tedious at all.One problem I had with the game was that it took me a good while to really get into it.  I dont know how much of it was ugh this isnt Dungeon Siege of old wearing off, but it did finally endear itself to me.  Its too bad that point was roughly past halfway, though.  I didnt do multiplayer but it has a pretty weird setup.  You join someones game and you play as one of their characters...and you take nothing back with you.  Anything that drops stays with the host.  You dont even get experience points or progress through the story.  I didnt like the lack of fasttravel options.  No Town Portal, no warping between save points, just you and having to hoof it at a plodding max speed.  And...theres no way to save anywhere like the prior games.  There are several save points, but I ran into you cannot save until combat has ended more than a few times, even if enemies werent in the immediate area.  Pretty annoying.Overall, Dungeon Siege III isnt a bad action RPG.  Its likely not going to be fondly remembered and some would argue it was what killed the franchise, if itll be remembered at all.  To me, it didnt really do anything terribly unique, nothing that was memorable other than having a lot of polish, especially for an Obsidian game.  I had maybe two bugs and zero crashes the entire game, and thats pretty notable.  But yeah.  Its not bad, just not a good Dungeon Siege.