This is in my opinion a decent hack and slash title that imitates Diablo with a limited consequence system. For example, you get to make decisions such as letting someone live and that may benefit you or not later on.While I could complete the game on medium with a keyboard, a controller would have been far better as I rarely used the block function anyway.What the game has going for it is a nice colour palette, satisfying combat and a deep system to customise your characters skills and equipment rules. I also love is that there is next to no time for loading between areas and thankfully this game doesnt bother with a checkpoint system.Where it falls is that the characters arent that interesting. I played as Anjali who is a fire being of some kind. Yet her dialogue options were just dull. Now there are some funny lines from some of the characters so you will get a jolt of humour or two.Also the AI of your partner can be annoying at times as you have no control over it. When your character gets knocked out, your partner can you revive you. Now youd think that your partner would make it their priority to get you back on your feet. Wrong. Some times they will but sometimes theyll just mess about, doing their thing until either they finally come over or they die. Furthermore, if theres 4 characters, why can you only have 1 partner. Surely the mission to save the world yup, no points for plot originality would be better served with 4 peeps rather than 2.Finding your objective can also be tricky, especially with multiple levels of height in areas. Then theres the inventory system which while ok could be worked better. It takes time to get all 3 other partners but you can start getting their stuff from the get go. Stuff that only 1 person can use. Carrying it seems like a waste of space so there will be a ruthless amount of selling to be done.On the whole my experience with this game was positive. As mentioned above theres tons of loot, good enemy variety, interesting enemy variety and the world comes across as having depth. Eventually I will try a second character so replayability as well.RegardsOn the whole though, my experience with this game was positive. 