Did you enjoy Dungeon Siege 1 or 2? Do you like action rpgs like Diablo or Torchlight? Or you even enjoyed the DD lite Bauldurs Gate version for console? If you answered yes to any of these questions then dont buy this game.What DS3 does is a disgrace to aRPGs. Whats so strange is it from Obsidian, one of my favorite developers. How they messed this up so badly is beyond my comprehension. Let me point out a few of the flaws.CONTROLS  In all aRPGs the left mouse button moves your character around, attacks enemies that are highlighted, and picks up loot. In DS3 the left mouse is the attack key only. Its basically what most games have set as shiftattack since when you press it you stop what youre doing and preform an attack no matter if theres an enemy or not. Moving is the right mouse button. The move button does not attack at all. Picking up items is the E key. Yup, they took one simplistic function and divided it into 3 buttons that will confuse and frustrate you. Thats just one example of how badly they messed up the control scheme here.CHARACTER  Character development should be an important aspect of any RPG. You are presented with 4 different characters to choose from, all with different abilities, and a decent back story. So in the beginning youre thining youll be able to develop and grow this person. Nope. Firstly, you are not allowed to zoom in on your character for a closeup look. When you get new weapons and armor their apperance changes, but you can never really get the feel of how much more badass you are. Combine that with the worst inventory management system Ive seen in 10 or more years. You are never allowed to view your character in an inventory screen and see good your new loot looks. And if that wasnt enough, when you interact with other characters in the game you are only ever shown the other persons face. Basically once you choose your avatar, and begin the game, you will never be allowed to relate to them again. Match that with a talent tree that doesnt give you a choice as to what to develop. You are forced to unock all abilities in each tier.GRAPHICS  There is one major problem here. Peoples eyes look like they are dead. Everyones eyes in this game is slightly whited out and it seriously feels like they are the eyes of the deceased. Also a problem is the UI. I mentioned some of it with the inventory, but the UI is just bad all around. Not to mention your characters abilities icons arent very good. They dont do a good job at representing what each ability does.SAVE POINTS  Really!? Save points in a game!? Its the 21st century is there anyway we could have just moved past this? Was it in Square Enixs contract to publish this game it had to have Save Points instead of an autosave feature, check points, manual save? Oh, and when you do save instead of just selecting the save slot, you must first select the save slot you want and then you have to actually go to the bottom of the screen and press the save button. An unnecessary step and only further points out the bad programing decisions that were made in this games development.MULTIPLAYER  Last but certainly not least is MP. You do not bring your avatar into a MP session. You are only allowed to play as one of the Hosts NPC buddies. Yes, playing with friends means you do nothing more than waste your time while your friend gets to complete the game. Which leads me to my final complaint...AI  You unlock NPCs in the game that help out on quests. Basically theyre the pets of most aRPGs. Except the pets of most aRPGs are vastly better programmed than these human counterparts. They wander around in combat, barely helping at all. In fact, this game would have faired better if they had just not included them. IMHO it feels like they were behind on development and the team never got around to actually fleshing the NPCs out.Pros  From all that badness there is some good. The story is well written and developed. Voice acting is good. Game runs well. 