I can recommend this game, but its not fantastic.note, dont worry if my playtime is very low  I played this when my internet didnt workIf you were looking for a worthy successor to the first two games, you wont find it here.  This feels nothing like its predecessors.  That said, it isnt a purely horrible game, just not the sequel we were looking for and nothing amazing in its own right.we get is pretty linear which the others were somewhat, but a decent amount of ARPG exploration was introduced in the second game with little to find off the beaten path.is simple, as skill choice isnt immensely important and works out to about 1.5 builds per character type so not much replayability within a character type.  In previous games, we had skill choice mixed with a variety of spell choices you could equip at leisure but, still had particular types that were affected by the skills., a feature that was pretty much a signature of the Dungeon Siege series, has been reduced to 2 characters at a time which, if memory serves, was at least 4 in the other games.  They have introduced some interaction between characters as well as their liking or disliking your choices, but not with much depth I barely noticed it.were actually really nice, especially on Anjali who looks so awesome in archon form or with lategame armor, you feel a bit underwhelming as the other characters.  I gotta admit that.was pretty fun too.  Theyve set up each character to have two types of combat stances, and switching between them can actually make for some versatile combat and does allow you to make your build more interesting.are somewhat varied.  You find a lot of classspecific stuff, though actually, I think most of it was.  You find a decent amount, but dont upgrade them extremely often.  Some people like that, some people dont up to you.works but isnt extremely memorable.  That said, you see more if it and of your characters than in previous games.  So, better!are pretty standard, but some do offer a degree of choice.  Again, not to a degree that makes it special, but it is a nice addition.The game isnt horrible, or even bad.  I CAN recommend it, because it can be some good fun.  Just dont expect anything amazing and pretend this is called Journey Into Dungeons or something and is not part of the Dungeon Siege series and you should have a good time.  It does very little that is special, but doesnt do things that are overtly wrong either.  It is a solid experience, but I couldnt bring myself to replay it. Nice Visuals Fun Combat General Simplicity if you like that sort of thing Small parties Linear world General Simplicity if you dont like that sort of thingEverything else is just plain neutral.