Hello guys!After rolling for an hour around a bottomless pit, finnally shooting down my enemy and then dying only to realise I have forgotten to save the game, I believe Ive experienced enough to write a review about this game.Ill go back to the idea of the first sentence later on, but since its a positive review, I feel obliged to start with the positive aspects of the game. My history with Dungeon Siege began with the second game in this series. DSII was an unforgettable experience, Ive played it through 67 times probably. The major thing that stood out was epicly, originally and vividly told story. This is the same with DSIII and it is probably going to be the major thing that keeps you playing this game. If I would have to name any comparable games taking into account only this aspect of the game, Id choose Dragon Age Origins and Fallout New Vegas. DSIII offers the ability to shape the games ending to your liking and that is what you can find in those two, even if theyre slightly better at it. In addition to that, DSIII connects to the lore of its predecessors thus making the game more enjoyable for the fans of the franchise.DSIII also offers a nicely looking environment and perfectly fitting soundtrack. Actually, there were many moments throughout the game when I wished I could just turn the camera around and enjoy a full view of my surroundings while listening to that calm out of combat music... Anyway, even checking out things that are allowed by the camera is really satisfactory. This aspect could be simply put like this basically it goes the same for any fantasy RPG does this game create a world you would like to live in? Yep, DSIII most certainly does. The world in this game is vivid and immersive as much as the story and thats what I really liked about this game. The only minor drawback for graphics is a lack of various item sets. Most of the equipment youll find will look almost the same. On the other hand, its nice to finnally have a matching gear for a change rather than walking arround with red plate leggings and gauntlets, yellow shirt and blue hood just because theyre good.The negative part of this game is pretty much everything else and I can understand the negative reviews. The combat and camera mechanics are quite terrible. This game moved from what I believe is hack and slash to action RPG by reducing the amount of enemies you encounter at once and removing the abillity to sustain damage by using loads of healing potions. Instead you get rolling mechanics like in dark souls. So the fighting pretty much comes to this you hit once and then you roll. If the enemy is slower, you may hit 23 times, if youre fighting faster enemies, theyll hit you anyway and you can die in seconds. That is especially true if you chose to be a warrior. There is no balance between classes or enemies. Some bosses are really hard, some are puny. Talking about the pit I had to roll around... This was because the boss I was fighting had special attack that steals life. The attack does not even have to hit you, that boss can leech health out of thin air... Inorder to avoid that, you have to stay far away from the boss and still be able to hit it. Thus, rolling around the pit. Not to mention that various stones get in your way by making you stuck... So, yeah, the combat is rather irritating. And for someone, that hasnt played previous Dungeon Sieges this will probably negate all joy that can be gained from playing DSIII.Also, there are other things that get in the way lack of customization, underdeveloped player characters, overall linearty of the game, sometimes really silly dialogue options, almost no use for most of the gear and stats sorry, this may be misleading, but I think going for stamina is the best for any type of chatacter, crappy saving system seriuosly, why cant I save anywhere out of combat??... All this makes the game average rather than good. If I were to rate it, my final score would be 6/10 and probably Im adding one extra only out of love for DS universe.To wrap it all up, I believe, that this game would find its place in the hearts of people who can ignore all technical flaws just to experience a good story. And if youll excuse me for dreaming a little, we could have a DS IV that competes with such masterpieces like Dragon Age, if only they made an amazing, technically fluent gameplay within the world of Dungeon Siege.Cheers! 