Lots of folks giving it negative review because it doesnt resemble the previous DS games. True, this game is vastly different then anything before. This however isnt a good argument to give this game a bad review, I even prefer games that try out something new, even if it means completely changing the game mechanics.That being said, the current game has horrendous character controls, took me forever to figure out how to interact properly in combat. Lot of combat abilities used require of you to point your mouse in the direction you want them cast. In a bigger fight, with lots of mobs and numerous particle effects Id constantly kept losing sight of pointer and would end up casting stuff in direction where there were no mobs or only a few of them. Quite frustrating. Too many stats and too generic gear that made gearing up so frustrating and a huge waste of time.Game storyline, while having an interesting backbone, appears to have been written by a 12 year old. While it was interesting to revisit some of the locations from original DS, the NPCs and playable characters  companions are so bleak with robot like interactions that made each convo in the game extremely cringy. Youre also given an illusion of choice through dialogue, but in reality the development of events in the game arent affected at all. These choices only affect the final cutscene after you finish the game and influence you gain with your companions give you some small passive stat boosting perk.Now, a few things I did like is that game went in another direction. Completely revamped, you no longer drag entire army with you, instead you duo the game with one of 3 companions you get. Each companion/playable character is unique and has vastly different abilities from the other 3. This makes for an interesting experience, trying to figure out which combo is best for your play style. Also each char has two different stances, usually one for single mob fights boss fights usually and one for group pulls. Game also introduces transmuting and essences, which allow you to mend your gear and add one of 5 possible stats to your gear costs a bit, but usually worth it, especially in final act of the storyline.My final score for the game would be 2.5 out of 5, though you could say Im biased. I really loved the original DS, but the 3rd installment as a standalone game isnt an RPG at all but a quickly made hack n slash, and not a good one. 