Let me start off by saying I have not played the first two Dungeon Siege games, so I cannot say this game did or did not kill the series or something like that. And although this was my first Dungeon Siege, I can honestly say I immensely enjoy this game. I loved how I could actually control my characters movements instead of just clicking on some part of the map and wait for them to get there. It makes me feel more involved. Also, the combat was absolutely great and at times a great challenge. The abilities the four heros have were all fun to use, and they each felt different from the others. Something that really impressed me was that when you change any part of your armor, so too did your character. I do not tend to see my characters look change with other RPG games like this one, so it was just nice to see something as simple as this being implemented.Now, despite what I said, I still have faults with the game. I have to agree with many others when saying that camera was a pain at times. It was too close to the player, and at times it made me feel constricted. However, is the camera beyond awful and ruin the whole game? No, not even close. I also would find myself getting stuck in objects towards the later levels for some reason. I would be walking then uh oh, I am now stuck in a log, or what have you. I also see many complain about the confusing skill tree, clunky AI, bad controls, and for some reason picking up objects. I really do not understand their complaints because one the skill is so simple to use. You literally choose what ability you wantonly certain levels let you pick an ability, where you want your proficiency, and what talent you want. It is so straight forward. As for the AI, I have never had a problem. My companion was always helpful  I have not played coop and never felt useless, and the enemies were not mindless oafs. I also thought the controls were just fine. There was nothing confusing about them I played keyboard and mouse. And picking up objects? Really? If there are a lot of items near you, press ctrl. You now just picked up everything. No reason for that to be a struggle.If this is your first Dungeon Siege game because apparently this is not worthy of being called a Dungeon Siege, or if you like action RPGs, I recommend this game. It is beautiful, addictive, and the story is actually pretty awesome. I got hooked with it and felt really involved in it. It really is a solid gaming experience, and I wish more people could see that. I also recommend getting the DLC as well. Raises level cap, grants enchanting weapons and armor, and adds a good lengthy and engaging mission. The game is great and I highly recommend picking this one up.