Dungeon Siege I  especially Dungeon Siege II where one really big part of my gaming history while I was a kid, I loved them! So, I was really excited when I heard that a new Dungeon Siegegame will come out. But then I saw the negative reviews of how disappointed the people were... so I waited for a sale and grabbed it, with good conscience. The whole series only cost me 5 bucks  so I left out my daily dosis of coffee and pizza... nevermind.I started the game and thought...and this throughout the game. But lets see...good was that it was over... ...oh! and you can block and dodge now... ...a nice battle sytem its different good graphics exceptable soundtrack...thats it...please dont be mad, ok? But I cant find a mass of positve aspects. The problem is, that DS I  II are different... In a better way. Dungeon Siege III offers flat characters sad biographies only 4 characters available no own hero horrible inventory the story is mehh.. 08/15 too easy? also on legendary poopy endboss dead multiplayer with terrible camera its pretty linear no openworld, only elements bad leveldesign... similar to a long hallway NPCs are too powerful... ...often they arent recognised by the enemies its NO Dungeon Siege!Yeah... as you can see, it is not my game. Even if I played over 40 hours. But trust me, one big problem is, that I loved DS I  II but DS III is in comparison with those just... poop. You were able to play with more than just 2 guys in your group it was openworld the classicinventory was there you had your own hero, with your individual hair, skin, face and name! And not Lucas some kind of a knight... like this 2011decal.I have nothing against a game franchise trying out different styles so long as its good or enjoyable. I also asked other friends, who like RPGs and didnt knew the Dungeon Siegeseries and they were also not impressed or interested in playin.Maybe my review is so bad because I was guided by the other two parts, but let me tell you, that other RPGgames are more fun. So if you still decide to buy the Dungeon Siegeseries, play DS III first  it has nothing to do with the other parts and you wont be disappointed.If you also dont care for graphics, the other two parts are a good variety. you are a solid game but cant keep up with your older siblings. But you will not be disadvantaged.If you want some more details  look into the comments! 