Before I begin My opinion on this game is actually neutral if it is leaning more towards the negativ than the positiv, just not enough to honestly justify a thumbs down.Now I, like many other fans of the series, was excited when I heard news about about a new DS and couldnt wait to play it. Sadly my enthusiasm was quickly destroyed by two things1. You cant create your own character, instead there are 4 you can choose from.2. Those character have 2 styles each.Now for those who dont know whats so bad about it let me explain In DS you could always create your main character, the companions however where precreated obviously and your fightingstyle as well as your skill were determined by your playstlye. This mean that if you continued to use a certain style your character would get better and better with it. And , at least in DS 1, the stats for that style would raise as well.Well in the end, after it was avaible for a few bucks, I decided to play it anyways and quite honestly was exactly what I suspected it to be if slightly worse in some aspects.Now first of the good things about itThe combat all around seem more dynamic, while it was very possible to win with little to no movement in the first two games that would be a death ticket in this one. Some might hate it but I kind of like it even it it is sometimes kind of clumsy.It looks good, well most of the time... and yes I know graphics are not everything.The story CAN be interesting, or at least entertaining. Especially if you take a drink everytime someone says Jeyne     Kassynder in a dramatic fashion.Now its weakpointsThose fcking bosses, now dont get me wrong, I love a challenging boss like everyone else but if its difficulty is purely based on it having ton of HP as well as respawning minions? Not so much. There are bosses where it make sense the warbeast comes to mind but most of the time it fells more like the developers were lazy.The characters are just stupid. No really they are. Imagine this Your antagonist, who by the way controls the entire army of the church, wants every legionaire and anyone connected with the legion dead.... what do they do? RALLY ALL SURVIVORS IN THE ING MANSION OF THE GRANDMASTER! Sure! Its not obvious or anything like that, not like Jeyne could have spies nearby or anything like that! The next destination after the obvious happens? THE LAST CHAPTERHOUSE! Are those guys ?!While I am at it I really wish I could have told some of those guys to go screw themselves.Those triggered fights, to summarize You see an obvious foe you attack nothing happens. You go closer, a cutscene starts and BOOM! in the middle of an ambush or something similar. Not to bad with the meleefighter but as a ranged one?The desing on several character is just... ugh... really just uncomfortable. Old character sometimes look like albinos in their 30s and they will NEVER. STOP. MOVING. THEIR. EYES! Really ?! Look me in the eyes and not at the ceiling damn it!It just didnt fell like a DSgame... instead it relied on references to older game while practically screaming that its a DS aswell and we should notice it.Square EnixIn the end? Is the game good? No not really but its also not horrible either instead its in that weird limbo where some will like it while others despise it.Now if this games catches your fancy, buy it but wait for a sale. It can be fun but you wont miss anything. But if you really REALLY need to play it Play as Anjali, makes for a better story.