TLDR Mostly Dungeon Siege in name only. The setting is good, the skill system is lacking. Slightly above mediocre, give it a try.Dungeon Siege 3 is an odd one. It got more to do with the first DS game than DS2 ever did, and at the same time, has almost nothing of what made us love those two games.First of all, DS3 is set in Ebh several decades after the Seck incursion from the first game. DS3 contain enough tidbits of lore to make this connection plausible, and you even visit several places from the original game. It seems to me that Obsidian took care to tie DS3 in with the first game, unlike DS2, which is set on another part of Aranna. The plot revolves around events and characters related to the 10th Legion which founded the Kingdom of Ebh in the first game.The story is alright, even if character development and backstory is a bit wonky. All the player characters are desendants of the 10th Legion almost all of them, at least, but I feel Obsidian could have fleshed out this part better, or even added  more information into the game. I felt especially one of the party members couldve gotten a better backstory. She was interesting to be sure, but Obsidian did not act on it.Graphics and performance for a four years old game is good. The visual effects from attacks, spells and powers look pretty good.I got two major gripes with Dungeon Siege 3 The party systemYou can only have two party members at any given time. You and one of the other three. Even if you can switch whenever you like, it simply isnt a Dungeon Siege game without the possibility of a large party. To make this even more irritating, the other two companions that you dont bring along is nowhere to be found. At least they could wait for you at the HQ or something, but no, they are with your party, without being there. Skills, powers and lack of spellsThe original DS had no powers, only regular attacks and a huge amount spells. DS2 fleshed out this system significantly, with fewer spells but a load of powers for each class, which greatly improved replayability and customization. DS3 removed all spells. Instead, each of the four classes got 9 powers/abilities the mage abilites look like spells, at least tied to a focus bar. Each ability have two additional improvements which you choose on level up.What we are left with, is a system with minimal customization, 9 powers for each character, several of those which are almost identical, and not a lot of reason to replay the game. Too bad. It gets a bit old when you use the same two or three powers throughout the entire game. Reinhart Manx is one of the most powerful party members, but for a mage, his arsenal of powers is somewhat lacking.All in all, I liked the game, but it could have been so much more. Its cheap, give it a try.Edit Finished the DLC as well. It is actually surprisingly good, and worth buying. Adds a higher level cap, a whole new area Aranoi desert and a good storyline. Not the longest DLC ever, but it gives you a few hours of fun. 