First of all lets get one thing cleared out quickly apart from the name dungeon siege 3 , this game does not have much to do with the other games apart from being set in the same world nor does it carry on the traditional style the first two games had.I can only recommend this game as a separate rpg and not a dungeon siege rpg game. With that Obsidian got many things right with the game and many things horribly wrong. Overall its a decent rpg game with a single expansion that can easily last for about 30 hours. The story is good enough to carry on till the end.Pros Good story decisions affect it a lot , every decision aftermath is narrated nicely in the end making you want to play the game again and correct a few decisions. Good graphics and a decent sized world to play in. Tons of side quests and lore to find and has a nice gps style helper to lead you to the quests if you have trouble finding the locations. Coop is a hit and miss , surely no one plays it and the camera would mess it up worse but its always nice to play a 4 player coop in story modeCons The controls are kinda good and horrible it fails to have a proper point and click nor a keyboard oriented control, which means you will be moving around awkwardly and missing tons of attacks. Aiming is horribly hard which made me stick to melee only. Mad camera view points, its the worst enemy , never use the mouse to control the camera. As with Obsidian games before the game crashes a lot and freezes up frequently in cut scenes. Terrible skills most of it is not needed and it makes the game more complex The game has a lots of unwanted complex stats instead of the standard attributes most rpgs limit themselves , just go for anything that increases attack and health leechvampire , They tried to copy the DD attributes but gave up and its just confusing. Boring loot the rare items can become more better than unique items which should not happen in  a rpg. Companions are terrible and there isnt any romance or side quests related to them either.It would certainly be sad that square enix killed off the dungeon siege series after how badly this game did , because this game sets up the story nicely for more sequels to be made in the series.