Original, not Dungeon Siegelike.Guns and skills Boss fights Challenging Various enemies Minibosses New skill system Controls can be adjusted Lore Dialogues Graphics Your decisions let go or kill or befriend affect your endgame and outroscene You are warned about strong enemies ahead Save point or auto save before boss fights 4 playable classes New healing system Mana Focus is useful for nonmagicians too You gain boosts by good decisions Rare drops and treasures Hardest difficulty is really hard Game brings more fun in 2nd Chapter and furtherNot Dungeon Siege Saving system is limited to save points Enemies respawn in cleared areas 1st Chapter is boring feels like Training ground Most nonboss minions are weak Limited camera view Only 2 camera views You control one character only Only 2 heroes at once No character customization Not many sidequests You have to travel a lot by foot Causeways teleports are useless Inventory is limited You are overpowered with DLC Casual difficulty is hardDungeon Siege 3 has changed and you are introduced to a new game that only shares history with other two titles. It has different controls, is set forth in time and you are presented with more modern battles, guns and cannons. People complained about DS2 saving game, now you are presented with more save slots but on certain check points.Since beginning, it seems like very easy game, most attacks can be dodged and enemies do not kill you with one hit even on Hardest difficulty. Suddenly, after few hours in, you meet your first real opponent, you get to meet boss. If you thought it is going to be running through paradise with nice graphics and boring storytelling, you are WRONG. First boss makes you use your brain and tactics in practice. Basically, whole game spawns you with weak to moderate minions at which you will practice your skills, untill late game where these minions become strong as their numbers grow. The hardest part of game are boss fights, there are plenty and interestingly different from each other.I can not forget to mention minibosses, Lore if you like reading stories, nice outfits which affect your stats. Forget everything about stats from previous titles. This time you are not earning points towards some skill, for example mellee or ranged or magical but you get 9 powers, 3 superpowers only DLC, you add points towards them which add bonuses, so 1 power has 2 options for bonuses which can be maxed out with 5 points. By the end of game, you will have unlocked all 9 powers but can add maxed out bonuses only to half of them.The big issue is a camera which is moving by A/D by default which can be edited and you are presented with close to action sight and a little further sight which is not far enough and close camera is also not close enough. If you want to see your character upclose, you can do it in conversations but mostly they are turned by back to you. But seeing your character upclose is possible by moving towards the wall and looking from above wall. Not being able to see far across the field may be frustrating sometimes but brings you a little surprise and is not overally destroying the experience, it just needs a little getting used to it and adjusting your controls not me.Most of time I was not reading Lore, but enjoyed talking to characters, sometimes simple, but mostly you have options which will affect the outcome, sometimes slightly, in main quests will change your fate in end cutscene, and you certainly want to ask everything possible so you do not jump up on some tough boss without proper preparation. Before every boss fight and even without that reason, you have check point to save your game or game automatically saves, so you can go back and make yourself better, change companion or whatever.Last important thing that is not similar to previous titles, you only control one character at once and can have one active companion so you can fight with two heroes at once. Game offers you with 4 heroes total to choose from. There is not gender customization, you just take already prepared character with some predispositions and history. So your main characters are mellee fighter Lucas, combat magician Anjali, support magician Reinhart, ranged Katarina.Know that healing is mandatory, if you fall your companion revives you, but can be interrupted by enemy attacks. There is no thing as automatic health regeneration but skill that heals you by few points per second. Your mana is called Focus and is fueling your skills and strong attacks. Later you are presented with orbs which will accumulate by attacks and can be used in DLC for super powers which are very effective in late game.Which character to choose? What is difference?Lucas has most armor, is overally useful in midgame and gets overpowered equipment in DLC.Anjali is good healer for earlygame but does not have too much armor, can summon Fire Jackal.Reinhart is strong support and good in lategame, moderate armor. Strong against bosses.Katarina is almost naked so no armor, summons Black Hound. Her strength is her fire gun.You can gain influence over your companions while you make a good decision. This influence will create some boosts. There are more boosts to aquire by simply achieving main quests and making right decisions. Side quests make nice addition to game, but often you will have to go back on the map and return for reward since you already managed to travel across quiet some space.In midgame you have teleports available but forget those in previous titles. Again, you have original Causeways which only permit you to go to your previous important locations hideouts and entrances to some dungeons and are very few, and mostly you will use these for main quest purpose. It does not make your game easier for moving around world. It just tries to get you on vibe this game is fantasy and relates to the old titles which are in fact different.I must not forget your inventory is limited so selling some of your stuff is useful, not only at the beginning when you try to raise some funds for getting better gear which is in fact not so good from the drops. But as you proceed in game, you will have better equipment and variety in goods and more sellers. I achieved 300k gold by the end of game which I could not use other way better than empowering my ring with special orbs only for DLC which made my game easy.In fact, I would seriously struggle without DLC, the Hardest difficulty is a real challange and read reviews of people who struggled on Casual difficulty, so think of your patience first. If you already read all my review, you will be able to withstand the Hardest challenge available. This game is awesome and first impression of it being different, what a surprise, will it get better? changed to this game is awesome and addicitve.DLC is worth too much. I became overpowered after finishing the storyline of DLC. I got some overpowered equipment for Lucas as he was my companion. To that, got nice superpowers. And story of DLC and world around is nice, you also get to see your characters up close as game itself never shows them to you in the face, rather just from back. It is challenging as well, untill you discover the last superpower which makes you so absolutely strong against main game bosses that it feels almost like cheating.