Having played the FIRST TWO Ds, several times. it was with some trepidation that I bought this game on Steam. It was interesting, but way difficult at first. Basically, just hack and slash, run to the Light column to get revigorated and go back for more. Leveling was tedious, and the WIMP knight could not fight his way our of a paper bag. The girls, on balance had much easier time with mobs, albeit took a few weeks of sameole hack and slash of the same old mobs to get levels and skills to an acceptablwe levels. LOOT sucks. It is not always visable, get bounched to inaccessible areas, but usually not worth spending time to recover. Now, zones are locked until you complete certain quests or objectives,  STATS appear to be ambiguous, and gear is hard comebye. you can not autopickup lot, but must click on it. Not sure if weight is a factor, but usually is in these games. Healing is readily available at the LIGHT collumns., but configuring the toons was SOOO  mysterious, with no readily available help, at least while I played. Someone said/posted there is a help file to guide in the config quagmire, but I never found it. So, after weeks, literally hundreds of hours, I got thru all four characters to the Boss. Each time you enter a NEW zone, it will autosave, and you are locked in. You can NOT go back, you can not get out. SO it you are not upto the level of the mobs, you will lose. And while you can restart from previous zone save, it gets to be a real PIA after 1015 retries. The biggest , for me, is the FINAL savegame, after completion, got LOST or deleted, BUT NOT BY ME. So, this prevents me from accessing the DLC, paid for TY VM.,and it appears Steam disavows and responsibility. Trying again for the 15th time to REDO the Boss fight, it appears they gave the Old Boy some steroids, cause he wipes out BOTH of my best toons, repeatedly. Overall, the game is similar to the first two, but since you do not have any physical disks, must abide by Steam rules, and at the mercy of some serverintheSky to maintain your files and saved games, it is barfely worth the 50 discount cost. This must be a Steam policy, as EQ, again paid for, got wiped and cant be played without some additional fees being paid, so I was told when I attempted to log in....The Community groups are great help, mostly. I recommend the game, if, ONLY IF, there is a 50 price reduo, and GET SOME HELP files. Having played these games for 25 years, or more, back to PM and Donkey Kong on Atari, OK, 35 years, I thought I had a decent idea of how it should go, but NOOO. It appears that some of the special skills or attributes are worthless, and dont work most of the time. Made HOT KEYA for all of those, but they are intermittent, That is, you takes your chances. In Boss fights, you do NOT have any time to recon, reconfig, or GUESS. They will cream you. It would be nice to have some healing Pots or some decent gear, but you can only get what you can scavenge. Cheats might help, but are against Steam policy. IF you are tenatious, persevere, keenly observant, and have the patience of JOB, read that book sometime like Gilgamesh, yo might just win. It became really work to get past the fisrt Boss, the flame lady, as she is torqued and way outclassed my TWO tooms. And the dapper Gent is no gentleman. REM, SAVE often, and become very very afraid. Col JD M 