Dungeon Siege III is an odd duck. The characters you play as have very specific personalities and backgrounds, unlike the prior games in the series. Although this was a good idea, since random farmer and random mercenary isnt exactly good writing to use all the time in a series, the characters were largely forgettable. Its been about a year since I played, and despite having spent a good 20 hours in the game, I can only recall a man with black hair, and older gentleman with graying hair, and a woman who is some sort of fire elemental. With five characters, that means Ive completely forgotten the identities of two of them.These established characters also have very specific abilities they can use. In the first two games, there were tons of different spells, and you could set your character up to learn all sorts of them, as well as using a variety of different types of weapons. In DSIII, however, the established characters have far less options. I normally hate the term dumbing down, because it tends to be elite hardcore jerks who use it to talk down about a game for doing anything differently. However, I am actually in favor of established characters to choose from, and characterspecific abilities to choose from, but I felt that DSIIIs abilities just didnt feel right for me when I played.There is a fair bit of lore in books you can find as you go through the game, but I never found any of it interesting, despite reading everything I could find. The main storyline wasnt very interesting, either, in my opinion. There was a little mystery involving a grove, but the pacing wasnt good and...well, let me stick on that point. I felt that this game has awful pacing. The story and quests had me consistently bored. I must have played this during a time in my life where nothing was really going on, because if I had played it now, I would have stopped a couple of hours in, at least.I cannot recommend a game that had me so perpetually bored by its gameplay, story, and lore. If you want a good action RPG, I would recommend either Diablo II, Diablo III, or The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing the first one and maybe the second one.