The game works fine for me  albeit, Rockstar did a shoddy job with optimising the port to PC. .But the game itself is good. Dont refer to my hours  I had the original nonSteam release back in the day and only recently bought this on special to add to my Steam Library.Im writing up this guide to not only praise a bit of a classic but also to help the Steam community in getting the game to run. Working in Corporate Information Technology for decades has its perks!Please note I am proudly using Windows 7 still. The process may or may not work on Windows 8 or Windows 10. Download and install the game as you normally would. Steam should go through five install processes during setup  two of those processes will be a DirectX update and the Windows LIVE update. Sucks, I know  but I only said I would guide in how to get it running... Launch the game  Steam should prompt for you to note the serial number down. I noted it, but didnt need it as it copied to clipboard. Write it down anyway. Skip  the Social Club login and select Play Offline The game should launch. Before doing anything, log into Windows LIVE with your Hotmail / Outlook / LIVE account. If you dont have one  create one prior. LIVE will then prompt for your serial key  it should already be there. If not, refer to what you noted down. If your serial and password are correct, LIVE will pull your profile down. We are not done yet! Give LIVE a few moments after login to apply an AUTO UPDATE  once this is downloaded, the game should close and the Windows LIVE update will apply. We are not done yet!  Navigate to the folder where you installed GTA. Usually under Steam  SteamApps  Common In the Grand Theft Auto IV folder, navigate to the GTAIV folder. RIGHT click on the GTAIV EXE file and go to PROPERTIES then select COMPATIBILITY. Check the tickbox for Run this program in compatibility mode and select Windows XP Service Pack 3 Check the tickbox for Run this program as Administrator. Click OK. Repeat this process for the other two EXE files in the same folder.  gta4Browser and gtaEncoder You should be done now. Good luck, cousin! Now we can go Bowling!