Rockstar released an update for this game on 11/29/16. Thats actually surprising. Although it didnt do the wellneeded removal of GFWL, it still fixed a lot of problems. Compatibility with modern hardware and Windows 8, 8.1, and 10. No more nomemrestrict and norestrictions ! Social Club works now. Its doesnt require you to login on bootup anymore, and instead gives you a text box about Social Club and a play button. Multiplayer now works on Windows 8, 8.1, and 10. Slight optimizations. The game runs a bit better now. For me, Vsync now locks to 60 FPS instead of 52 FPS.But theres still problems with the game. GFWL is still in the game. Why? Its old and outdated DRM that Microsoft doesnt support anymore. It just causes problems. Game can still have frame dips here and there. Antialiasing is nonexistant. It would be nice to have an antialiasing option added to the video options.Although the game still have GFWL, I feel like the update did A LOT to fix this horrendous PC port. But the review will still standbecause GFWL is still baked into the game. Im not sure why they didnt remove it. I figured they would know that no one likes GFWL. Im assuming its either impossible or it depends on what Microsoft says. Either way, its awful DRM, and needs to be removed. Now dont let that turn you away from the game completely. Its not impossible to get around it. Its just annoying. You can easily get past GFWL in a few minutes and never have to worry about it.With that said, you can read my original review below. I decided to strikethrough all the fixed problems in the review.Now lets start off with the positives of this game to start this off with a positive note the red thumbs down isnt helping that but its whatever.The game itself is great. I would know because I played it and beat it on 360 before joining the PCMR. Great story, sounds, graphics, and dialogue. Voice acting is a bit above average. Theres a good amount of content as well, from the long story to the side activities like bowling and getting a drink with the various friends you can make. Its 2016 so you should know how this game plays out, but in case you havent, theres a crash course of it.This is a bad PC port. Like, really bad. The GTA V is leaps and bounds better than this disaster. Granted that the game is old,I can open Half Life 2 and Counter Strike 1.6 on my PC with no problems. The graphics options are pretty good, to Rs credit, but theres missing options. Wheres antialiasing? And even maxed out, my 960 4GB doesnt even get 60 FPS, as this port has horrible optimization. It hovers around 52 FPS with the Shadows on High and all sliders at 70 and everything else maxed out, which is definitely playable if you arent a PC elitist that thinks 52 is choppy, but for a game that only requires a 256MB GPU, I should be getting 60 locked with no problems. Thats ridiculous. At least it runs better than 360 and thats what Im happy about. And why is EFLC released as a seperate game itself? Couldnt you just add it as DLC under GTA IV? What is that all about?Luckily, you dont need to sign in to Social Club to play the game.And the preparation was unneeded and tedious. I had to install GFWL which is a negative in itself as I dont need two DRMs to play my gameIts definitely playable with the prep and the right settings, but its just not needed. This is a bad port, and thats enough to justify a negative review. This is about the only time Rockstar ever effed up, aside from the terrible GTA online launch from server overload.Should you buy?