So this game is awesome, however, its badly ported to a PC. It says under the required specs that a dual core processer is required, but YOU MUST HAVE A QUAD CORE PROCESSOR TO RUN THIS GAME SMOOTHLY, NO IFS ANDS OR BUTTS. the memory and video specs are good, but the processor info is misrepresented. steam is the only place I have seen that a required spec is a dual core for this game. If you do not want to run into problems with jitters and lag in this game, dont buy it unless A you have a quad core processor or B are planning to upgrade in the future. Even at the lovest video setting, the game runs very poorly on a system with anything less than a quad core, there is just too much information for a dual core to process. This is mostly the reason that Red Dead Redemption never made it to the PC. The map is bigger, theres more missions and the view distance required for that game would require way more processing than GTA IV.People play this on the PS3 and XBOX and their expecting the same performance from a PC, but its not the case. These games tend to look great on consoles because they are written for them, but in all actuality, the graphics are dumbed down for the consoles considerably worse graphics hardware involved. The best features are tuned up to make you believe the console is better.I can run GTA IV at the top settings without any overclocking or tweaking due to my quad core processor AMD APU A8 3870k. I have a fairly decent video card ATI RADEON HD 6750 but it will not crossfire with the onboard 6550. However, with a dual core FX chip, the game runs like crap even with the same video card. and theres no way around it. I see alot of whining about Im not going to upgrade my pc just to make the game run smoother boo hoo, then dont, its just going to run like crap. my advice, upgade your computer because the mods keep this game good. Not to mention, when and if they DO actually make a GTA V pc version, if your PC will not play IV, it will definitely not play V no matter how you tweak the settings and log files. 