Second best game EVER! Well... third, since Grand Theft Auto V came out. The openworld may be smaller than previous games but the varied scenery and believability of the city, as well as the freedom that the game offers, outmatches every other openworld games like it.There are only a few morality choices in the game, which I really like as they add replay value and also a surprising amount of depth to the games narrative and charactersparticularly the protagonist Niko. Combat is responsive and although the cover system isnt perfect, I appreciate the addition as the feature can be improved.The vehicle handling is more realistic than previous games and there are a great number of songs on the radio. Multiplayer isnt as broken as Grand Theft Auto V but the game improves every other gameplay features and mechanics, in singleplayer. I personally prefer singleplayer so multiplayer issues doesnt really bother me but I cant say the same for everyone else, thats down to you.This is a great PC port that offers new features that the consoles dont have and probably cant handle, not to say that the console version is inferior. I dont really care too much about the video editor and 32 players upgrade although theyre a fine addition but I really love Independence FM. You can add your own songs on the radio and I wish more openworld games like Grand Theft Auto have this feature because then I can create my own playlist as oppose to changing radio stations.But with all the new features added, it also means the game has a very high system requirement. The graphics settings is also too advanced for me so I either let the game auto configure or optimise the game with GeForce Experience that also auto configures the games setting for me at one click of a button. With my midrange PC, I get about 4050 FPS but its playable although occasional frame drops are kind of annoying. You may not care about the demanding system requirement if you love all the new features that the port has to offer or if you have a highend gaming rig but I personally bought the game for the enhanced graphics, mods, and Independence FM as it is a different way to replay the game.There is another drawback. Although the games depiction of violence is what makes Grand Theft Auto, it wont win any skeptics over such as feminazis, as much as I would like it to. Those who fail to understand the game will continue to fight against it. Kmart AU took the game down from shelves as well as Grand Theft Auto V. Even though San Andreas will forever be the fan favourite, I actually prefer this game and even V over San Andreas, not that I hate it.Grand Theft Auto V is much better and I hope well see another great port in January but please Rockstar, remove Social Club already. The biggest drawback of the PC port is definitely the mandatory DRM which for some reason includes GFWL which nobody ing uses. You can play the game offline but you can only load your save files by signing onto GFWL, which sucks balls. These few shortcomings on the PC version dont take away much from the overall experience. I would give the console version a perfect score, and I would do the same for the PC version, but the DRM sucks as I cant ing sign in at times despite a functioning internet connection. This is not a problem that console users face so they were more fortunate but nevertheless, this game on the PC is definitely worth buying at full price.9/10  EPIC GAME