Grand Theft Auto IV was a dissapointing game to say the least. After the stellar GTA San Andreas four years prior and the also memorable Vice and Liberty City stories, Grand Theft Auto IV feels like a real step backwards for Rockstar. That is, once you manage to start the game up. It took hours of YouTube tutorials and downloads just to figure out how to open the damn game because it relies on some old discontinued Games for Windows Live thing which is an absolute pain in theto get working properly.In this review I will compare it a lot to both GTA SA and GTA V, my two favourite GTA games to see how GTA 4 stacks up against them. Spoiler Not great.ProsOne of the big pros of GTA IV is the graphics. While not quite to the level of GTA V released 5 years later, the graphics in this game are certainly impressive for the time. The models, city design, post processing effects and physics all add to an overall solid graphical experience and a major step up in quality from GTA Vice City Stories. Of course the graphics arent perfect and, while good for a game released in 2008 the face models look somewhat like bad plastic moulds.Driving Physics are also really great and fun to play around with in this game. While maybe not the most realistic, the cars just feel so bouncy and fun to drive around in especially when you spawn in the really fun cars with cheat codes. I found myself just driving around for hours in this game because it was so much fun.ConsRemember how just a paragraph ago I said that driving around in this game was one of the most fun parts? Yeah well, sadly, that is one of the only parts. For a game released 4 years after GTA SA you think there would be mountainloads more content right? Unfortunately, it feels like instead of adding content Rockstar chose to strip away content from the game. The amount of miscellaneous activities that are available seems very poor in comparison to GTA SA, and absolutely pales in comparison to the brilliant GTA V.Tying into content, the main storyline and subplots are completely uninteresting and boring. Also, the missions themselves are not necessarily fun nor enjoyable. Compare this to GTA SA, with missions so memorable they have their own memes as well as being infinitely enjoyable. GTA V has its core missions along with heists that add to the replayability. GTA IV has... bowling with your cousin. Oh yeah, he calls you every 10 minutes to go bowling.The map in this game is bland and monotonous. Its just miles and miles of city with some water on the outside. No rural areas, no wide open countryside or open plains, no diverse landscapes just the city. I loved driving out in the bush back in GTA SA but with this game theres just the city. Not even suburban areas with lower houses, just high city buildings.Also, heres a really big one. THERE ARENT PLANES. Apparently they removed planes from this instalment to prevent people from recreating the events of 9/11, but they had planes in GTA SA and they have helicopters in this so...The game is so boring without being able to fly planes around.So, should you get this game? In my opinion, absolutely not. The pricetag of almost 50 USD is absolutely ludicrous for this 9 year old game. You could probably get it preowned from Gamestop or whatever gamestore is in your country For me EB Games for around 5 or less. But why get this when you could get GTA V for probably around 20 and have infinitely more enjoyment. 