Experience the realism of paying taxes on time going on boring bowling dates, and sending resumes to law firms online.I only made one of those up btw. You legitimately submit a resume to a law firm and then proceed to jot it down into your organizer and then have to show up on time the next day for your interview. WHY IS THIS IN A VIDEO GAME. I COULD DO THAT IN REAL LIFE. IVE DONE THAT IN REAL LIFE ALREADY. OH BOY DO I ALSO GET TO FILE TAXES IN THIS GAME. Seriously who the HELL thought this was a good idea?In trying to be hyperrealistic this game forgot its a video game and instead became a REALLY awfully written movie. You can try being realistic and being a movie, but at least be a GOOD movie.The writing contradicts itself. Mainly because this is a video game, and its part of the GTA series. So Niko can  and moan about going on the straight and narrow and how he wants to change, but after that cutscene the game takes over and you take on missions murdering people and working for criminals and thieves. Because this is GTA. They didnt even bother to give good reasoning as to why Niko continues to kill and murder, and they didnt bother to have some sort of strain on Niko himself as he continues to go down this path.What they DID do is make the missions realistic by making them insanely boring. Drive here, kill this one person. Amazing.Unlike other GTA games you NEVER feel like youre moving further than helping out small time drug dealers and hasbeens by killing another crack dealer that owes them money. Theres no theme here. GTAIII was the Mafia, VC was the 80s drug cartels of Miami, SA was the late 80s/early 90s urban gangwarfare. GTALC is Niko goes around helping people in the projects kill drug dealers. Even the DLCs to this game have more focus and more character. The Lost are a biker gang Gay Tony is FLAMING. Niko is helping low level crooks all the while wondering why so many people want him dead.So not only did they screw the pooch on making a GOOD story, they also screwed the game by trying to be realistic but only coming off as BORING. Thats right, the game that makes crime B O R I N G. Amazing.This game achieves a lot. None of which are good things.To its credit the game managed to make a realistic driving on ice simulator. Apparently Rockstar has never driven a vehicle in their lives. That or they live in Antartica where all roads are iced over.They got rid of features that were present in other games. I have no idea why. Another achievement inexplicably removing features for no reason. Hair cuts arent realistic, maybe?Honestly this game isnt....offensive. Its just a GIGANTIC waste of time. If anything made GTA a hasbeen series it was GTAIV. Saints Row, Just Cause, Sleeping Dogs, even watchdogs made this series irrelevant. RIP.Proceed to downvote, I know there are a lot of 13 year olds whos first GTA was IV. You guys really missed out on the golden era of GTA. Go play Saints Row or something.No jumping out of planes with a parachute after clearing them out. No jumping onto jetliners and stealing a plane. No AREA 51. Sorry no jetpack. You wanted to have fun? Thats not realistic. Enjoy checking your emails and submitting resumes. That bank robbery mission everyone always talks about in IV? That is the one standout mission in this game, and whats sad is that it would be any other midpoint mission in any of the other GTAs.God this game is so dog sht. Its a god damn real life simulator, and even that can be fun The Sims. 