I originally bought this game for the 360 prior to purchasing it months later for the PC. When it first came out, I was sorely disappointed. The amount of realism in the game is a stark contrast to the more zany antics of the GTAIII series. GTA to me,  was always in a gray line between wacky environments and clever humor intergrated with a serious story. It worked perfectly. While the humor and memorable characters are there, the gameplay itself comes off dull, sluggish, and boring. Many of the features, while interesting at first, eventually start to feel like chores.When the PC port eventually did see a release months later in 2008, it was a complete mess. It was the prime example of a rushed nonoptimized console game ported over to the PC. While many of the optimization problems have been fixed, there are still many others that do exist to this day.Modding is another issue. Its severely limited compared to the GTAIII series. Most of this has to do with GFWL see below, as Microsoft has complete control over almost everything because of the GFWL system.Another issue, and rather the biggest problem, is the DRM love triangle thats been plaguing this game since day one. If you buy it, you have to install GFWL and Rockstar Backstage pass. GFWL was the nail in the coffin for many potential games that came out in the past 7 years  Compared to Steam even during its hectic years of 200306, GFWL service was probably one of the worse and buggiest software clients i have ever installed forcibly on my computer. Thankfully, GFWL is rumored to being shutdown by July 2014, so the possibility of Rockstar bringing the full experience over to Steam is there, be it in a dim light. However the death of GWFL is like the birth of Chinese democracy, or the release of Half Life 2 Episode 3. where the reaction isnt one of cheer and hype, but rather a jester of about god damn time.  The bad news however is that the multiplayer or any online required feature is apparently skewed until further notice as GFWL is cutting down the various services.