Its crazy to think that Grand Theft Auto IV is now a staggering nine years old but dont let that deter you from trying or revisiting one of the finest openworld games in Rockstars phenomenal library. It is the first entry into the now present HD GTA universe moving on from the classic trilogy before it of GTA III, Vice City and San Andreas and you return to Liberty City in all its beautiful glory. You play as a Serbian named Niko Bellic who journeys to America in hope of making a better life for himself and meeting up with his cousin Roman who cant seem to stay out of trouble. Without giving too much away for first time players, the storyline is captivating and there are tons of missions and memorable characters along the way. You will join Niko on a road to personal redemption and for the first time you can decide what choices to make there are even two different endings The main theme is also so epic and one of the best in GTA history IMO and it really draws you in at the beginning.The combat feels very satisfying and fluid with a range of different weapons at your disposal melee, rifles, pistols, SMGs, shotguns, throwables, such as grenades and moltovs machine guns and a rocket launcher. There is also a new cover system which you will come in handy during intense firefights and is very easy to use at the tap of one button. The A.I. is very realistic, escaping from the police is more of a challenge than in previous titles and the physics engine is a welcomed change although some players might prefer the feel of the vehicles in the previous GTA titles Pedestrians and the player will fall over much more realistically in comparison to older titles with the ragdoll like physic system. In terms of size, GTA IV is quite big with three islands for you to unlock and explore. You have numerous activities you can start with your friends by bringing up your phone bowling, enter Roman meme here darts, pool, visiting the strip club, getting something to eat, drinking, etc Some of these even come with unique favours once they like you enough such as car bombs, weapons, removing your wanted level for you, etc. The multiplayer also still works very well which is a blast.There arent too many negatives but I guess if I had to pick one, it would be that your friends wont stop calling you at times to hang out and that can get annoying although you can switch your phone to silent but it needs to be enabled to progress the main story missions. There are sadly no planes but you can get helicopters. The map of San Andreas may have been a bit bigger and more varied but youll find the HD version of Liberty City to be a living, breathing and wondrous place. Its certainly came a long way since the gritty, gloomy feel of Grand Theft Auto IIIs Liberty City.In conclusion, this is another must play Rockstar game. In my opinion, it is my second favourite GTA narrowly being beaten by Vice City and Niko Bellic is one of the standout protagonists in the series history right up there with Tommy Vercetti. I want to add that this game can struggle to run well but if you stick to your recommended settings under the graphics menu you should be fine. If you find your FPS is low, tweak/decrease some of the options there to help out. Mine dipped here and there but for the most part it runs quite smooth and my PC is a pretty good but by no means an amazing gaming rig. You might need a Games for Windows account to play this. I see some are giving negative reviews for that but for me it was no hassle whatsoever. I just linked my XBL and Rockstar Club account and I was away.Just as a heads up, there is a well known bug on the final mission without spoiling anything. I fixed it by going into the graphics menu and making everything the highest it could possibly go and this fixed the problem. I then switched it all back when I got pass that segment of the mission. Hope this helps anyone out there! 