The game itself is great and I had a lot of fun with it.Despite what everybody says I couldnt confirm that this game is a horrible PCport.Still, DONT BUY IT.Simple reason MICROSOFT.Just to show you how fed up my journey up to this point has beenI bought the game as a retailversion in my local store. Inside of the packaging was just a code, no CD.First thing that screwed me.I had to download 13GBs after I registered the game with code A only to realize that the game wasnt starting up.I looked on the internet and found that you had to reinstall Microsoft LIVE Games HUB in order to play it.Said and Done I could launch the game no... wait. I still have to create an account for the Rockstar Social Club. sighHaving done that I could finally play! after having created an account for Microsoft LIVE as well ofc.There I go, off into the game fu... wait. I cant save without having the game registered on Microsoft LIVE. To register it on Microsoft LIVE you cant use the ingame Microsoft Register Function because its bugged, you have to create an XBOX Live account with your Microsoft LIVE account only to click yourself through the dubious website Microsoft likes to have and register the game there. But not with Product Key A you purchased from the retailer but with a completely different Code B Steam gave you. Only then you shall be able to sav...Oh, w8, nvm. I forgot what incapable people work at Microsoft.After having googled around for a bit I found out you have to click Create new Profile when you first enter the HUB. Now there is a whole lot of blibedibla about how awesome GFWL is and if you scroll past that w/o vomiting over your entire screen you can actually see a small blue line called Create local profile.Click that, call yourself SexyNakedGrandma and poom, you can save and play the game.There I go, 1 hour wasted and the only thing I did ingame was drive to Romans house and see how the BenchmarkTest makes the game crash.You have to studly bloody rocket science in order to get this game running.Save yourself the time bois, dont buy it for steam. Get GTA 5.