GTA IV was pretty revolutionary in the GTA series, shifting into a darker tone and revisiting Liberty City. Id suggest you play the originals first, but its in no way required to understand the plot  in fact, GTA IV is set in a totally different universe from the older games.GAMEPLAYGTA IV is a thirdperson shooter with a HUGE map thats suprisingly accurate to the real NYC. Its slightly smaller than San Andreass map, but instead of being 3 small cities seperated by countryside, the entire map is an extremely detailed and accurate NYClike city  known as Liberty City ingame. Theres not as many pointless things to do as in San Andreas, like gambling. The game retained the annoying girlfriend mechanics from San Andreas, but removed the ridiculous requirements for getting them. Theres also a few friends you can do things with. It can be a mildly annoying, but its easy and completely optional. Filling up the relationship bar simply yields a few advantages, like the ability to call your friend for a free car ride.GTA IVs combat  mission gameplay has been massively improved over its precursor, San Andreas. Car physics were made more realistic and given proper weight. Same for helicopters. Niko Bellics body actually obeys the laws of physics, unlike Carl Johnson. The physics engine is quite a bit better. Most importantly, however, is the addition of a cover system. Niko Bellic can duck behind cover to avoid getting shot  very important for a game like this. In San Andreas, the most you could do is duck behind something, which made shooting nearly impossible since the cover would always get in the way.PRESENTATIONThe graphics are excellent. Like I said before, the map is extremely detailed. Its slightly lacking in color, but this can be changed easily by adjusting the contrast in the game settings. The game has many interesting premission cutscenes with great voice acting. The detail in many of these certain cutscenes are amazing  the characters express emotion better than any previous GTA games, and they reveal a lot of story information and give a certain mood.STORYYou play as Niko, an immigrant from former Yugoslavia. I dont want to spoil anything, but this is definitely one of the best storylines in GTA history. Dark and gritty, and has pretty strongly plays on the idea of the American dream.Pretty good game! This game has mostly a very vocal minority of haters  entitled 13yearolds who got depressed when they realized the sequel to San Andreas wasnt going to be about gangta thug life s. But dont be fooled. If you like GTA or open world games, this is definitely worth picking up. Again, you should probably play the earlier games first, but its not neccesary. The GTA series consists of many, many great games and Id say this one did a great job of introducing GTA to the next generation of consoles. 