Its been 8 years since this game was released on PC and nowadays the game is almost playable!GoodPretty graphicsDetails, this is one of the most detailed games ever made!Very RealisticShooting. The shooting mechanics is fun and has been vastly improved from the other GTA games!Voice acting is goodThe city feels alive on the surfaceTaxis. You cant live without them in this game! Trust me!Mediocre/Social life, yeah Niko has a social life in this game. It can be fun for those who love roleplaying but it can also be extremely annoying. Someone calls you on the phone and wanna hang out which is basicly wasting your time and you dont feel like it so they will like you less and wont do things for you no more. The only thing you get from it is a casual dialog./Niko himself. I both like and dislike Niko. I like his personality but i just hate the looks of him. He is a damn ugly guy and no matter what clothes he is wearing he looks like a dorky buffoon. Its very hard to feel awesome and powerful in the role of Niko!/Driving. Some cars are fun to drive, others handle like crapBadThe phone is a big pain in the You run across the street and the phone rings and automaticly you stop running, gets hit by a car and you have no clue about what the person who was calling wanted.Lack of tutorials. youll be thrown in a mission to do crap you havent done before and all you get is a text up in the corner on what to do.The AI. The AI doesnt know how to drive. I see them crash all the time, changing lanes like morons in front of you, making turns in front of you, taxi drivers who hit everything they can when pulling over. Its a mess! And in firefights they all just hide behind cover and shoots aimlessly and never flanks or anything intelligent.The story is bad. It starts interesting with twists that involves Niko, his family and his life but later on all Niko ever do is being an errand boy for money. In the beginning i cared but when Niko became the errand boy i just didnt give a crap! The people you work for are not interesting! Its the typhical gangster morons you have seen before with no backstories.Boring missions. Fetch quests that you dont care about!Crappy cutomization. You can change clothes, thats it. And Niko never looks cool in any of them! Its either baggy clothes or fancy clothes and not much to choose from. There are no weapon customizations, no haircuts, no car customizations.No where to spend money. I got alot of money but there is nothing to spend it on! You dont buy houses, furnitures or cars so what are you going to do with the money? All your safehouses is given to you for free and they all contains nothing of interest.No feel of progression! You do a mission after a mission but you will most likely feel that you aint going nowhere. You never get promoted, there is no level system for anything and you will never know how far youve come into the game until it ends.Weapons. You got 2 choices of each weapon class thats it. For a game that focus on killing people with guns this game has almost nothing to offer for people who like guns. Not even a weapon with a scilencer. If you are a hired gun, shouldnt you at least have a scilencer?Checkpoints. GTA has always had a horrible checkpoint system and they tried to make things better by the sms retry if you fail but you still have to go all the way back to the beginning and drive all the way back to where the action is.Nothing to do besides the missions. Sure you can play darts and go bowl but that sure gets old fast! There is no fun in exploration because there is nothing to be found except a bunch of pigeons you are supposed to shoot. I would have loved a shooting range, a fightclub or something like that where you could win unique clothes or weapons.Lag spikes, poor performance, low fps. Still after all these years.... I got a AMD FX6300 4,5GhzOC and two GTX760 SLI, sure its not the best but its hell of alot better than the best systems back in 2008!All in all this game is a pretty fun disaster. It is pretty for sure but the content is crap. I am not a fan of the GTA series because every single game is basicly identical. You are a lapdog the entire game just like all the other games with the same old twists you could see coming miles away. 