For the public record I am a fan of Rockstar and their works. I am a fan of the GTA franchise. This however is NOT going to be a positive review.I know many people play games for different reasons. For me? It is the overall experience. This includes how easy the game is to set up, how it plays and how much fun I had. The whole kit and kaboodle if you will.This game took me a week to get working. I kid you not.Never should I have to individually trace down a single .dll file that the game consistantly currupts. Never should I have to reinstall Games For Windows Live GFWL and Direct X every single time I play. Never should I have to constantly reenter my serial every time I play. Never should I have to reinstall/verify via steam 68 times. Never Never Never.Then the game miraculously started up. In 480p. Then it crashed. I was told that my high end gaming PC with 8gb of Ram, i5 4670k  haswell processor and GTX 760 with 3gb of GDDR5 was not capable of running this game. A game from 2006. I had to install aftermarket fixes just to get the game to run on my hardware.I got the game running and cranked it up to max. It ran like toss. I turned everything down to low. It ran worse. The frame rate was shoddy and the aspect ratio was out. Upon furthur research it turns out even though the game gives you the option for 1080p it doesnt really support it. My shaders kept crashing EFLC issues and the contrast/video options for the game just flat out dont work. Again another aftermarket solution had to be implememted.I perservered and played for three hours. As previously stated, the game ran like toss, looked like toss and felt completely unessasary. Lip sync issues, terrible accents/voice acting and swearing for the sake for justifying an MA rating does not make a game.Do you want to know what the worst part is though? All of my complaints above are well known documented issues that shipped with the game. Shared guilt can be divided between Rockstar, Steam which has its own version and issues and GFWL. You do not release a product that is unplayable. Never should a group of companies issue public statements saying that people need to fix the game on their own using aftermarket mods and solutions.People are going to play this game without heeding my review. I understand this and it just shows the fabulous support that Rockstar has earned from their previous and future outings. You have been warned though, this is not a smooth ride.