Double thumbs down on this one.First thumb down the game itself. There is really nothing to recommend it that was not already done, and done better, in previous GTA titles, particularly GTA San Andreas. To top it off, as is normal with a GTA game, you are forced to play the persona provided by the story rather than getting to craft your own or develop one via ingame choices. That isnt necessarily a bad thing, except that in this case the persona for the main character is pathetic. A dimwitted tool, ready and even anxious to be used by any slightly less dimwitted jerk he meets. That is who you are in this game.Second thumb down Rockstar. These guys are just too intrusive with their idiotic DRM scheme. In the early days of this game it was just very, very annoying. Why? Because you had to be simultaneously logged into three different authentication methods in order to play, Rockstars own online system, Windows Live, and Steam. Steam was no issue, they have been reliable since before this game was released. But Windows Live and Rockstar themselves have NEVER been reliable, constantly disconnecting the player, which kicks the player right out of the game.Now, it is even worse. Rockstar have themselves more or less abandoned the game, and this comes after they have placed too many barriers between you and your ability to even play it,  so the fact that they no longer provide any support to help you get over any of these hurdles means they get your money and you get....nothing but a headache and perhaps an ulcer.They are issuing lots and lots of invalid keys, so SecuROM blocks you from getting on and of course SecuROM is powerless to do anything about because of their contract with Rockstar. Recent patches have made it difficult for some and impossible for others to even connect to Windows Live, without which, again, the game will not allow you to play. Windows Live itself is plagued with disconnect problems with this particular game, and of course since it is a fault in the game itself, Microsoft provides zero support help to affected players. There is also apparently a huge showstopper of a regression bug in the most recent patch that renders it unplayable for many if not most Windows 10 users. All of this happening right after Rockstar ended ALL support for this game, so if you get hit by any one of these problems and turn to Rockstar for help, prepare to hear lots of crickets...and nothing else. They wont even answer you. Of course neither will SecuROM or Microsoft, since the problems are not their fault and are beyond their power to fix in any case.My recommendation forget all about this game. And if you disapprove of this business model, you might consider forgetting about any other Rockstar game....ever. I have. 