It is so hard to decide if I wanna recommend this game or not.First pros..Amazing story. Cold truth of war reflected via memories is truely amazing. You put yourselves in Nicos shoes while listening to his stories. Also his mom is so adorable that I wanna squeeze her cheeks.Newly introduced mechanics such as emails and phone even though emails is sooooo useless and become a burden because you have to find an internet cafe once in a while in order to follow to questline.BEST DRIVING MECHANICS EVER! Its clear that Rockstar made a huge effort to improve already satisfying driving mechanics and they succeded it. Its so detailed and fun and if it wasnt, I would delete this game right away for the reason Im going to explain in cons side.Now Nicos girlfriends can help you in various ways such as health boost and clear wanted level. Even though its limited, it still helps the people who tries to finish the game without cheat codes such as me.Nicely done ethnic characters. Your own character is already slavic and has an amazing accent. Rockstar put minorities into the game successfully such as gays, black people and mexicans. SPOILER ALERT Heartbreaking end.. Its shameful that you have to lose your cousin another adorable character, I started to like slavic people again after playing dota and cs go, but not Ruskies. They are full of  in this game as well or Kate which seems like the only person understands you and only person that you can share deep stuff.Navigation system. I felt a bit down when I saw that I wont be able to learn the whole map as previous game since I know every corner of GTA III, Vice City or San Andreas, it was nice that you dont get lost all the time thanks to that navigation.Cons..DRIVING DRIVING AND DRIVING. And one more thing.. Yeah driving. And some more driving. Have I ever mentioned how much driving it has? Yeah a lot. Even though it has amazing driving mechanics as mentioned before, still it gets boring time to time. Its like Im the personal driver of Roman and doing his errands.Boring storyline. Even though the game has too many nice characters and an amazing backstory of Nico, games storyline is too superficial.Variety of cars. Im not gonna deny that it has toooooo many cars in the game but the thing is, where the hell Im gonna find the cult super cars of GTA ????? Where the hell is Infernus, Cheetah ??? Or equivalants?? I can barely find a Banshee and I busted myto steal Super GT, Infernus and Comet. Only super car that you can find easily is Tourismo. I wanna drive a ing Super GT !!!I earn  loads of money and cant find a way to spend it. It is a shame that we cant buy any more houses that the game already gives us. I mean it is a huge city and there are  tons of buildings so it shouldnt be that hard to find a few places more to buy and live.Conclusion..As I said in the beginning it is hard to make a ruling on this game. But Im gonna be a bit emotional and recommend this game as I want this game to have a higher review rate and although its far the worst GTA Ive played Im gonna play Stories From Libert City and GTA V its still a GTA game.Overall 6/10