Let me start off by saying that I like the game. Really, I do. It runs okay on my pc, but Ive heard other notsogood stories of how bad it runs on any normal pc. I bought this game on pc so I didnt have to deal with the 30fps, low fov, low textures mess that the console game is. Seriously, the low fov on consoles along with the framerate can really be disorienting. I wanted to get away from that. Huge explosions, high speeds, and general gameplay without lag. And thats what I got. Really. It was all I expected it to be. So far, Id give it an 85 to a 90. Pretty good. The story is a bit boring at times, the calls from Roman...annoying. But overall...good.Heres the part where it gets ruined for me. Okay. Were putting a game on Steam. It is its own platform and handles things pretty well. Now, we add SecuROM, which...Ive...never heard of. Ever. Fine. I didnt have a problem with that as far as I can tell. Okay. Lets boot up the game. I make a Rockstar account. Fine. GTA V requires one for many things and its not really annoying in any way. It usually works. Ive never had a problem with it on pc at all. Okay, lets play now. Loading screens, intro screens, and...sign into Games for Windows Live...? Really? I had to log into Steam. Fine. Then Social Club. Great, its a decent system, at least as of GTA V.  Theres a weird thirdparty DRM. Whatever, I guess...? I think its not interfering, but who knows? And then we have Games for Windows Live, which even on console is terrible at times. Seriously. I know someone who lost their account becuase of the updates screwing with their account. Nice. ...Anyways, I go and create an account on that so its not connected to my console account, since Ill most likely multitask and dont know if itd interfere. This was just to be safe. So I make the account, connect it, and...it runs fine! Wow. Great!Then a few days or weeks later. I try to sign in. Please buy this game, you dont own it. Nice. Funny. So I log out, back in, etc., and try again. It doesnt work. At all. Steam tells me to put in the steam key when asked most times I start the game up. And thats how I know it wont work. So I look through my options, since this is an ongoing problem. Very rarely will it start up with no issues. Its not even a problem with what I run it on, its a problem with the DRM being absolutely terrible! Imagine that, GFWL being a problem...wow. Never would have guessed. Okay, okay. What happens when I try to input the code in the Windows Live popup? We cant connect. Troubleshoot? Fine. We cant connect. ...So what help was that? Go to help page  The help page is a joke. Its about how to buy games and set up accounts/xbox live. Last updated in 2009. The page has something like font size 7 and its hard to read. And its light gray on a white background. Nice design. So what do I do? I go offline with social club. Nope. I go offline on steam and social club? No. Why cant I play without being connected to Windows Live?! Seriously, this is awful. Windows Live is even being shut down this year! Your reaction is probably FINALLY!. Thats my reaction, too, but...Rockstar has said nothing about the PC port of this game and what theyre doing about the GFWL DRM on this. Thats...nice. Many other, even smaller developers have fixed this issue so when GFWL goes down there wont be an issue. But for GTAIV PC? Nothing. Weve heard nothing. No updates, no news, nothing!So fine. I own this game legally. Any bypass for GFWL? Yes. Great. But not the Steam version. Not so great. Theres nothing I can do. All I can do is hope that Rockstar removes GWFC in the future. Until then, I cant play. Which is why I only have 3.9 hours played. Thats how hard it is to begin playing. Its like the stars and planets have to allign for me to play this game at all.Suggestion for RockstarRemove GWFC before it goes down. Stop procrastinating on this. OR stop ignoring an entire fanbase for a game and actually make everyone here happy. Seriously, I dont know how this game gets a positive rating. 