Boy is this a tough one. When I first got this game back in 2008 for the PS3 I thought it was great. I was 12 and I had only played a little of GTA III, Vice City and San Andreas. I liked the story, I liked the gameplay, I liked running people over, I liked the music, hell I even liked the driving. Fast forward to 2016. GTA V has been out for a while now, and Ive fully played through it, as well as Vice City, San Andreas and most of GTA III. So I decided to play GTA IV again just for fun because I didnt really have anything to play. Well, I dont like it anymore. Its just dull. So without further ado, heres why.The missions are boring. Theyre just a million different versions of go here and shoot these people. Sometimes you will be in a car, sometimes you will be on foot, but youre always just going somewhere and killing people. There are a few exceptions like the one in the helicopter and the bank heist, but for the most part this game has very few iconic or memorable missions. When I think of GTA III I think of Mike Lips Last Lunch and Blow Fish. When I think of Vice City I think of the final mission. When I think of San Andreas there are too many to count. GTA IV has nothing like this, and if Im being honest, neither does GTA V, but thats a review for another time.The weapons suck and so does the driving. There is no variety. The only mildly fun weapon is the RPG. Every other weapon is the same if your aim is half decent. As for the driving, the handling is terrible. I get that they were going for realism but it is just not fun crashing into a car or a wall at every turn. And there are no fun vehicles. No monster trucks. No jets. No tanks. There are helicopters but theyre no fun.This version of Liberty City is ugly. I dont mean its underbelly of criminals or its weird and creepy people. Visually, its all grays and browns and its just ugly. I get that they were trying to go for a gritty, realistic setting but man did they go overboard with the aesthetic. Algonquin/Manhattan looks OK and their representation of Times Square/Star Junction is great, but everywhere else sucks. A game that comes to mind that got it right is Max Payne 3. Brazil is a beautiful sunny place but the game is great at showing you the gritty underworld of Sao Paulo while still drawing you in visually.The soundtrack is bad. Sure, theres plenty to enjoy on Liberty Rock Radio, but what about the other stations? There are more than there were in previous games, but I find that many of them just play the same three or four songs over and over, so I mostly resort to Liberty Rock. Im not too fussy with my music either. I like most genres. The Classics? Sounds like it should have some good old school rap songs on it. Nope. OK what about ElectroChoc? Nope. Radio Broker? Nope? The Beat, The Vibe, Tuff Gong, LCHC? All terrible stations. I like maybe 2 songs from each, and I recognise even less. The one redeeming quality is Independence FM, which lets you play your own music.I should point out that this section is entirely subjective, so if you look through the soundtrack online and like what you see, good for you. You might love it. I do not.Haha.Seriously, there is none. You can change your clothes but youll either be wearing a suit, a mission costume, or some mixture of casual clothing. Either way youll look pretty drab. You cant even mod cars, save for changing colours at a Pay n Spray. Saints Row 2 released at about the same time and had far better customisation. In fact Saints Row 2 does a lot of things better but again, a review for another time.Having said all this, there are a few small things GTA IV does well. The strangers are a nice addition. You dont have to do them, but if youre looking for some extra content theyre there and theyre fun little stories. The comedy shows  are entertaining, with real people like Ricky Gervais and Kat Williams. The way you escape police is well done, even if the mechanic was taken from Scarface. And the story is... decent, I guess. I liked the way it gave you choices, even though most were superficial. The only decision with real consequences is at the end, and after the following mission youre done with the game so it no longer matters. Also, the multiplayer was great in its early days. Sadly nobody plays anymore so I didnt think it was worth the effort to discuss.Overall Id say you can skip this one. GTA V is an improvement on every level so Id recommend just getting that if you want a HD era GTA. This instalment brought nothing new to the table and is not special in any way.