This game has a long and complicated setup to get GFWL working on a modern PC, or to get  the easiest option but it is worth it.THIS GAME DOES WORK ON WINDOWS 10!! !just set compatibility to windows xp SP3Apparently a bunch of IDIOTS thought theyd say that it doesnt work on windows 10 and 8 and 7, when it actually does. Just not very well terrible optimization on quad core CPUs, requires 4.0 GHz quad core or 3.3 GHz i7 6core to reach smooth 60 FPSI will eventually make a tutorial on how to set up this game, but for the moment you wads can just keep wallowing in your inferior technological knowledge limited to software UI and you cant even get that right! and maybe just maybe a little bit of hardware.If you bought this game, downloaded it, never figured out how to install it, and returned it or just left it in your library you disgust me. You would not have survived installing a new MOUSE before 2004. You would have never even been able to setup your OS. Your computer would be a boat anchor to you.Please dont negatively review this game because you are an idiot, okay?To help, heres what I did NO GURANTEES JUST WHAT I DID. You are liable for all damages.1. navigate to the GTAIV directory with executables in it2. right click on gtaiv.exe3. properties4. compatibility5. check run in compatibility mode for select Windows XP SP3 from drop down6. If it doesnt run now as in the game launches to the SIGN IN/PLAYgta iv SIGN INeflc QUIT screen repeat 25 again for launchGTAIV.exe and then if it still doesnt work gta4browser.exe6.1 If it STILL doesnt run, repeat steps 26 except instead of selecting a compatibility OS click the checkbox next to Run as administratorIF THE GAME HASNT LAUNCHED BEYOND THE SOCIAL CLUB WINDOW BY NOW, YOU HAVE A DIFFERENT PROBLEM THAN I.Download more RAM lol.Now you have 2 options.1 allows multiplayer2 is easy and only lets you play SP you can save though DOPTION 17. After you get GTA IV to launch, press the HOME key on your keyboard and tell the software that yes youd like to update8. After GTA IV closes and the GFWL updater launches it will error because its not in compatibility mode but well fix that navigate to the task manager google it9. Go to the processes windows 7 or details windows 8/8.1/10 tab and locate the installer executable under processes if you cant locate it by its name, take screenshots ALTPrtcrn then CTRLV into MS paint and CTRLS of everything in there SCROLL DOWN!!! and then close the installer and see what has disappeared10.Right click on it and go to file location if it doesnt work, right click on the names tab at the top of the task manager and click select columns then check image path name, then navigate there yourself from the C drive open the file explorer and type C in the address tab, hit enter, then navigate from there If you have the game installed on a 2nd drive, you know what to do.11. Write down on paper or notepad the location you got from the Task manager. Right click on the installer should be either .msi or .exe, but it might be something else just check the TM given location and make sure and perform the previously given steps 25 on that executable, making sure to ALSO select run as administrator.12. Run that MSI or Executable file you found.13. After youve completed the install process for the update to GFWL run the game through steam, sign in with your social club account you should have made one already if you wanted to play MP and hit home when you hit the SIGN IN/PLAY     SIGN IN/PLAY       QUIT screen. Login with any microsoft or Xbox account you would like to use with the game. You have signed into GFWL14. click on the button next to niko should say either SIGN IN or PLAY and enter your license key if you havent already If it doesnt ask you to enter your license key, then you dont need to15. Play the game. Assuming microsoft never releases another GFWL update and they never shut down the MP matching servers, multiplayer should workOPTION 27. Grab Scripthook the GTA IV one not ScripthookV its importantHERES A LINKbottom right of that subwindow you open the link to8. once youve unpacked it with Winrar its free, the trial lasts forever due to a glitch very rare for trial to run out Extract the dinput8.dll and scripthook itself into the GTAIV directory the dir with the GTAIV and LaunchGTAIV executables9. Download HERES A LINK10. Unpack  WINRAR!!!11. Install it following install instructions12. Run the game. Social club wont be neccesary. This install of the game will stand for an eternity so long as you dont suffer corruption or have to change anything about your system but you will need a multiplayer mod to play with other people and noone uses those 