An incredibly fun to play game, especially the driving part! Its all about gangs, blackmailing, sex, money, drug wars and cars. The game deepens even more to activities with friends, girlfriends, minigames and sports and secondary activities like tracking down wanted criminals in a cop car.Just like with all the GTA series, it comes with a variety of weapons, clothes, cars and warehouses home. Unfortunately, the choice in all these aspects is incredibly limited compared to the previous titles and the next title.Seriously, there is only 1 type of sunglasses and 1 of reading glasses. There are only 3 longterm girldfriends to date excluding the expansion, because it is considered a different game, hence different review. There are only 3 unique clothes stores with mostly garbage choices, except from Perseus and there is no Car Store in the game.But there is more. Here in GTA 4, you can forget about jetpacks, exploding/fountain headshots, our beloved gattlinggun, driving planes, boat races, working out in the gym, riding a bicycle, jumpkicking people out of their motorbikes, honking at chicks and picking them up with sports cars, dressing up as a cop, driving trains, tanks and golf cars, racing with Monster Trucks in huge stadiums... nopEven though the game was a joy to play, it is incredibly limited and the secondary activities will eventually force you to pick up the story and main quests, otherwise you will just die of boredom.Bike stunts and hidden pigeons you say? Heh yeah good luck finding them without the wiki. I found only 3 in 50 hours gameplay.Moving on, the visual upgrade is obviously huge compared to the previous series. It is after all the first game in the HDUniverse of GTA. Unfortrunately, it seems more like the labrat of the HDUniverse installments...The Audio and Voice Acting along with the Radio in GTA 4 is as expected incredibly well executed. The diversity in radio music is pretty big and it even comes with big classics like Deep Purple and Iron Maiden. It gets even better in the expansion.Huge thumbs up to whoever sat down and made the Internet Surfing so interesting and detailed. Yes in GTA4 you can go to Internet Cafes and find 3 girlfriends from there and also read some really hilarious blogs. One of them is also written by one of your girlfriends and mentions your dates with her... in great detail, at home.The big new addition in GTA 4 apart from the upgraded graphics is obviously the cellphone system, which for Cheats is simply awesome!The downside is that your phone will sometimes randomly interrupt your actions, when called. Yes, like when you are being chased by a cop and you cant prevent answering your phone and then getting busted... yeah!Or when youve nuked down 5 helicopters and 20 cars with 6 stars wanted level and then Roman decides to call you for Bowling...Being called by friends and having to accept their invitations ends up being really annoying, as they will dislike you unless you go out with them. Thank god Rockstar fixed this in GTA 5.Also, stowing away your phone upon being damaged or it being nonwaterproof is really dumb. Stuck in the middle of the lake? Enjoy having to swim through half of Liberty City. Being shot by 10 cops and trying to refill your health? Well sorry first you have to stop taking damage and then you may refill.Despite all the ranting above, these are minor aspects of the game which will most likely be of some small annoyance, but they definitely dont take away the real hype of this game. I recommend this game to every one, it really is tons of fun!Note for WINDOWS LIVE saveproblemsForget about creating a LIVE account and being loggedin while playing. You dont need that, its just for showing off achievements in a dead and outdated gaming platform. No one cares about it anyway, not even Microsoft themselves.Instead, the first time you enter GTA4 and Windows Live pops up, create a LOCAL account and play with this local account. The next time you want to play, it will ask you again for a LIVE account, but just ignore it. Instead press TAB, until the ARROW KEY top left, pointing to the left becomes orange selected and press Enter. This will log you in with your LOCAL account. All your save files are saved there and you can finish the game without problems.Enjoy! 