Grand Theft Auto IV is a great game with some negative points on PC. I didnt play it so much in PC at the moment but I can say its a great game I also have it on PS3To show you which things I like and I dont like about this game Ill mark it with a  or a .Physics The physics in this game are very realistic compared to Grand Theft Auto San Andras or V and it is quite a challenge to handle a vehicle. This can bring you some funny moments when you fail to get controll of the vehicle.Story The story is just amazing. The emotional parts of this game lets you feel with Niko Bellic and overall there are some boring parts but that isnt a deal breaker. There is always something what makes you wanna continue to play this game. I can highly recommend to play the story, EVEN if Roman is annoying you sometimes.... PS He doesnt annoy me!Activities No matter if you wanna go bowling, doing jobs for Roman or Little Jacob or flying with a car by using the trick with the swings on the playground, you can do literally anything. You can even throw a damn brick which can be picked up of the streets. Fun fact This is the last GTA where you can do the vigilante mission and play as a cop.PC optimization Me and many other people on Steam think that this PC game is a terrible port from Consoles. The fact that this game is a DX9 game makes it even worse to optimize it. This game is especially very CPU intensive thx to DX9 and a bad port Even with a Q6600 and a Radeon HD 7850 I get lags when I wanna play at high settings low looks just bad and Im mostly under 30 FPS when Im outside thx to bad optimitazion in terms of CPUsOnline mode Ok, Windows Games for Live failed but its not the fault of the programm that nobody plays the multiplayer anymore. Since the latest patch, it works and Windows also offers a compatibility mode for that stuff so it wasnt a problem to get that fixed. THE FAULT IS THAT EVERYONE BACK IN 2008 WASNT ABLE TO AFFORD A GOOD PC! THEY BOUGHT A CONSOLE INSTEAD! Im tired of all the bad reviews that WGFL is the fault for many people why the multiplayer of GTA IV is dead. It was a good try but due to the fact that there was not that much interest in WGFL it failed, sadly.....The game itself is good and the multiplayer modes are quite cool but you just cant play all of them on PC.My rating in numbers 9,5/10 14.08.2017I can only recommend this game to anyone who heard about GTA and might be interested in playing it.I just got it for less than 2  so Im happy. Just get it in a key store.