Grand Theft Auto IV, boy before this game was released, everyone in the Schoolbus was talking about how awesome it was going to be only to find out it was much lacking in content compared to San Andreas once they got the game. I guess I shouldnt entirely be too hard on Rockstar, after all, its the first GTA on PC that doesnt force you to use a keyboard while using a controller for once. When this was released, I never had the chance to play this game, not at all. Why? Well other than a strict parent who wasnt my Father who lived in another city, I wanted a Nintendo Wii and only a Wii. As long I got my Godzilla Unleashed I didnt need no Grand Theft Auto IV. Well time passed and I got a great gaming PC that can handle just about any modern games. And after a little sale went on for the GTA Franchise for like 20, it was too good to pass up so I got all the GTA games. And when Grand Theft Auto IV finally finished installing on my PC, got all the registration out of the way, I start playing and I think to myself Okay I caught up of what everyone is talking about all these years, now to play it like I should, going around murdering everyone. Though with Grand Theft Auto 4, its a little hard to do so with the character youre playing as. Well unless youre 8 in which case no its not hard at all, but in terms of getting to know the character as you progress a bit of the story, you see that Niko Bellic the character you play as isnt so much as a ruthless killer in personallity. I mean lets look at previous protagonists in the Grand Theft Auto series, GTA 3 you play as a silent guy named Claude who helps pimps, chop shop owners, mobs, crime lords, everyone whos basically all about destruction and death. Vice City, Tommy Vercetti whos also hired by crime lords does missions that seem to involve kill everyone if its not stealing or drug dealing. Finally theres Carl CJ Johnson, a gang member who kills opposing gang members just to build territory for his own gang. Niko Bellics case is different, he comes to Liberty City for revenge on the past, but at the same time have a more honest life with his cousin. Looking for work where ever. The crime life really only kicks in when you meet a man who you already want to just kill off, which spoiler alert, you do. But gets you more deep in the whole crime business. And as Niko tells his reasons for coming from his native homeland to America, it feels almost a sin to shoot or hit anyone. Yup, almost. What can I say, its Grand Theft Auto, in the end youre gonna do what you do in Grand Theft Auto.Well now you got to know the character what about the game, well its small. I mean graphic wise compared to previous installments, major improvement with a new game engine. But when you get a game like San Andreas and expect a lot of returned features introduced in San Andreas, it falls pretty short. Attack Helicopters are still in the game, problem is they dont shoot rockets. Oh but the Liberty City Episode Ballad of Gay Tony you get a Helicopter that has rockets. Yeah but people had to wait for that along with more weapons. Speaking, GTA IV lacks weapons compared to both Vice City and San Andreas. Specifically Melee weapons really. Just a Bat and a Knife. No Chainsaws, no Machetes, no Samurai Swords just a Bat and a Knife. Which would be okay, but where are the Chainsaws? Were they too violent for GTA IV? Even the Episodes from Liberty City lacks a Chainsaw which kind of sadden me. The Gameplay is still basic with more modern controls than you would get from earlier games. Though just looking at previous installments, you just cant help to think how inferior this game really is. Though thats not to say this game is no fun, it is, it just could of been better and the Episodes from Liberty City DLC proves it so. Well at least the game has Multiplayer from which you can choose various game modes or just free roam and do whatever. Its a nice touch, run over other players of join other players to shoot and run over more other players. But of coarse the PC version of GTA IV includes a way to play your own music, which you know when you get a craving for the theme from Super Mario Bros. in Grand Theft Auto the option is there. Me I just shoved whatever songs I listen to these days. Of coarse most of its based from Sonic Games, guilty I listen to City Escape while Im escaping the police after shooting the Police while in the City. But thats my choice, I play whatever I want on Independance Radio, and so can you if you got this game for PC.While I stand by what I said that the game could of been better, its still not in anyway a bad GTA game. And with Multiplayer, theres so much you can do with friends or random strangers. And by So much you can do I mean just shoot everyone and everything before a hacker comes in making everyone into Hippos. True Story and one probably many have experienced. Still a fun game even if Im majorly just listening to music I chose.