This game is about a man trying to deal with his desire to revenge. Niko Bellic, the antagonist of this story is a Russian immigrant coming to Liberty City the game vision of New York. The game is funny of course but it also allows us to see the low sides of criminal lives. At no time did I feel anything too cliche or unoriginal, even with all the betrayl and backstabbing in this game.This game looks visually amazing, espically if you care to put mods in it, and the screenshots in my profile are a good representation of it. Driving in an Audi in the middle of Times Square in the middle of a raining night looked absolutely amazing and thats also thanks to the very diverse pedestrians engine. The city comes to life through it, it feels alive, real, and also dark and courrpted. The weather system is amazing, not once did I shake in my chair to the sound of a thunder in the game, and not once did I stop to admire the cloudy beautiful skys and the shiny cars. Even though the game is a bad port failing to run even on a newer systems, the mods make up to that and work on low specs computers as well.The audio in this game is also an unforgetable experience the music selection is very good and more importantly you get to listen to your own tunes if you choose to do so. The voices in this game are also beliveable and unique, from the heavily russian accent speaker Niko to the fast talker Jacob. The game conveys the feel of an overcrowded, overpopulated city through the sounds of car horns, lines of taxies, endless people and more and more.Some might see the fact the city is small as a downside, and for them I can also say try San Andreas or GTA V. I dont think this game could have been set anywhere else. The gameplay the shooting, the driving, the social system feels fun and fluid and not forced. By the social system I mean to the fact that you can arrange meeting and date characters in the game through your cellphone.Basicly I can say that Rockstar has outdone themselves with this game and I cant wait to play the DLCs.