If youre looking for a game review youve come to the wrong place. But if youre looking for a fantastic ravioli recipe youve come to the right place.Ingredients To Make the Dough375 grams 3 cups plain flour1/2 teaspoon salt2 eggs1/4 cup 50 ml / 3 tablespoons olive oil1/2 cup 120 ml / 8 tablespoons waterExtra flour for dusting To Make Cheese Filling15 ounces 425 grams container Ricotta cheese5 ounces 142 g/about 1/2 cup plus 2 tablespoons 3 Cheese Italian Blend Parmesan, Romano  AsiagoNote grate these cheeses yourself and create your own custom blend.1/2 cup cheddar cheese2 eggs, lightly beaten1/2 teaspoon salt1/2 teaspoon pepper ExtrasYour favorite sauce for the ravioli i.e. marinara/ marijuanaParmesan cheeseBasilFried vegetablesShrimpFish slicesChicken piecesMake the Ravioli filling. In a small mixing bowl, add the ricotta and mash with a fork. Add in the 3cheese blend, Cheddar cheese, eggs, salt, and pepper. Mix all ingredients thoroughly until you have a smooth, pastelike consistency. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and place it in the refrigerator for about 30 minutes.Make the Ravioli dough. Crack eggs into a large mixing bowl and beat them with a fork. Add water, oil, and salt. Mix. Add 1 cup flour to the bowl. Use a fork to mix the flour with the eggs, water, oil, and salt. Repeat with the rest of the flour. Mix until a smooth dough is formed. Clear and clean off a large work surface and dust it with flour. This is where you are going to roll out your dough. Take the dough out of the mixing bowl, shape it into a ball, and place it on your work surface. Knead for at least 10 minutes or until it becomes elastic. Dust a rolling pin with flour to prevent the dough from sticking. Roll out the dough until it is about 1/8 inch 1/3 cm thick, or about the thickness of 2 stacked quarters. With a cookie cutter or upsidedown water glass, cut out circles in the dough will make about 1520 dough circles. Ball up the unused dough and either roll it out and make a couple more raviolis, or wrap it and put in the freezer for another time. Dough can keep for weeks when frozen. Just make sure to wrap well so that it doesnt suffer from freezer burn or absorb freezer odor.Fill the Ravioli shells. Take the ravioli filling out of the refrigerator and place a tablespoon of it in middle of a dough. Fill a small bowl with water, dip your fingers in, and moisten around the outer edge of the dough circle. Fold the dough in half over the filling, making a halfmoon shape. Be sure all the filling stays inside. Pinch the edges together and then seal the edges of the ravioli with a fork. Make sure to press firmly and go all the way around. This will add a homemade touch as well. Repeat this process for all your dough circles. Dust the finished ravioli with flour to keep them from sticking together.Form the Shells and Fill Using a Ravioli maker. Roll the dough into two sheets Place one sheet on the ravioli maker, and form the filling cups. Fill with the ravioli mixture. Lay the second sheet of dough on top, and roll it out. This will seal in the filling. Remove and separate the finished raviolis.Cook the Ravioli. Fill a large pot with water and bring to a boil. Place the ravioli in boiling water for 56 minutes, or until they float. You can also test for doneness by nibbling on the edges to test. If you dont want to make all the ravioli at one time, you can freeze the rest Take ravioli out of boiling water with large slotted spoon and place on warmed platesServe it up.Top with your favorite sauce, grate some fresh cheese over it, and enjoy! 