Past all the Rocktard, Games For Windows Dead, Steamin Pile of Turd, and other delightful quirks and wonderful customer support What support?! We dun need no stinkin support!...As I said, past all that...As I was saying. Once you get past all that, the game can be quite fun...So. After you gently mod the living daylights out of the driving physicsand the POV / FOV, the revolutionary camera angle invented by Rocktards Most Wasted Employee of the MonthWhere was I... These interruptions trying to make to game run and behave in a civilised manner, as a game released on Steam supposedly should, are becoming annoying.Right. If you sort out this bloody mess successfully  congratulations, you are now overqualified for any job at Rockstar North, Rockstar Toronto.NVM though, you can get a job at Overkill. Nope, even more overqualified. UbiSoft Montreal. Nooo, way too overqualified. Well, crap. NVM, you need to work on your ineptitude.First, make a novelty demotivational poster using that motto Must screw up more often and in bigger ways! Now youre ready to play.Game can be fun.WHAT!? WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT?! The setup wore me out like a fourhour foreplay, give me a break. I need some of those mythical electrolytes.asks little Jenny and Johnny.All right, settle down, chirren, I will give you one simple example. Completely child and familyfriendly.Maybe not, dont quote me on that, Ive never been a model senpai under any name. Tend to chew my charges when I get peckish, then regurgitate fur balls and stuff. Not always as patient as I could be.The game teaches wholesome social interaction, the fostering of friendship and intimate relationships with mature pixels, and in general instils a healthy respect for others, along with good family values. Why are you gasping and spluttering? Jack Thompsons got it wrong.Ill explain. Using an example. This example grew, like a festering tumour, out of a comment I left on a friends review. NamelyI left out the best part  the next part, the followup, the checkup. The aggravated assault after the grievous bodily harm inflicted upon your pixellated companion, the aggravated punchline following the punchline.Instead of having to reload the game because youve done something naughty, you can go wreak some havoc, wait for your dear cousin to be patched up after you shot him in the face, and call asking you to pick him up at the hospital when hes discharged.At which point you can decide to be a dutiful cousin, drive to the hospital, stop, get out  and blow his head off again right in front of the hospital. Its very practical and considerate, what with medical help at hand. Rinse and repeat till he hates you.Dont worry, hell still call, hes as slow as he soundsreloads shotgun nonchalantlyThis then is the story of Roman as Johnny in Johnny Got His Gun. Always make sure to leave his medulla oblongata intact.PS.So you dont like this review, and wish to lodge a complaint, do you? Ah well, that hurts my feelings and annoys me. Now youve made me sad. Happy?No worries, Ill find a way to get over it. Tell you what...How about I pick you up and we go out bowling, dear reader?casually reloads shotgun