Im up there in the IV fanboy club looking at you SonOfLiberty/MiamiViceCity  , and let me tell how amazing this game was when it came out in general, well delve into the BS that IS the PC port.Watching cars getting deformed, those heavy albeit boat like suspensions rocking, the ragdolling thanks to euphoria! Hah, best thing ever. Getting drunk with Roman or  or Jacob and trying to walk straight to a cab without getting run over or falling face down, great stuff.Many people didnt like IV however, they criticized the driving I can see why, but I liked it a lot, added a challenge sort of, they hated the lack of so many RPG feature that the previous major release, San Andreas, had, and so on.But most of all, they criticized the dark, moody atmosphere and story line.This game is like a god damn Martin Scorsese film the story is arguably one the best in the genre, and is probably the best out of the entire series, including V. The struggle of an illegal immigrant trying to escape his past and seek revenge, the diamond trilogy, the twoDLCs that gave us more much needed insight into the story line and finally tied up as to what happened to those freaking diamonds, man, this game.Ive played through the story multiple times and never got bored of it. The initial missions are kind of eh, but once it picks up the pace it flies proper. The DLCs are straight fun from the start it self IMHO.Regarding the mood, I guess a lot of people dont like dark, washed out tones, thats understandable. TBoGT fixed that to some extent, but I personally loved the moody atmosphere as did a lot of others. Still waiting on a proper reshade/ENB to complement the original style.I highly recommend this game just for the story line and what not.Side missions are somewhat lacking though. Theres flying rat hunting, the Fixers contracts, the various mini games that comes as part of friend activities, Brucies street races, Stevies Car Thefts, vigilante work and stuff. Its ample, but more wouldve been nice.Liberty City is by far also one of my absolute favorite virtual locations. Gives off a true living breathing city vibe and is great fun to walk through. Very well detailed world with plenty of jabs and sly humor snuck around.Well, its ing terrible. Seriously. And everyone knows that nowadays anyway so...I had the GFWL disc versions until like 3 years ago and I almost never played the PC version unless I had to travel or something and take my laptop with me, because at least the console version wasnt plagued with the BS the PC version has, not to mention GFWL it self.I eventually got the Steam version I played a lot in offline mode, so dont mind the kind of low hours recorded,  the unrecorded GFWL copy time and well, by then a lot of stuff had been out to aid playing the game properly and make it  somewhat stable.Thankfully R learned better because V is eons better with its PC version which I believe isnt a console port like this one, and the previous GTA games before IV as well, even if its performance is slipping ever so slowly.There are a few issues playing on modern hardware and firmware a fair bit of work to do before you can properly play the game. Im not going to bother listing it all out here because a google search will solve all your issues for the most part.So there you go,. Really wish they would port it to steamworks and dump GFWL R.I.P.