Hey Niko! Lets go bowling! RomanIs a phrase you will be hearing alot as you play as Niko Bellic, his cousin. Fresh off the boat and wishing to start a new life in America, you will kill, steal and intimidate your way to the top of Liberty City, leaving nothing in your way.Story The story in Grand Theft Auto IV is very intricate. You start off with basically nothing but the clothes on your back and your cousin Roman, who is a struggling car dealer with lofty ambitions of fast cars, women and lots of money. As you complete each mission, you are greeted with a range of very interesting characters from the weed smoking Little Jacob to the balls to the wall crazy baldheaded Brucie. These characters have great chemistry with Niko and I found myself really wanting to play more to delve into this dark and twisted world. As you play through the game, the missions become more creative, intense and harder culminating in an epic finale. The main campaign took me around 25 hours to beat.Graphics For a game released in 2008, the graphics still hold up today if not looking abit murky. The textures are high definition but I often found myself wanting the game to use a brighter colour palette rather the the dark colours Rockstar have used. I guess the games look is reflective of the dark nature of the story.Sound All the characters have defining personalities and this is attributed to the superb voice acting. In particular, Niko and Romans voice actors really sell their characters and give them much needed charisma and presence. The radio stations are great too, with a wide range of music playing and funny radio personalities often talking. The sounds of cars are good though I would have to criticize the fact that most of them sound like vacuums.Gameplay I havent played GTA V so I will base the gameplay of GTA IV based on its predecessor San Andreas. The controls are much improved this time round, with a newly implemented cover system that makes gunfights alot easier, accessible and less frustrating this time round. However, I believe that controlling cars and Niko himself have gotten worse this time round, often feeling floaty and imprecise to move about.All in all, Grand Theft Auto IV is a solid game with an enticing story and memorable characters that will not let you put your controller or keyboard and mouse down.8/10. 