I almost gave this game a negative review. But there was too much putinto the game itself. Too much I put into the game. Took me over 100 hrs to finish it.Enough has been said abou GTA4, so all I can do is tell you how it went for me.GTA4 was my first GTA game ever. Last year, I did Sleeping Dogs and itis a first cousin in many ways yet not a GTA in the least. First off, ittook me roughly 10 hrs in total just to get the game to run. Lots of FPS issues,slow downs, lags, GFWL not working well or at all, overheating 2 differentPCs and actually damaging my laptop from GPU heat. You can tackle it inmany different ways  for me I had to disable all reflections, shadows, andeventually use a new PC with a new card. On top of that, I found the actualsteam overlay created an odd lag on all my PCs. Fortunately, I could play withoutsteam by launching straight to GWFL. Problem solved. To anyone setting it up...Good luck, is all I have to say.Now GTA4 is not terribly hard in the sense that its impossible to play. Just that itsbrutal in the way it does missions. You finish a mission and oops I ran over someone and a copsaw it. Now I have to drive like crazy and...sigh ran into another cop and now I will die. Youwould think you can start over from a checkpoint. NOPE. You have to start from SCRATCH. I lostcount of all the times I would get through a dragged out mission only to make a crucial mistakeat the end and screw it all up. Often it was something as simple as I hit a bump and my truckturned over and sigh have to start over from the beginning. Its not permadeath, but as closeas it gets. Even platformers have checkpoints. This has NONE save one that I remember, the lastmission I did Revengers Tragedy would save me the trouble of driving halfway through town. Moreon that later.I could handle the shootouts okay. Even the tough ones. Just that the cover feature would sometimesglitch and I would either crouch and not be able to fire a single shot or have to move just a bitaway from it and take immediate fire before I can target someone. Autotarget was okay most of thetime. Every mission would have errors, though, as it never quite targeted the guy you actually wantto kill.Driving. Better like it. Its in the title, so dont go in thinking its just a gangster game.Learn to drive and carefully too or you will die a million deaths. I still stink at it and I finishedthe game. Driving and shooting, I am even worse at. The missions that took me forever were alwaysdriving and shooting  usually with lots of turns, that just ruined it for me. And sometimes I wouldget the guy, only to accidently destroy the car and lose the loot, meaning a restart. Pulled out a fewclumps of hair on that.There are a handful of busy time wasting missions, but not much. I cant complain about any of thembeing annoying. Just that all the cheap shots in the gameplay are meant to screw you up and restartingeach time takes FOREVER.Story was engrossing, but I never really felt attached to Niko. I think more could have been doneto let the player into his psyche. When most of the actual banter happens inside a car, it canbe a little hard to convey that, though.So, I got to the last mission. Revengers Tragedy. After playing it for 1012 attempts I found out itwas not my fault  there is a game ending BUG there. No matter how many times I clicked into thehelicopter I would die. So, I had to cap it at 30 FPS, lower all settings to mediumlow in case of memoryissues, and window mode the game. I think the FPS and window mode did the trick and after that I waseasily able to drive the helicopter...although I had trouble steering it and lost Dimitri several times untilI lucked out  on my last attempt was literally down to 30 bullets  and got to the last scene where Ishot my way through and grabbed ammo as fast as possible before getting shot to death. I will notgo back to try the other ending. Im done. Time for a platformer or something. Will play the DLClater when I get in the mood. I have to say, never had a game get my heart pounding like this one.I knew that if I messed up it meant starting from scratch. Makes it tense. Still have not decided ifit is a bad thing or not. I would have finished in less than half the time if there were checkpoints, but it losesa lot of adrenaline if its taken away. Enjoy Happiness Island, Niko. 