All of this can be fixed so dont worry, iam just pointing out how ridiculous this thing really is. So you can still go and buy the game just read this, and if you dont want to go through these problems then consider if you want to really buy the game, or not. Also keep in mind that you will need to create 2 accounts, and i know that its not that big of a problem, i just wanted to point it out,because i didnt in the review and iam too lazy of fixing it.This game is not the worst GTA ever created, but the networks arround it are. And i have few things to say about themNo.1 SocialClubWhen i launch the game it opens a social club window where it says that i dont need an account to play singleplayer but when i click play offline nothing happens. So i try to sing up but it says that the email is invalid even tho its obviusly not just to clear things up i can sign up to the rockstar page. Eventualy i figured out that you have to click the play button 3 times to proceed it might be just me, idk.No.2 More bullshtSo iam past the bullsht that they call the SocialClub and i finnaly get to play. Just that i actualy dont, iam waiting for it to launch and it takes almost forever. So then i decide to open my steam, and what do i see ? that iam not playing it anymore. So i launch it again i click the play button 3 times but still nothing. So finnaly i decide to restart my PC. I start the game up, click 3 times on the play button yes... again and this time the game actualy launches. So im like yay i finnaly get to play the game.No.3 Settings not realyAfter the game finnaly decided to launch the setting were set to the lowest so i decided to change them to the highest obviusly, but the problem is it didnt let me. I was trying to change them but every time i cliked it just changed back immediately. So then i tryed to restart the game... again. clicked the button 3 times you know how it is by now and the game launches. And guess what, still cant change the settings.No.4 The wrap upDunt buy this game. Unless you want to spend a lot of time getting it to work its pain in the as, but it is possible to fix. Which doesnt change my thoughts about it. You shouldnt need to find tutorials on how to install a game is what i mean to say. And if you want to play older gta not GTA V then buy San Andreas, its right here on steam so i guess that makes it easy.And if you want to buy this game or already bought it here is a guide on how to fix all of the stuffDont worry i know its for windows 10 but it will work just as good for any windows, you will just have a different layout.I would just like to say that even tho there is a fully working guide that helps you fix all the stuff. There is still the thing that it should not be a problem in the first place and the guide is not even from rockstar its from a very kind guy which only proves the amount of fck rockstar gives. So that is why i dont recomend this game. 