Ive never played a GTA game before, and while the game looks like it has some potential  there are just too many frustrations to recommend it. So many, I dont even know where to begin.Driving vehicles is like it was programmed by a 10 yearold who has never driven a car before. Normally that wouldnt be a big deal  but much of the game involved driving around, so youre frustrated before you can even start the mission. The police just add to the frustration. Walking into an officer on the street is a crime and the cops will start shooting at you for that. But baddies chasing after you shooting with automatic weapons? Thats fine. But even touch a police car and the cops are after you. And dont even get me started about all the missions where you make even one small mistake and you have to start from the beginning, which involves a long, slow, painful drive to the start of the mission.And buggy too! I just stopped playing and had to write this review because I parked my car in front of a hot dog stand, got out and hit E to buy a hot dog. Only the game wants you to walk in front of the stand, but my car was there. So the game just keeps trying and trying and trying to walk my character in front the stand. In any other game, youd just cancel and walk away but here? No. You have to restart, losing all progress. Nice.And dont even get me started about the crappy character controls, crappy weapon controls and crappy AI for your homies when in a mission. Seriously, was this game even play tested before they released it?So my recommendation? Go play Saints Row instead. Yeah, the world isnt as detailed or the missions as complicated but... its what GTA would be like if GTA were actually fun to play.EDIT The more I play this game, the more I hate what a complete piece of crap it is. Buggy as hell. Most missions, you have 15 minutes of driving only to have 30 seconds of some mission breaking bug fail your mission  through no fault of your own. Then restart and have fun sitting through another 10 minutes of crappy vehicle controls for your next, 30 second random chance at failure.Lets see... just today Car not strong enough to drive on grass ! so car is stuck  mission failed, baddie is not killable unless you get out of the car, so he takes 3 clips and gets up shooting my char  mission failed, clearing the area before youre supposed to means the next wave of baddies spawn while youre right next to them, surprise headshot from behind  mission failed. The list goes on and on. I mean, did anyone at Rockstar even play test this game before releasing it!? My verdict  Game Failed. 