In regards to everyone complaining that this game and its expansions dont work on Windows 10 This game doesnt work on ANY Windows. I primarily use Windows 7 but also have 10 as a secondary OS and either way this game in its current state is a INGSHOW. I saw all the complaints and bad reviews and thought oh it cant be that bad, or theres probably a fix for whatever affects some users...No, it really is that bad. Oh, the fixes are out there... And Im not exactly bad with computers, as I just mentioned Im running a rig with multiple operating systems that I can run programs off of so Im pretty good at getting things to work, but this is ridiculous. The things I had to look up and put into place to both A get a resolution better than 800 x 600 and B be able to save my game because GFWL would NOT log in it wouldnt let me enter my current password, and the supposed newer version of GFWL DOESNT WORK... Okay, you can already see what a ING MESS THIS GAME IS...I was literally minutes away from requesting a refund on this. And Im not the refunding type... Im an avid game collector, and I collect them all, the good and the bad... But the thing is, they need to actually work...At any rate, once you get the entire hot mess out of the way the game is great. But I recommend either staying with console version or tackle this only if you are wellrested and willing to do some technical work just to get this working out of the box because Rockstar is too ing ignorant to make a few easy patches that all other games from this games time period have already been given.I honestly want to never support Rockstar again after dealing with this, thats how bad it is.By the way Ill leave a brief summary of what I had to do to get this working First off rightclick the game title in the Steam library not in Windoes Explorer like I initially did, click properties, and in launch options put this line nomemrestrict norestrictions ...that will make the game accept modern resolutions without crashing your computer. Then youll want to take care of the GFWL crisis BEFORE YOU EVEN START THE GAME OTHERWISE YOU WONT BE ABLE TO SAVE! and they dont even warn you that you need to be logged into GFWL ahead of time, not even a whisper. Go to this siteand download the first link. Unrar that item and copy all those files to the game files of both GTA IV and the expansions. That should delete GFWL from being mandatory for saving.Rockstar Social Club also has a failing login but it seems you can play the game without it, so just opt to play offline and youre good to go. Unless you want to play multiplayer, then I have no freaking clue what youll need to do. 