Grand Theft Auto IV is an amazing game, no doubt. I have it for every platform... and unfortunatly this one too.First of all, this PC Port is one of the laziest game ports Ive ever had the opportunity to play. Its like playing an emulator. I ONLY get about 59 FPS average maxed out in benchmark for my powerful gaming rig. A game made in 2008. So if you dont have a gaming PC do not attempt to play becuase you will get better FPS in the PS3 port.Once you start up the game, you will get the first account log in feature Social Club. If you do not create one you cant play online and it restricts you from other online features, none of which I care for. At this point I said Okay, its just one. Lets keep moving.So then I am at the main title screen. My settings were automatically set very low so I went to edit them in the options menu. I then see how it says I do not have enough video RAM to increase the graphics. My video card has 4GB of VRAM. I looked up why this was happening and its because if you have more than 2GB of VRAM GTA IV detects it as less than 2GB of VRAM. So then I had to exit the game, and open the launch options and enter in some lines of code that helped fix this problem. After I rebooted the game, and I could finally max it out.So I play the game, and get through to the part where I get to Romans apartment. Then, at the first autosave I was then confronted by Games For Windows LIVE. I needed to be logged in to GFWL just for my game to autosave or it would disable autosave. At this point I was really frusterated. For the second time I exited the game and created literally 2 more accounts which were Microsoft related which took atleast 10 minutes for me. I then rebooted the game and had to restard all over again. I finally could autosave.So no, I do not reccomend this crappy port of GTA IV to anybody. A waste of money. An extremely terrible port, you need to tweak with the games properties in order to actually customize your settings if you have more than 2GB of VRAM which most people who game do and you need to create several accounts in order to have full access to the games features. I gave my money to play the game, not have to deal with all of this bull. Do yourself a favor, and get this magnificent game on a console instead. 