REVIEW  Grand Theft Auto IVInterestingly, even though Ive had GTA IV on my PS3 since 2009 or so, I never managed to finish it, and only bought it on Steam this holiday sale, and managed to complete the main storyline in a few weeks.As a GTAveteran Played III, Vice City, San Andreas, Liberty City Stories, IV  V of sorts, I will say my personal opinion of the game after completion.What Im about to say may shock some and surprise others in a positive way.I think GTA IV is the best GTA to date right after GTA V.Why? It doesnt have the customization of San Andreas, its vast scale or V for that matter, nor the exotic feeling Vice City gave us. It has annoying friends calling you every few minutes asking you to go bowling or play darts with them. It has nearly zero sidecontent all it has really are some random stranger missions, a bit like RDR and VBut what it has is the best atmosphere of all GTA games, minus V. You really feel you are in Liberty City, the districts feel different, and the city just seems...alive.I will categorize this review into segments.Spoilers will be avoided to the best of my ability just in case someone is yet to play this game.S T O R YYou play as Niko Bellic, an Easterneuropean immigrant migrating to Liberty City parody of Manhattan  surrounding boroughs. Your cousin, Roman, has sent you emails about how life is great and how hes living the American Dream, so you head to the US of A to check things out. Needless to say, things arent as shiny as Roman said, and Niko needs to build his way up from the bottom to achieve some...personal goals.Overall, the story is both weak and well written. Weak in that its bloated and far too long, it has a huge cast of supporting characters and for some people it may be hard to actually keep track whos who. Also the story does grow stale towards the end and at least in my opinion some very minor characters got far too much screen time. Well written in that its a gripping and a gritty tale of how humans can never truly escape their past, and how were driven by revenge. The storyline takes around 2530 hours, id say.G A M E P L A YThe gameplay is essentially nonlinear  openworld. Right from the beginning, youre thrown out into Liberty City namely Bohan, one of its districts and youre free to do whatever you wish, though I will reiterate theres not much sidecontent on display. Most of what you can do is hanging with friends, date girls, buy clothes, get drunk, and shoot cops lol apart from the story missions there are also the so called random stranger missions, which usually feature an errand or some other short job to do. There are also assassination missions. You can buy weapons and body armor. You can drive cars but theyre not upgradeable aparts from a paint job. Also, the car handling is absolutely terrible. they slide like theyre on ice constantly, even the fastest sport cars! No idea what Rockstar was smoking when they decided on the car handling.Liberty City is divided into boroughs, which are separated by bridges, at the beginning these bridges are sealed, but when you progress the story you open up more areas and are free to roam wherever you wish on the map.The game is driven by EUPHORIA, the physics engine that is absolutely fantastic. It simulates stuff like bullet impacts, crashes etc realistically so for example no 2 deaths are the same, people dont just ragdoll, they die realistically falling to the ground as youd expect a shot/hit person to behave. Its absolutely one of the games highlights.Cop chases get harder as the rating the wanted system is divided into 6 stars, all representing more advanced police forces after you rises. On lower levels escaping is pretty easy but past level 3, it gets really tricky. Expect to die a lot in cop shootouts.Also one complaint I do have is that theres no checkpoints during missions save a few exceptions, there are a few things more annoying than playing a mission for 30 minutes straight and ending up losing because you crashed and died so you have to play the whole freaking mission all over again. Though the checkpoints were added in subsequent Rockstar releases, this is really something noticeable.Overall, id say the gameplay is fantastic, I enjoyed greatly just having a go at the cops and escaping, watching them stumble as i fired my gun at them or just being a nuisance and crusuing away, or just eating at restaurants or enjoying the sights the game has to offer.G R A P H I C S  A U D I OI gotta admit, I played the game with an ENB config, because I did not like how the game looks by default, so I will not comment on the graphics too much. Overall it has aged quite well, way better than say, GTA SA which was a lastgen game, to be fair. The textures are okay, if a bit muddy, the lighting by default mostly works, but is better with an ENB.The game is notorious for being awfully optimized for PCs, my rig i72600k, GTX 670 2 GB  16GB RAM runs the game at around 4045 FPS with an ENB enabled at highultra settings, but im not so nitpicky on that, just be sure you have a good computer if you wish fluid performance.The audio is excellent minus some of the gun sounds, for example the pistol sounds like a BB gun, not an actual Glock.Theres 18 radio stations ranging from talk Integrity to rap Beat 102.7 to even easterneuropean station Vladivostok FM, plus you have Independence FM which you can use to scan your own mp3 files and play them in your ingame radio, handy!Theres also a soundtrack, but it is mostly on the background and not noticeable during gameplay really.Overall, the audio is solid.C  O N C L U S I O NI said at the preface I think this is the best GTA after V. So do I recommend it? Yes! for 20  or whatever your currency is?Well, maybe. It has a bit of a steep asking price for a game that came out in 2008, but I believe its an experience worth getting, especially on sale. The game also has a very active moddingcommunity, so that is one good reason as well.If you want a game about playing as a criminal whos likable even though a bit cynical and pessimistic, act a jerk in public, play through a gripping story, and experience the city that never sleeps, in an open world thats sizeable and full of life, what are you waiting for?Get this game.Enjoy Liberty City!PS Ignore Roman most of the time, he just wants to see American s or go bowling. 