Ill do this review in comparison with GTASan Andreas to give you an honest, concise idea of how good GTA IV actually isGraphicsSA5/10  GTA IV8/10GTA IV is definitely a stepup in terms of graphics and with its new physics engine included. Characters look alot less blocky and  alot more smooth.GameplaySA9/10 GTA IV6/10GTA IV is sorely lacking for things to do for an open ended free roaming game of its kind. Sure you get to ask friends out for pool, darts and even a meal but doing those activities with different friends get old pretty quick. Side missions are also lacking compared to SA. As for the main storyline missions, they are very linear which usually involves Go to X location and kill Y Guy. They lack the flavour and uniqueness of the missions that SA provides along the course of its main plot. And for a free roaming game, once youve completed the main storyline there really isnt much to do with all the hard earned cash youve made. There are no properties to buy, not much clothes or customisation to be had as well. Money is mostly to be spent on the increased hospital bills and weapons. This stymies the games sense of open endedness as there really isnt much to do. One nice touch is the addition of a handphone you get to carry around where you will receive calls regularly which makes you feel that the world actually doesnt just revolve around your actions and the NPCs in the game are kind of alive and out doing their ownThe map/world sizeSA9/10  GTA IV5/10SA had 3 different cities, all of which had its own different environment and feel to it. In GTA IV, youre stuck with Liberty city where aside from the main city area, everywhere else feels the same. Ranging from your usual suburban area to the dirty, rundown ghettos to the city skyscrapers. These take up mostly of what is Liberty City.Main StorylineSA9/10  GTA IV3/10SAs story was fun and it introduced you to a lot of unique and crazy characters. Also providing you with enough slow downs throughout the story to give you time to breathe and look back at how far youve come and also having that sudden shift in things wherehits the fan and all hell breaks loose. From start to end the story was satisfying and only had a couple of odd missions here and there. In GTA IV, the characters are just as unique and interesting from SA with you meeting your cousin from the getgo and meeting a bunch of different people along the way. Niko Bellic aka the character youre playing is also very loveable and perhaps slightly better than CJ from SA.However, the major downside was GTA IVs storyline. Without putting any spoilers, the story built up alot of suspense and tension, only to lead you to a very anticlimatic ending. Things end abruptly and doesnt really give you any closure for you or the character youre playing. Its almost like watching a movie with a cliffhanger and knowing theres no sequel to it.Overall ScoreGTA SA 9/10  GTA IV 6/10GTA IV is nothing like what its predecessors were. Even Vice City, for such an old game, is ever so slightly better than GTA IV IMO. The devs dumbed down the gameplay alot and made the entire game alot more linear, defeating the whole purpose of a free roaming, dowhateveryouwant, game. Dont get me wrong, the main story and the missions are still good and you will have fun playing it. Problem is its just not as fun or good as SA or even Vice City. The game is fun but very forgettable.