I, uhhh, well, Im gonna get a torm of hate for writing a negative review on the game that was part of many of our childhoods, but after all these years, playing it again has been a great disappointment. Heres why please do remember that I will keep in mind how old this game is.I know that graphics dont make the game, but considering that this game came out after the firstCreed, which handled textures considerably well for being a sandbox game, the faces in GTA IV are a pain to look at. Niko barely resembles the box art and frankly looks like he has downs syndrome. Aside from that, lets leave the graphics for now.The physics engine is what truly troubles me. When youre driving peacefully and try to make a turn, the car will usually decide that sliding sideways all the way into another country seems more appealing. This makes police chases and other missions that include racing after a target at full speed and trying to ram them an absolute nightmare.You can only autosave after completing a mission, or properly save by going to one of your safehouses and sleeping. Theres no checkpoints in missions. You die, get caught by the police, or your target escapes, leads to you finding yourself god knows how far from the mission start, allowing you to drive all the way there again, and doing it all again. Feels like Darksouls all over, but less fun.This leads me to my next point. I dont know why this game isnt called Driving simulator 2009. Every single mission includes driving for at least five to ten minutes and theres no fast travel except for taking a taxi. Driving to a mission that just happens to be in a different part of the city consumes another 520 minutes, depending on car choice and how many police cars you accidentally scratch on the way. It just feels like a waste of time.A.I. of cops and enemies seems like the developers were aiming for supersoldier, which is even more visible when they drive and manage to crash four cars into yours simultaneously, completely blocking you. You try to get out of the car, get hit by a single shot and fall over. Before you get the chance to even move, ten cops will pull out an entire arsenal and down you in less than a second. Also, interestingly, if you are chasing somebody by car, and they shoot at you with assault rifles, nothing happens. Dare to shoot at them once with a tiny little gun, and youll have five police cars right behind you in what I swear seems less than the time it takes for the shot to actually reach the car youre following.Last but not least, this leads me to the combat mechanics. My god have I failed many missions because of Niko only being able to aim at the target closest to him, hiding behind a wall, whilst a second enemy stands just a few metres behind, in plain sight, turning you into a pasta strainer with his assault rifle. Or the wobbly drunk camera which cant decide between looking the way youre trying to aim and the way youre trying to walk, and please dont get me started on trying to shoot whilst driving. It all just feels chunky and unrefined, and accounts for half of the missions that I have failed.So, bear with me and picture this scenario you have a mission where you are supposed to kill three managers of a strip club. Youre prepped with your beautiful 8,500 sniper rifle, a 2,500 shotgun, your gun, a 6,000 assault rifle, some SMG and expensive grenades, full ammo and bullet proof vests.You drive there for ten minutes, get out of the car, walk in, find out the first manager is in a little room next to the entrance. Walk in, kill him. The moment you walk out of the room, five thugs mow you down with guns. You lose half health, but survive. The other two managers of the club are escaping in a car, so, knowing that killing the thugs will take too long, you just run out of the strip club and jump into the first car you find. Drive until you finally catch up to the managers, your car already looking like a pile ofbecause its tried to kiss every lamp post on the way. You try to shoot at the managers car, which seems to do barely any damage, before you realize that a dozen cops are trying to ram into you whilst completely ignoring the car shooting at you.They crash into you, blocking any escape routes, shoot you down when you get out of the car, and finally arrest you. You find yourself outside the police station. No weapons, not a lot of money, since the money that you had been saving from missions went into buying better weapons, and you get a text message that allows you to retry the mission from the beginning.Please tell me how this would possibly not be the best ragequit material you have ever heard of, when skill barely affects the outcome.4/10 am probably not touching that game again for a while. 