If youre looking to play some GTA, I suggest picking a different one. I didnt hate GTA IV, but I feel there are much better entries in the series.You play Nico Bellic, an Eastern European with perfect aim but a crippling inability to use seatbelts.  Hes just arrived in America to run from his past, make a fortune, and get revenge.Unfortunately, even getting to the beginning of the game can be a chore. When I first started it, repeatedly telling it I didnt want to log into Rockstars Social Club, I was met with a warning that my graphics card which is six years newer than the game itself  wasnt good enough to run it. The menu was terribly distorted and when I tried to change the graphics options it wouldnt let me.Luckily, Nvidias Geforce Experience let me optimize the games settings to playable levels. I again denied the various login requests and started the game. I played for a while, then decided to stop. Thats when I found I couldnt save. For some reason Rockstar decided Steams validation wasnt good enough and you are required to log into a Microsoft account in order to be allowed to save. Of course, it wouldnt let me log in without first quitting the game, so I had to replay the beginning of the game a second time.It didnt take long for me to get frustrated with the driving physics. Apparently the entire world is made of loose dirt except, of course, for the dirt roads, which are made of ice and any rapid changes in acceleration will cause your car to spin out. Since Im playing at a computer and not using actual gas/brake pedals, every pressed button is a sudden change in acceleration. Never in a GTA game have I been such a careful driver, obeying speed limits not for fear of a speeding ticket but because I dont want my car to suddenly spin 180 degrees. Luckily some modders agreed with me and I was able to download a file that made driving much better.Liberty city itself is quite nice, with a lot of attention to detail. The roads arent always organized in such a way that makes driving around fun, but most of the time they arent too bad. In almost every case theyre significantly wider than realistic big city roads, which is nice for driving between cars. Theyre frequently empty, though, which makes the GTA portion of the game a chore at times. In a city based on New York there should be cars all over the place. Im guessing the lack is due to the processing power required.Sadly, the missions are pretty monotonous. Almost every mission is drive here to start the mission, then drive there, then kill some people with the occasional now escape from police thrown in at the end.  The main character is willing to do these missions because hes convinced he really needs the money, yet he doesnt seem to have any use for it. There is no property to purchase in this iteration of GTA, so the only use for money is buying guns and armor. There arent even many choices of weapons. No silenced pistols, no remote explosives, no heatseeking rockets.I also found the characters universally unlikable. There wasnt a single character in the game that I actually liked, which led to me not really caring when one died suddenly or I was forced to choose who lives and who dies. Many of the NPCs will pester you to spend time with them, getting upset when you turn them down. The minigames and other forms of entertainment you can take NPCs to are well done, but their frequent calls and texts when youre busy doing other things can get annoying. In a few instances its your own character whose cell phone usage is a problem. Hell pull out his cell phone slowing to a walk while he talks and call to say hes completed a mission to kill someone, completely ignoring the fact that police are surrounding him and starting to shoot.Again, I didnt hate GTA IV. In several areas of the game they did quite well. Overall, though, Id suggest buying a different one.