I have had ZERO issues running this game. Running 70fps with an OLD AMD 6870 1GB graphics card in my build.The game launches, I run it in Steam, tied to my Rockstar account, and get achievements for my Xbox Live profile.Sure there are layers here, but if you cant manage your own email address, and passwords to services you most likely already have used in the past, then you have a user issue, not a platform issue.This game is long.I skipped all the cutscenes on this play through. I have played this game 56 times over the past 10 years, on multiple platforms, and keep finding enjoyment when I come back.I have put iningame time for this play through, and skipped every cutscene I could. I have now completed the game, storywise, and havent even begun on the sidemissions, activities, and general fun you can have exploring Liberty City.My game profession showscomplete. I still have a ways to go.This game in many ways, is actually better than GTA V.Cars take better damage detection and visual representation.The physics for driving is more realistic, and weighted. Cars turn heavy, and it requires strategic braking and hand braking to complete highspeed turns.This is less arcadey as GTAV. GTA 4 is gritty, its dark, its a cold rainy outlook of Liberty City, compared to GTA Vs hypey, colorful countrysides of Los Santos.Gunplay seems to be more duck and cover, and less run and run as well. You can physically shoot a gun out of someones hands and force them to run and grab it or switch to a secondary. Bodies fall and get knocked back more realistically. After being shot, people will huddle and crawl away.Theres a lot more I can say about this game, but Ill end it with this paragraph. I absolutely recommend GTA 4 for fans of the GTA series. Its byfar one of the best games created for any platform. From beginning to end, the game will have you laughing and sweating from the shootouts. There are around 100 missions to complete and finish. Not including sideactivities. I originally bought this game as The Collectors Edition with Steel LockBox for the Xbox 360, and stood inline to pick it up. Here 10 years later, I find my self playing it in 1080p/60fps on PC, using an Xbox 360 controller, and having more fun than I ever did back then.This game runs smooth, and is not a nightmare like everyone claims. Use your Microsoft account, that you already have created with Windows 10 in the first place, and use your Rockstar social, which should be the same email address you use for Microsoft account to begin with.