Edited Updated June 22, 2016If your like me and my friend who came from the PS3 version of GTAIV and wanted an upgraded version of GTAIV than this is definitely it! Yes, this game is old but its still one of those games we will never stop playing and still have fun with. Being able to play this game in full 1080p 60fps is amazing, again... coming from the PS3 version to me and my friend, it felt like a remastered GTAIV experience.Here are some things you should know about this game in order to get it working properly1. Make sure you do not have Windows Firewall or any Xbox related services disabled it will prevent you from updating Xbox LIVE2. If you have trouble logging into Social Club such as the dreaded failed login problem the prompt of Social Club login before the game starts, close the game application and go toYour drive letter may be different if your downloading games on a seperate HDD, be sure to change the letter to the correct drive letter of your steam games.  CSteamLibrarysteamappscommonGrand Theft Auto IVGTAIVThis is the main directory of the game. locate the Pual.dll file and delete it.Next, follow these steps this is a sure way to get the game working, me and my friend has tried this and has worked for the both of us. Credit goes to CodeineInferno for coming up with this fixPost by CodeineInfernoFound a fix for Windows 10, not sure if some of you are still trying to play GTA4 but Ill leave this for anyone else who experienced the problem.!! TIP If youre a Win 7 user Try using the same steps while using Compatibility mode for Win XP SP3 instead of Win 7 as menioned below.1 After installing GTAIV from Steam, download  install Games for Windows Live client from here2 Rightclick on the GFLW client installer and go into Properties make sure its set to run in Compatibility mode for Windows 7. Then proceed with the install. Open GFLW making sure it runs in Compatibility mode for Windows 7 and check if it atleast lets you login with your LIVE credentials.3 Go in your GTAIV game folder and rename paul.dll to paul.old this will temporarily bypass Social Club login in order to allow you to register your GTA4 on LIVE. Also make sure your GTAIV.exe is set to Windows 7 Compatibility.4 Start GTAIV the usual way using LaunchGTAIV.exe, you should be able to get to the main menu. Once in the main menu, click on LIVe. This will hopefully bring down the LIVE dashboard, login with your LIVE account and follow the instructions  allow LIVE to apply updates.5 After LIVE updates itself, exit the game. Now, download the GTAIV game patch from hereOnce again, make sure the installer is in Compatibility mode for Windows 7, then proceed.6 The patch should update and create a new Paul.dll in the GTAIV directory. Attempt to startup GTAIV normally now. If RGSC still refuses to login, follow additional steps. If not, enjoy!7 IF YOUR RGSC STILL DOESNT LOGINBackup your Paul.dll file, then delete it. Login to Steam Library  rightclick on GTAIV  Local Files  Verify Integrity of Game Cache. Steam will redownload paul.dll for you. Launch GTAIV thru LaunchGTAIV.exe and your RGSC login should now work.8 The login may not work next time for no specific reason. I got tired at that point and renamed paul.dll to paul.old. This skipped the RSGC login yet still allowed me to login to LIVE and MP still works I can create games, yet I havent found any or tested if my friend can join yetLet me know if this works for you as well and maybe we can get this to other Win 10 users.If your having isssues setting the graphics setting on GTAIV, then go on Steam and go to Library and click on Games. Next, rightclick on Grand Theft Auto IV and select Properties and on the General tab, select Set Launch Options... and paste this line in.nomemrestrict norestrictionsThen save the changes. Now launch GTAIV and you should be able to change the graphics settings. Enjoy 