HOW TO GET GAMING WORKING Disclaimer this game does not have mulitplayer anymore1. Go to Youtube, type this in the search bar, GTA IV Not Launching Fix Steam Click the video by Doobie Boy Shout out to him for the video and the fix link2. Click thelink and download the zip file Ive already done this its not a virus.3. Unzip the file and exteract it to somewhere you can see it.4. Go to your GTA IV folder in your steam folder. If you dont know how to get to it its. This PC My Computer  Windows C  Program Files x86  Steam  steamapps  common  Grand Theft Auto IV  GTAIV5. Once youre in the GTAIV folder look for a file called Paul.dll once you find it drag it out and place it on your desktop you shouldnt need it anymore.6. Open the file you downloaded, and drag the two command files into the GTAIV folder, dont drag the readme.txt its not needed. If you have the Episodes from Liberty City Find the the folder called EFLC and do the samething for the regular game.7. Open the game it will take a few seconds to load up. If you have Windows 10 or 8.1 your computer may tell you, you dont have the current version of Windows Live dont listen to that.8. The game should launch and you never had to sign into Social Club or Windows Live.Now the next thing is to fix the resolution, the game by default is 800x600 and the game will not let you change it. Dont worry your pretty faces I got you.1. Go back to your GTAIV folder.2. Look for a application called LaunchGTAIV3. When you find it right click it and hover over send to, then click To desktop shortcut4. On your desktop it should by default be called LaunchGTAIV shortcut5. Right Click it and go to properties.6. There should be 5 tabs on the top of this window, click the shortcut tab.7. There should be a Box called Target where you enter text into. Put this in at the end. BEFORE YOU ENTER THIS IN HIT SPACEBAR ONCE. norestrictions8. Clicky apply and then ok.9. Launch the game again and go into your options/ settings tab in game, and now you should be able to adjust your graphic settings. Just make sure you dont over do it and kill our computer.Just as a side note because you are not using the Shortcut steam made, steam can not keep track of your game hours, and Shift  Tab doesnt work, so youll have to Alt  Tab out to message someone or reply.I really hope this works guys GlHF! 