Grand Theft Auto 4 is bad for your bone and waste your money. Let me explain why this game is bad.1st, The Messed up Windows Live account I know a lot of people comlain about this, but if you interested, please check my story of Windows Live Account. This really a disgrace from R and Microsoft to the customer.First, after a while I come back and play this game a minor trivial, after GTA 4 update make all script mods dead, I dont play GTA 4 often anymore, I realize that I cant login to my Windows Live account. It took me a while to go around the internet to find out that after a while you dont play GTA 4, the Windows Live account mess up, the workaround is to click the option create new account, then a web page pop up, then login to that web page. Then after a few try, you should sucessfully login to your Windows Live account so that you CAN PLAY your GTA 4. Ok, so that make me a little tired, then I realize for some reason, the save file is corrupt. I have to start the game all over again, Ok, with that all these trouble, I think I still can forgive R and move on, but then another BIG trouble comming up  I CANT PLAY MULTIPLAYER now even though theres not much to play in multiplayer now, which Ill explain later  when I make Niko pull up the phone to access multiplayer, it tell me I have to join Live to play multiplayer  What? Ive already signed in, havent I? I could play it before, but why I cant play it now, just because Windows Live messed up? My advice, dont buy game which has anything to do with Windows Live  it disappointed you now what gonna guarantee that it wont disappoint you later.2nd, The ghost town in multiplayer mode Well, this is not exactly R fault except GTA 4 update make all script mods dead  script mod is the only thing that keep GTA games alive, look at GTA SanAndreas and see that its still alive to this day, and the multiplayer community is still massive, even though the private multiplayer server gonna go dead any days, but if you buy GTA 4 because you expect you can play GTA 4 with the whole world, Im afraid you gonna be disappointed. GTA 4 multiplayer now is like a ghost town. Not crowded anymore... And now with the bug of Windows Live, wow!So GTA 4 is really boring now, if you decide to buy GTA 4, I recommend you save your money. I bought it but I didnt enjoy it much actually not at all before I decide to uninstall it. If you buy this game 5 years ago, I think it worth the money, but now it gonna be a waste. 