ProsBest story line in any game everCharacters are hilarious and will make you laugh even if youre Grumpy CatGraphics are amazing once you install the iCEnhancer 3.0 mod it makes it looks better than GTA VHas the best music out of all GTAsGood radio stationsGood bowling simulatorAnd now for the cons, which ruin a great game.Absolutely awful game optimization. This game is more than 7 years old, yet it still struggles on todays hardware. I have a GTX 980 GPU and will not get more than 40 fps. iCEnhancer hardly affects performance, before the mods install I got 45 fps. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOUR COMPUTER IS AVERAGE OR BELOW 2015 STANDARDS.Forced Social Club. Social Club isnt even necessary to run the game. I can sign in offline in Social Club and still play multiplayer. In fact, Rockstar actually took out Social Club in a patch but put it back in a later patch. However, you still need to have Social Club to start the game.Forced Games for Windows. Games for Windows is required to run the game. I cannot believe that Steam doesnt even install the application when you buy the game. You need to actually start the game, figure out that it doesnt work, and then look up on the internet for a solution, only to find out that this was a problem that couldve been easily avoided. Anywho, Games for Windows could be replaced with Steams multiplayer system.Graphics are awful without mods. The game looks like the Hellen Keller Experience without mods. Im serious, its too dark to see anything. You need to mod the graphics.You cant mod without editing the game. The current GTA version of Steam wont let you mod unless youre willing to experience bugs. You need to downgrade the game to 1.0.4.0 to actually mod it.You cant play modded in multiplayer. You cannot join some multiplayer games if you are modded, the game will simply reject you.Guns and cars are not upgradeable and are boring unless you modAll in all, this is my favorite GTA because of how interesting and different it is from Rockstars other GTAs. It will keep you playing for hours. However, the fact that Rockstar doesnt know how to do a proper PC port excluding GTA V, that shows some hope, ruins it. You have to be willing to put up with a lot of garbage to play it. Im going to ignore this games technical issues and make this a positive rating. 