Ive long avoided the GTA series, beliving it was just a franchise played by teenagers trying to be edgy and feel badass, but I picked Grand Theft Auto IV up on sale and I can see just how wrong I was, this is a genuinely great game!The game has a lot of social commentry and witty writing, as well as a suprisingly good story and features a beliveable and tragic protaginist, Niko. Nikos story is full of twists, tragerdy and moral grey areas, which makes the game feel like a TV show ala Breaking Bad, as opposed to merely a collection of levels. The writing is far from perfect, but the story is thrilling enough and easily one of the better naratives in gaming. I can honestly say, I did not expect a Grand Theft Auto game to move me so strongly at the ending, yet here I was on the verge of tears!!Liberty City, the games setting feels alive and has a proper city atmosphere. Driving in the rain is a thing of true beauty, and walking along the sea shore hearing the waves is an immersive expereince.  The game is rather old now, yet it looks just as great as it did the day the game came out, time has been kind on GTA IV.The gameplay is expected, yet feels satisfying. Admittably, the driving is awkward for the first few hours, but by the end, it felt second nature. Shooting works as youd hope, and feels great, and on a keyboard and mouse, the controls are breeze! There are some major issues however, such as the lack of mid mission checkpoints. Nothing frustrates like having to completly restart a mission for stuffing up towards the end of said mission, and this really works to the games detriment. The game uses Games for Windows Live too, but I simply used the  mod to disable this and enjoy the game as it should be enjoyed make sure you turn autosave on if you are using the mod though.Barring the awful lack of mid mission check points, and the broken but easily disabled GFWL, GTA IV really should not missed, and with GTA V just around the corner, theres no better time to enter the world of Liberty City!!