Misleading title. Why is it called Gran Theft AUTO since you spent most of the time walking and shooting instead of driving? It should be a game about cars, right? But no, this game is 80  gunfights. And bad ones, for that matter. Dont ever think youll make your life easier by enabling the autoaim option because youll shoot more walls than enemies. The character is slow, all movements are sluggish, you cant perform two consecutive actions quickly. Oh, and it takes half a magazine to kill an enemy, even with the most powerful assault rifle. And after getting shot twice in the head, they fall down, you think theyre dead and... miracle! they get up and shoot you back!The driving part is as much as a pain. All cars seem to have an outdated automatic gearbox. With no decent acceleration on a sport car, you cant drift through the turns. And to add insult to injury, the cars cant steer or brake without sledding indefinitely. EVEN THE CAR CHASES ARE SCRIPTED, just like in L.A. Noire! Wheres the fun? Theres no point in shooting through the window since you just have to follow and wait for a scripted event so you can catch the fleeing car.Its supposed to be more realistic with higher resistance from objects in the streets. Now you can be stopped by a mailbox, a sidewalk flips your car over and you will be stuck or spinning for no reason all the time. ITS AN ARCADE GAME for Hecks sake, let me have fun and mess around!Hanging out with friends and dating girls is just a waste of time. You are about to start a mission and BAM! someone calls you to hang out. If you decline, you lose respect. If you accept, you gotta drive 100 miles in the other direction, arrive late and lose respect anyway. The activities are fun once or twice, then theyre repetitive. Though, I loved the standup comedians with different shows!Yet, this is the most interesting main character in the GTA franchise so far, the story is great and you really want to know whats gonna happen next. All side characters are great too and treated with a constant sense of humor. Theres a fantastic attention paid to details, from the TV shows to the incredibly numerous websites. Cops throw soda cans out of their car window, pedestrians lose their umbrella when they are run over, others answers the phone, ... Obviously the map is huge and its a pleasure to the eyes to discover the different disctricts of Liberty City. Too bad you have to PLAY the missions...Oh, and by the way the game stutters constantly when I launch it through Steam but everythings fine when I start it directly with the .exe file. A failure on every level.