Ah, Grand Theft Auto 4... well, the PC version, anyway. I say that because, while the game is the same on every platform, the PC version is horribly optimized. Weird how both GTA4 and Saints Row 2 both have bad PC ports I can vouch that it wont matter how much money you sink into your computer, you wont get stable performance. It seriously wont matter what Windows OS you have, or how many gigs of RAM, how many cores your CPU has or the clock speed, or how expensive your GPU is. You get in a car, your framerate WILL be halved. GTA4 runs likedespite being made for a console that runs a modified Windows kernel, and its been plagued with issues since its released, with countless issues still unresolved even with a fan fix. Then theres SecuROM, though I cant attest to its presence as only Steam bothers me about the CD key. Back then, it used to be the bane of internet consumers everywhere. Now... eh, I find Origin more irritating. But wait, theres worse! Theres GFWL! Yes, despite Rockstar still being in business and developing content for GTA5 and developing Red Dead Redemption 2, they cant be bothered to remove it like Nordic did for Red Faction Guerrilla. Oh, yeah, and you cant save without making a GFWL account. Yeah, you can make an offline account, but its still weird.Still, despite the myriad of issues, GTA4 is still a great game. The story is youre a Slavic illegal immigrant named Niko Bellic whos arrived in Liberty City aka New York for two reasons. To leave his past behind and to close a bad chapter of his life through killing a man who sold out your friends in the Yugoslav wars. The one who meets you as you get off the boat is your cousin, Roman, who owns a Taxi company and is high on the American dream. The mood is very cynical, and the world is full of s who wont think twice to exploit you or kick theout of you. However, theres quite a few laughs to be had even in the face of such gery, and the level of detail is truly breathtaking. Though the cynicism can be pretty sickening at times... The mods are amazing, with almost anything possible try Carmaggedon  Tsunami  Zombie Apocalypse  Iron Man all together, its a work of art, though mods are a bit harder to install than youd be familiar with. Though whether or not OpenIV is accessible remains to be seentldr if you can deal with choppy framerates and some bad programs, I recommend you buy this game. Cant deal with it? Just refund it. Id rate it neutrally if I could, because while its an amazing game, its a god awful port. 