ProsReally good story only reason I managed to go through this messThere is also some great missions except the last one, which is a nightmare mainly for me because of some pathing issueThe characters are also great, really well done even the random encounters.Good gunfightA lot of realist behavior which are really well done car using blinkers, going to shows, to restaurant, conversation, the phone ...Love Niko also, ing love that guy.There is also some decisions to make in the game, which are always a nice addition.ConsEverything else and also the realist behavior because sometimes when you wanna have fun you might not want everything to be realist.Mains con for me, is the driving. In a game where you drive all the time having to go slow all the time, doing car chase at 20 km/h otherwise you cant turn, is pretty lame. Yes yes, the handbrake, well it wont help you except if youre looking to 180 or 360 degrees or maybe you wanna drift 200m and miss your turn. Also one of the worst, never get close to grass, you cant even expect to roll at 5 km/h on this one. But there is one feature to counter this one, taxis which can take you anywhere instantly.Also the AI on the street is absolute nightmare, for once it doesnt move except when youre on foot where it will crash you. On the highway the AI is really slow even worse than in the city. And sometimes switch lanes without blinkers this time and stop for no reason. This make the only road where you can go fast Also they have a toll barrier for the highway so realist love it, okay that was sarcasm.The pathing car and pedestrains is terrible your follower cant follow you, they always block in the walls. Even you when you dont control yourself might get stuck in a wall. And there wont be anything to help you there.I wont even speak for helicopter or planes ? didnt see any the controls are horrible dont know why they choose to make them that way might be easier with a controller though.Also all the game your character complains about money but you gettons of money, and the worst you cant spend it. The only thing you can buy are food, clothers and guns and the taxis. And they are pretty cheap, especially since you unlock the gun only towards 40, otherwise youre stuck with gun, uzi, and shotgun and they are really cheap.So in the end you have a lot of money and cant buy anything, no houses, no investement, no upgrade. Quite a downgrade from San Andreas.There is not much activities other than the missions. You got like 6 secondary quest, taxi, cops, racing, delivery, stealing car.The only thing you will get is money from them which you wont be needing. A least in San Andreas you would get some perks, really useful one.Going back in the realism present in the game, the game isnt really fun, its more gritty, with a dark story, and not much fun shooting and doing some badOf course the best for the end, I wont go long but Game For Windows Live didnt give me too much trouble but you might want to look other reviews mainly gave me trouble for launching the game more than logging, had a crash around 50 the time while launching. Sometimes having to launch 5 times in row. Reducing the window seems to work okay.There is no car customization also if you wanted some. Also even with a good system had trouble running the game, mainly stuttering more than poor optimization. SO youll have some stutter from time to time, and by night you should get half fps also because of the shadows.Edit Some random more thing, walking is annoying because he cant turn and you have to go always in circle, so around edges you fall all the time. There is random bug making some missions bug out and having to redo them 5 times. like 45 missions, not so many. Sometimes you will hang up even at the start of the call on someone for entering cars, running, jumping which is really annoying especially if like me youre doing it only for the story and you cant even hear it.San Andreas had just so much more, cant believe they striped so much away. 