In my opinion, one of the best Grand Theft Autos made.StoryTo be honest, storywise, this is by far my favorite Grand Theft Auto. The characters, the atmosphere, and the backstory all blend together to make a great story. I like the story a lot more than GTA V, because I feel like theres more substance to the game. Niko Bellic is not a bad person on the inside. Hes a tortured soul thats been through a lot, and the only reason he does what he does is to stay alive so he can make it out of the pits that he was forced into. in GTA V, its really just another heist story that doesnt exactly have a deep plot. Also, Im a sucker for mafia stories, and no GTA has done the whole mob story scheme better than GTA IV.Gameplay/PhysicsGameplaywise, this is also probably my favorite out of all the Grand Theft Autos, primarily because it seems the most realistic out of all the games. The only thing that I could see people complaining about is the way that cars handle in this game, but honestly after a while its really fun once you get the hang of it This is coming from a guy who loves drift racing games. If you hate drifting, youre gonna hate the driving in this game The car physics are amazing. The crumple points are super realistic compared to GTA V. Even the sound effects when you hit another car is super realistic. Ive been in a car accident before, and Ive seen them happen, I know the sound. The combat is also fantastic. This is the only GTA where the combat feels almost real. The AI is a lot smarter than in GTA V. When you shoot an enemy, they dont just flinch, they look like they actually got hit. Theyll drop, theyll stagger backwards, theyll fall over, theyll put their hand where they just got shot. Much of the time enemies will limp away if you get them to the lowest health. In GTA V it seems a lot more like any other third person shooter, where they just flinch for a second and get up and start shooting again.Multiplayer and arguably the driving is the only thing I can say GTA V did better, but if it had the physics and gameplay of GTA IV, you would instantly have the best GTA possible. The main problem with the GTA IV Multiplayer is that it just feels kinda pointless, you dont really work towards anything.The only con that I can give this game for the PC is the fact that you need Windows Live to play it. I have never liked Windows Live, and I find it stupid that Im forced to use it. However, that cant stop me from giving this game a positive review, because this really is one of my favorite games ever created.9.5/10