Grand Theft Auto IV is going to be a 10 year old game this year. So far since GTA IV weve had the Episodes From Liberty City expansion and also GTA V. Is GTA IV still relevant? well actually quite recently for the past 2 years people have been comparing GTA IV and V and theres still a lot of people who think GTA IV is still the best. What do I think? well lets see.In this game you play as Niko Bellic, a Serbian war veteran who travels to Liberty City for 2 reasons. To see his cousin Roman who has been tting that hes living the American dream and also to find 2 possible traitors from the war. Florian Cravic and Darko Brevic. When Niko arrives, he finds out Roman is in debt to some Albanians and Russians, Niko helps Roman by killing the Russian named Vlad. Shortly after, Dimitri Rascalov and Mikhail Faustin hire Niko to do work for them, however after Mikhail orders Niko to kill the son of Kenny Petrovic, Niko kills Mikhail. Niko later finds out that an old enemy, Ray Bulgarin is living in Liberty City and is hunting Niko for the money he believes he owes him. After their apartment burns down, Niko and Roman flee to Bohan where Romans girlfriend Mallorie introduces Niko to people such as Elizabeta Torres,  McCreary, Manny, Playboy X and Dwayne. While Niko does work for all of these people, his girlfriend Michelle turns out to be an agent for the IAA. Niko makes an agreement with the mysterious IAA man saying he will work for them as long as they find Florian Cravic and Darko Brevic. While working for  however, Niko comes across Ray Boccino and the Italian mafia. Through Ray, Niko finds Florian Cravic and finds out he has changed to someone called Bernie Crane. Eventually Niko finds Darko and in the game you are given a choice to either kill him or walk away. Eventually, Roman announces he is getting married to Mallorie and at his wedding, he dies or s sister, Kate dies. This all depends on a choice you make in game. Kill Dimitri Rascalov for betraying you in the beginning of the game or work with him and his hitman kills Roman. In the end though both Jimmy Pegorino and Dimitri Rascalov die. Niko then leaves the life of killing and focuses on either working with Roman or with his friends. The story sounds complicated but is a lot easier when explained with the EFLC storylines. The game, compared to GTA V is much darker and very depressing at times.But who plays GTA for the story, right? just me? yeah its probably just me. However the gameplay is also very important. This time, Rockstar Games decided that it had to take a very realistic approach and we got Liberty City, a huge city with a ton of things to do. Go bowling, play darts, eat at a restaurant, play pool snooker and so on. The city is full of interiors to go into and its probably more expansive than GTA Vs map. I only say that because while GTA V has the bigger map, its mostly just desert and terrain... also the city has nothing in it. Meanwhile Liberty City is smaller but has a lot inside it. You can hang out with friends who actually call you unlike in GTA V. You can hang out with Roman, Little Jacob, , Dwayne, Brucie and other people you meet throughout the campaign. Mods only expand this as you can install the LCPDFR mod which allows you to turn the tables and play as the police in Liberty City or be a firefighter. The driving however is the most controversial thing in GTA IV. People say its the worst driving in a game ever, some say its good and some say its super realistic and amazing. While it is more realistic than GTA Vs arcade driving, its not exactly fun when youre in a high speed car chase... and these happen a lot. Especially bikes. Bikes in GTA IV are absolute Cars? theyre okay. Helicopters? yeah theyre alright. Boats? fine. But  bikes. Id take GTA Vs handling over GTA IVs. However the damage effects and the suspension of the cars, the way they move in general is much better. Basically, if you go on GTA V and install the IV handling mod, there you go. Thats what the handling shouldve been. The game definitely feels more realistic, in GTA V everything is over the top, but in this you feel like you could be there maybe its because I live in England and it looks  like Liberty City also in some missions there are sometimes choices. You can kill 1 person or another, or not kill anyone. It does affect the game so you should choose wisely, for example a choice is when Vlad sends you to kill someone called Ivan. If you do, thats it. Hes dead. If you dont, he lives and you meet him later and help him, you also get some money. A better example is either Playboy X or Dwayne. Killing Playboy means you get a new apartment and Dwayne hangs out with you but killing Dwayne means you get a lot of money.The visuals are obviously dated but theyre not too bad honestly. Its nothing spectacular but I can appreciate the graphics since they really do fit with the games feeling and setting. Personally I dont like graphics mods in GTA IV since they look really saturated and happy. The textures could definitely use an upgrade, which thanks to mods, they are. I would really like to see a Liberty City map in gmod though it looks like it would be perfect for a gmod server.The music... well lets just say the Soviet Connection theme is on like all of my cars in GTA Online D also why the  is there a song thats used in thevideo?There is 1 huge problem with this game though. The PC port is awful. I have a 1080ti, 32gb and an i7 6700 and this game cant even get over 80fps. It drops to 3040fps at times which is bloody awful. When I used my 1060 it used to be ing 4050fps. I really hope Rockstar release a patch for it which will finally fix the game. Because GTA IV is one of my favourite games of all time and to me its the best GTA game yet. When you play GTA IV the complete edition you get this 1 big story which is amazing and the city is great, activities are the best, the characters are some of the best ever and you actually give aabout your friends in this game. When I first played this game and I let Roman die I felt ing awful, the fatty who wanted to go bowling with me was dead.Anyways, I really do recommend this game. But err... either get an amazing PC or get it on consoles. I cant recommend it if you have a low end PC because it runs like absolute But other than that, its one of the best games Ive ever played. Im not surprised at all that it holds up against GTA V