First and foremostThis is a completely crap port. Seriously. If you get it, chances are youll have to do some fiddling with it. Check the discussions about this game for help/information. Caveat emptor.As far as the game itself once its properly workingIf youve played previous GTA games I cant speak to V yet...be prepared for a bit of a culture shock. This entry is far more story driven, at least to me, than the previous games. With a possible exception to San Andreas, which I think is the best of the bunch. It did leave out some of the more RPGish elements of SA CJs ability to work out, get fat, pimp, etc, but you have more interaction overall with the supporting cast through the use of a cell phone.Now that said. The driving in this game is a world apart from the previous games, for better or worse. I think its a pain in the personally. Where the other games have a more arcadey feel, this one is more realistic. Ever notice in GTA games that if  you drove like that in the real world, youd wipe out, destroy some trash cans, lose a car door, or end up with blood on your hood from roadkilling a pedestrian? Yeah, that happens here.Theres also a ton of mini games ranging from playing darts to getting blackout drunk. You know, for realism. You may enjoy these, you may not particularly since they play a role in your ingame relationships. YMMV.The story itself is classic crime noir, with less of an over the top feel that the other games have had. Youre not going to be helping an old paranoid weedaddled hippie burn the ganja fields.You will, however, help a yardie waste some drug dealers after he hotboxes you. No, but really.You really do come to care about the supporting cast as well, something I found lacking in the previous games. Did I care about Lance Vance? Hell no. Was I emotionally crushed by Big Smoke and Ryder? Not so much.This game does have a lot of personality though, despite its shortcomings. Can I recommend it as a GTA game? Ehhh. 5/10. As a game overall, I give it a strong 8/10.Tldr Grand Traffic Adventure IV is more about people than pedestrian kills.Edit Figuring in the sheer amount of problems with the port, 5.5/10. Right between love and hate. Sort of like your relationship in game with Roman.