Honestly one of the best games I have ever played. Compared to V, I think there are some things that IV does better, euphoria physics, vehicle handling, story, realism in general Its nice if thats the kind of thing youre looking for. V improved in certain areas, and included a lot of things that IV was lacking. I dont think either is better than the other, but I personally prefer IV.The game runs OK,specsIntel Core i53570 3.40GHz8gb RAMAMD HD 7950 OCI did some tweaking and I feel like it runs best at these settings1680x1050 60 Hz NativeTexture Quality HighReflection Resolution Very HighWater Quality Very HighShadow Quality HighNight Shadows OffTexture Filter Anisotropic x8View Distance 25Detail Distance 40Vehicle Density 100Definition OffVSync OffFraps Benchmark 5 minutes, 21682 framesMin 47, Max 102, Avg 73.23Everything is vanilla except for the Visual IV Mod. If you dont have it, you might as well install it. It makes the game look a lot better and apparently includes a fixed rendering code to make playing smoother.I run EFLC on the same settings and results were pretty much identical. Everyone is aware that GTA IV is aport, but I think Ive managed to get a somewhat consistent framerate. It still drops to 30 for a few seconds, occasionally. This happens no matter what I do. Its still completely playable and doesnt annoy me at all, but its something I noticed Its still miles ahead of the console version. If anyone is able to get a constant 60 in this game, let me know what you are doing.R Social club isnt a big deal. GFWL is useless and I dont like it, but it hasnt caused me any trouble so far. Over all, my experience with this game has been really good. The only thing that would make it better is if multiplayer wasnt dead, wouldve made a nice modfriendly alternative to GTA Online.EditI felt inclined to update this review after finding out a little more about the graphics settings for this game. GTA IV is not necessarily meant to be maxed out on current hardware, the intention of the developers was that the higher graphical settings would be for future use, and when GTA IV was released on PC back in 2008 there was a disclaimer of some sort that advised players to use medium settings. Im just learning this now and I had purchased GTA IV in 2012. People are criticizing the game for being a terrible port and having framerate issues because they believe they should be able to max out a 7 year old game. In most cases they would not be wrong in assuming that, but gta iv does have higher minimum requirements than pretty much any other game. Now, with current patches, as long as you have this game configured correctly it will run beautifully.AUTO CONFIGURE IS YOUR FRIEND.Use it when you are tweaking your graphics. If you have a decent rig, most of the settings will be automatically set to high/very high, except for VD, DD, and Vehicle Density. If you want to push it further, I would increase the vehicle density, which has the lowest impact on framerate, and you will be all right leaving everything else alone. Hope this helps anyone thats having trouble running this game.