WHEN THE WAR CAME, I DID BAD THINGS, BUT AFTER THE WAR I THOUGHT NOTHING OF DOING BAD THINGS. I KILLED PEOPLE, SMUGGLED PEOPLE, SOLD PEOPLE.Everybody was looking forward to 3rd December 2008. The release day of PC version of Grand Theft Auto IV. 2 years later, I found out that some GTA IV exists, when I saw Move Up Ladies trailer. Back in 2010 I used to run on Windows XP Service Pack 1. I had to upgrade. SP3 was needed. I never upgraded, and when I did month before to W7 I ruined that. I cant exactly remember how it all went down, but all I remember is, that mother cooked me soup, and while the computer was installing Service Pack 3, I was inpatiently waiting in the kitchen eating that bomb soup. Full of excitement I came to my room and that glorious legendary Windows XP background was shining at me and I immidiately started screaming OH YES OH YES OH YEEEEEEES.After that, there was absolute silence in my room for a week. Why? Because I was playing Grand Theft Auto IV.Now, we all know that its legendary and before GTA V it was totem to most of the gamers who managed to run it. That optimalization was and is problem to lot of gamers, but it all was a price of the revolution. Maybe, I didnt say it correctly, because revolution is change of something and after that it follows. But no game was able to follow GTA IV.Physics was totally heaven. It was like from another planet. Just imagine, 9 freaking years ago, game like GTA IV was out. That game didnt even had competition. Still Im not sure if theres game close to that physics that we were introduced to back in 2008. Yeah I know GTA V bla bla bla bla. Sound, graphics, story, visuals, city, just every everything was new level.Storytelling and dialogues are gripping as hell. Its really deep and intense, with absolute dedication to detail. Liberty City is dark and so is story. Liberty City is beautiful, sad, sombrely. New York in your hands. Everybody has to play it at least once, so I believe theres no need of going into the story, and if so, Ill just tell you to play it because you wont regret it.Recent update helped a game a bit, but modders used to downgrade. Mods extend the gaming experience. Game will last you easily around 30 hours. Its highly replayable. I cant even count how many times Ive finished that. Easily over 10 times. Multiplayer was and is just a bonus addition. Nothing big, nothing real. GFWL sucks, everybody agrees with that.Game expansions have been already reviewed so you can check it in my profile. If I forget about anything, let me know please. To sum it up  legendary game that everybody must finish with amazing story and storytelling, awesome visual and physics and great overal gaming experience.