Hmmm, this is a game everybody loves, right?I absolutely recognize the greatness of this game, and I understand why so many love it. But it is not a game for me. I also did not finish it. I just did not have the time and strength to do so. So, Im probably missing a lot. But I did spend a fair time with it, and I think I got the core gameplay enough to give it a review. This is supposed to be the king of open world games, and I can see that. But personally, there are other open world games I enjoy more, like sleeping dogs for example.What is great?Graphics, presentation, story, voice acting, so many possibilities and activities. Music and radio is great and funny. Vehicles handles well. The city is immense and beautiful. The city feels alive. The level of detail. Every part of the game is well made. The atmosphere is well presented. The game plays well with a mouse and keyboard, even though I think it is made for a controller.What is not so great?Well, There is nothing really wrong with the game per se, I just did not like it, and I found it frustrating. You need quite a good PC to really appreciate what the game can offer you, or the game will feel sluggish.I personally had enough of the crudeness of the game. I am not against violent games, I just had enough of it in the end, and did not find it that great to just destroy everything. I thought the characters too horrible to deal with. I do recognize that the story is written like that, with a lot of satire and sarcasm, and it does it really well. I just dont care for it. And after playing for a while, it just left me with a bad taste. I dont think these games are bad for anyone, or that they promote violence. I just dont enjoy this stuff, and I found it repetitive. It was particularly frustrating to try a mission over and over if I found it difficult because going back to that mission ment you had to start over somewhere else, and then drive there. It just became tedious.Again, most people really like this, and the game is clearly a masterpiece, but not something that suits me. If you like chaos, playing with a big playground, doing things that you are not allowed in real life, this might give you a good outlet, with quite a few laughs as well.Still, I prefer just cause 2. I do think that GTA IV accomplishes more, and the games are quite different, but the style and humour fits me better in that game, if we are talking about open world chaos games. Just Cause 2 runs better, feels less frustrating, and feels less complicated.Cheers!