This is a medium kinda game. Sure the gun gameplay and open world is nice. The story is nice. Soundtrack is nice as well. But it has some major problems in this game well at least the vanilla version. This game has a lot of attention and became super overrated being a GTA game and a Rockstar game but this is the worst GTA game. Major malfunctions in this game is 1. This game is super serious nothing hilarious or big going on. Remember in San Andreas with burning down the pot village or flying a jetpack and stuff that was fun and great. Each GTA game has its open world unseriousness in it and was more about having fun except for this game. 2. Driving like what the hell Rockstar every vehicle in this game is just horrible. Like even if you tap the handbrake for some odd reason it drags out and then you just flip your car out of nowhere like theres a little pebble on the road and it just screws everything up. I end up to never drive unless I absoultely have too and just use the taxi. 3. The thousand phone calls. I mean its not just even hey niko lets go bowling its like mission ends sweet next mission oh wait I have to call 20 different people....Sure you can skip it but thats dialouge thats part of the story you dont wanna miss. But the game does have a great storyline and the combat is good as well as models and textures and the map. But the flaws I pointed out just makes the game bad. I dont know why reviewers gave sooo many awards for this game and gave it such a high score when it deserves a 7/10 a low 7 and im only giving it a low 7 because I am a GTA fan and I really do love the story in this game. But the biggest two things that ruined this game is the driving mechanics and how unsmooth the controls are!ProsGood combatgood mapsgood models/texutres and graphicsGood storygood dialoguegood soundtrackgood voice actorsTaxi Cab Service!Choices effect missionsConsWay tooo seriousness for a GTA gameDRIVING MECHANICS/VEHICLE MECHANICS RUINED THIS GAME HORRIBLYGameplay/controls are super unsmooth ruined this game!Overall Worse GTA game in the series I like to stay away from this game but it is a must play for GTA fans. Rockstar could have done better thank god GTA V was amazing. 7/10 and I am being super nice about that 7 since I am a GTA fan!