Though Im familiar with the Grand Theft Auto series and have the CD version of GTO3, Im very disappointed with the version of the game purchased and downloaded through Steam. BUt, its not the game content Im disappointed with. To this day, I have not seen any of it yet. What Im disappointed with is the technical problems created by the distribution. This distribution through STEAM failed on so many levels I cannot believe it was possible. It is far worse than any problems I have ever had installing a game from CD/DVD and there have been a few of those in the past.Purchase of the game was uneventful. Seems there is no technical issues involved in taking my money. Downloading seemed to also be without issues so I cant blame Steam. They seem to have done their part.The problem come in when launching the game in my case, for the first time. Upon launch, the game pops up a dialog box indication the product name and CD Key/Product Code and tells you to write it down as youll need it later to register your game. Next, a dialog box pops up giving you the option to Play offline or Play. Evidently, to play online, you need to be logged into Social Club or so it suggests. However, I only want to play offline which, according to the game, does NOT require you have an account and/or be logged in. But when I selected Play offilne, the game still tells you that you are NOT LOGGED INTO SOCIAL CLUB!Even after creating an unnecessary account and selecting Play to log in, the game still does nothing. Dialog boxes disappear and Im left with only the Steam interface. The game refuses to launch.Im no expert and I dont claim to be. BUt what I DO know is when I buy a product, I expect the bugs to be worked out of it and that it will work as advertised. Nothing less. Could I find a solution and fix it? Maybe I can, maybe I cant. I dont know. What I DO know is that it was NOT part of the deal. For me to invest my time to fix their problem tells me they regard my time to be less valuable than their own. They are not paying me to find a solution to their product. They and I mean ROCKSTAR GAMES should have fixed it or made sure it had all the software support it needed before selling it to me.As a result, I will never purchase another product from Rock Star games for as long as I live. 