I think it goes without saying at this point that Rockstar absolutely nailed it with this game. GTA 4 quickly became the milepost by which all other similar sandbox games are measured, fairly or not. It did this because of its incredible attention to detail, fantastic storyboard, entertaining character acting, and gameplay that is good purely because the format is good. It combines the slapstick silly comedy of GTA 2 with the serious vibe of GTA 1, and blows it all up into a beautiful 3D masterpiece. This is a game that continues to be relevant even beyond the release of the arguably superior GTA 5.If you never played this game in the past, or never owned a copy, and youre considering buying it, then do so. It is worth every single last penny, as this is one of the most replayable games of all time. I find myself picking this game up when I just want go ram some traffic with a city bus, or cause citywide chaos with mods, or enjoy hours of belly laughs with the incredible hulk mod, just as much as I do to replay the main story quest and side quests.Sadly you cant enter every building and browse every shop, there isnt an infinite variety of vehicles, and the pedestrians are just very basically scripted to walking around randomly and shouting a small group of phrases. There are limits and boundaries to this game that prevent it from totally devouring your computer but these inevitably break the immersion. A cruel side effect of having such an inviting, realistic city to play in. That will unfortunately always be true of these types of games.At the end of the day, nothing really stands out as bad in this game. No individual thing will floor you with its amazingness either, but instead youll find that it all builds up to be, on average, one of the best games youve ever played. Every time you ram a cop car head on with a truck and send the cop flying out of the windshield, you will have the stupidest grin on your face. Its such a solid game that not even cheating ruins it. Just playing it is distilled fun.Buy it. Buy it now.