Before I give my summary, let me go over a few things.YES  This game has compatibility issues in windows 8 and 10 due to Games for Windows LIVE.YES  This game requires the command prompt in order to use all that your graphics card has to offer.YES  You need a number of accounts to run the game online not a problem for me.NO  This does not mean that this game sucks.  These faults should not degrade a game completely, especially when there are workarounds to these faults.GTA IV tells the story of Niko  a serbian/russian immigrant who meets up with his cousin Roman in the big apple, only to discover that all the glamour his cousin told him  the women with big s, the fancy sports cars, the luxury penthouse, turned out to be a lie.  Niko inevitably ends up having to help his cousin through difficult times, discovering that his cousin has issues, as well as ties with known criminals.  As he continues to help his cousin, he delves deeper into the crime life, all while trying to make life work for him and his cousin.Overall, this game has quite a lot to offer even in its somewhat aging state.  You have various story missions.  And you also have hangouts that you can do with Roman and friends obvious bowling joke here.   Youre also faced with choices throughout the game, which may or may not affect how the story goes longterm.If Im honest, though, there are faults with this game.  I feel that the devs tried too hard to make the driving physics in this game real.  In Liberty City, life is a journy of 3 and 5 point turns.  Braking is squeaky  clunky, made even worse when it rains, but I guess that was expected with driving pieces of utter trash throughout Liberty City.  In fact, the only time you feel like youre actually moving with speed is when you get ahold of a sports car.  As for biking...  well, thats a totally different story thats just as bad.Another fault with the game is that it isnt graphically impressive anymore.  Stacked up against GTA V, this game seems to have followed a trend in 2008 where almost every game was 50 shades of brown, occasionally broken with a blue filter.  Overall, its just not gonna woo people over anymore..My verdict  This game has its problems, and its gonna take some getting used to, but in the end, its worth getting the game up and running for the story it tells.  Its Rockstar doing what it does best.