Great story, good characters, superb graphs, simply a top game but....just like GTAIII, GTA Vice City and GTA San Andreas, there is some work to do to get this game running on PC. Time is not standing still, you know and Rockstar and Steam are not helping a lot. This is how i got the game running on windows 10 based on forum readings and own experiments.First of all thanks to anyone for posts and helping each other out on this one.1. Download software2. Start the game, click on desktop icon3. Steam will install necessary files like Direct X  Windows LIVE  Securom protection4. You will be asked to login to Rockstars Social Club, ignore this and exit / return to desktop5. Go to your steam game folder and rename the file paul.dll to paul.old, this way you willbe never prompted again to login to Rockstars Social Club. You also can delete this paul.dll filebut one never knows if a decent update appears and paul.dll is necessary again.6. As told in point 3, steam installed Windows LIVE but this is not supported anymore by Microsoftand you will need to have it installed to start the game. Install Games for windows Marketplace, see link7. Start the GTAIV again by clicking on the desktop icon.8. You will be asked to make an account on Windows Marketplace mail and password required, do so as it is needed to save the game and store achievements.9. You are also asked to submit the serial key number which is provided by steam.10. And to have a gamertag on Xbox live. If not create one mail and password required via starting the app Xbox in windows 10 after exiting the game. i guess this app is also available in win 7 / 8. If not, here to find11. And there you go with the game.....for the lucky ones.12. If you have a graphic card with more then 2GB memory, as I do, youre ingame graphic options are all set to minimum and can not be changed.13. Rightclick on GTA 4 under the Steam Library and select properties.14. Under the general tab, click the set launch options button.15. Enter the launch options you wish to apply be sure to separate each code with a space and click OK. For GTA 4 it is       nomemrestrict norestrictions16. Close the games Properties window and launch the game.17. Now, you can set your graphic options to its max.Auch, it starts with a SM scene, anyway, less painfull then getting the game installed.The last mission helicopter is painfull as well, it has a glitch.There is a workaround on the internet use FRAPS  record settubg  30 fps but hell, Rockstar where are you ? ? 