GTA 4 IS BETTER THAT GTA 5!!!!! IM HERE TO SPREAD THE WORD!!!! HEAR ME OUT PLEASE!!! !I know what your all thinking about oh this guy is crazy... believe me I have an unimaginable amount of hours on GTA 5 and GTA 4 on my xbox 360I preordered GTA 5 and everything for xbox 360. Played it for about 56 months straight before i started realizing all of the various flaws GTA 5 has. But GTA 5 is a mess of a game. IM HERE TO SHED THE LIGHT ON THE PC COMMUNITY WHO IS BEGGING TO GET GTA 5. LETS GET ON WITH THE REVIEW FOR GTA 4 COMPARED TO......GTA 5 THE BIGGEST LET DOWN EVER!!!!! !GTA 4 Much better storyline than GTA 5. It was filled with more interesting, and deep plots that were very engaging. You had various alliances, conflict and dealings with all kinds of organized crime groups, Mafia and gangs. In GTA 4, the storyline involved choosing sides, doublecrossing, striking up partnerships and epic showdowns. A huge chunk of GTA 5s storyline just revolved around corrupt cops and federal agents that just used you to do their dirty work, got boring after a while. Much more main storyline missions than GTA 5. Although some of GTA 4 main missions were sometimes repetitive. the very good storyline still kept you entertained. Compared to GTA 4,GTA 5 was very short. GTA 4 missions 104. GTA 5 69GTA 5 is vey pathetic when it comes to story length and story in general. GTA 5 HAS MICROTRANSACTIONS.....  let that sink in..... GTA 4 actually more interiors to enter than GTA 5, which was quite shocking. In GTA 4 you could enter fast food restaurants, cafes, nightclubs, bars, hotels, office buildings, hospitals, museums, apartments  the crazy thing is that you could do none of this in GTA 5. Once again, the environment in GTA IV provided more interaction and immersion than GTA 5. GTA 5 has almost no interiors. In GTA 4, the gang members carried a better variety of firearms. They had pistols, Uzis and shotguns, the Russian Mob guys even had AKs. In GTA 5, gang members just carry pistols only, and I really dont why that is. Its a small but important detail. In GTA 5 almost all guns in there own category like different assult rifles or shotguns feel the same with extremely minor differences. And on top of that. The player can hold different types of the same category of guns like 5 different assult rifles and 3 different shotguns. That might appear as a good thing at first but like everything in GTA 5,starting out with good intentions but slowly becoming major problems  this is terrible.Not only does it take away individuality of the game but it also make everything not unique about the players setup.Imagine in Call of Duty or Battlefield or any other shooter where you can just take out in a split second, assuming you chose an assult rifle class any type of an assult rifle or assuming you are a sniper take out any sniper rifle whenever you feel like it. This destroys all individuality, destroys gameplay, and destoys unique classes for stratigical gameplay. GTA 4 had a better variety of side missions and activities. Although some of them were not infinite, they were much better than what GTA 5 offered for most part. In GTA 4 you could call up Dwaynes gang members for back up, to be your bodyguard or to follow you around and help you out in missions, you could deliver drug packages and do drug deals for Little Jacob, you could steal cars for Brucie and Steve for money and do Police Database vigilante missions. In Ballad of Gay Tony, you could do Drug Wars, Nightclub management and cagefighting for money. The physics engine for GTA 4 was really well done. I loved it. The physics engine in GTA 5..... Its terrible. Cars explode if landing to hard. I smashed into an SUV at full speed with my sedan. Not even a scratch. The feel of bikes are gone. They handle pretty much the same. Oh and the cars. I know quite a lot on cars. I know how different cars feel and handle. In GTA 4 all the cars handled differently and like they were supposed to. I was amazed. GTA 5 however.... I am not exaggerating right now.... but every single car feels exactly the same except for the speed. Some are faster than others. Thats it. Each handles relatively the same, brakes relatively the same, etc...GTA 4 Multipayer was all about having fun. Either Roleplaying or Gunfights. It didnt matter how much money you had. This was a simpler time of just having fun with your friends. Sure you couldnt customize your cars or buy apartments but sommetimes less is more. You didnt need apartments or stocks. okay except for customizing and owning cars. If GTA 4 had that it would be perfect GTA 5 Howerver is all about making money. Maybe a little playing with your friends but only for getting money and RP. RP is experince points and boy did they mess up on this. Rank 100 to use an RPG. It took me 7 months to get me that far. oh and you have to buy weapons and ammo as well and it can be costly. oh you want a machine gun... Rank 75. oh you want to customize your car? Not only is it soo expensive but to get all the upgrades you need to be rank 100. In GTA 4 the only penalty for getting busted or killed by the cops in multiplayer.... nothing. In GTA 5 Your car that you were using if it was yours gets inpounded and if you dont rescue it in time, it gets destroyed. And if it was not insured..... sucks to be you. Oh and making money in GTA 5... Boring and takes a long time. Everytime something is actually profitable either a race or a job.... Rockstar nerfs it so that it get 100x harder and time consuming. First it was racing. Everyone was doing it. It was awesome. I really enjoyed myself and made money in the process. Then Rockstar comes along and nerfs it. Now barely any money is won off races. Thanks Rockstar. Then people start resorting to online missions. Everytime the community finds a decent mission to do over and over to make at least a decent amount of money. Rockstar ruins it and nerfs it. And Rockstar wonders why people resort to hacking or glitching there money. But if someone glitches or hacks there money, next update Rockstar takes it all away. Its miserable and I dont want more people to suffer. DONT GET GTA 5!!!! STICK WITH GTA 4!!!!. BE HAPPY WITH WHAT YOU GOT!!!!!! SPREAD THE WORD PEOPLE!!! ! 