I enjoyed this game a lot on the PS3, and decided to grab it in a bundle when I decided to buy the Episodes From Liberty City expansions. This was a good game on console, and its still a good game on PC. Many people like to say this game is one of the worst ports of all time, and I dont think thats true. Can you 100 max out this game at any resolution and get 60fps locked? No  you cannot do that. But by lowering a few settings you can get that 60fps very easily. I am also using Nvidias DSR to play this game at 4K, which I highly suggest you do that because its easy to run at 4K and it helps pump up the GPU usage.My system specsOS Windows 10GPU GTX 1060 3GBCPU Ryzen 7 1700X  3.7GhzRAM 8GBI have GTA IV running on an SSD.I dont use mods and have done nothing to tweak the game to make it run better or make it work on Windows 10. It works fine on Windows 10 in my expirience. Just follow the instructions on the Steam page and youre ready to go. GFWL does not mess this game up like it did Fallout 3. The only time this game stutters is if I remove VSYNC, or, I let the game use the full refresh rate of my monitor 144hz. The game clearly favors 60fps as the max  and honestly thats okay with me. Its not a competitive game  so the highest framerates dont mean to much to me on this one.Enough with the tech stuff, and more about the actual game. Graphically I think it holds up pretty well, and the gameplay is still pretty good. While its not as good as GTA V in that regard, it still is very solid. When it comes to the story  its probably my favorite in the entire series  and easily brings GTA Vs lackluster story to shame. I think it gets way too much flak for being too serious or depressing. I have always thought it was a good step up for the GTA series, and its a shame that they reversed that in GTA V which was basically Rockstar parodying themselves to be honest.I highly recommend this game to anyone that likes GTA or crime games in general. It has a great cast of characters, a well written story, and one of the best designed cities in any game. GTA IV is a masterpiece in my opinion  and I hope that GTA VI follows its example more than GTA Vs. 