Lets rewind the date back to March of this year. GTA IV was on sale for 5 bucks and I was curious, as I had only seen it when my friend showed me the game at his house. I nagged my father to allow me to use the funds, and he relented at about 1000 that Friday night. I bought it and downloaded it overnight I had a laptop at the time, so it took quite a while.The next morning, I loaded it up for the first time. Immediately as soon as the ship cutscene started, I got graphical glitches and lag, although I attribute that to the laptop, not the game. Besides those technicalities, the game appeared absolutely gorgeous. The graphics despite me setting every option on low, and despite the glitches looked stunning to me, as I had never played anything as close to graphical perfection at that point in my gaming career. The dialogue also seemed to be my type of style  clear, sarasctic, and on occasion, angry. And this is just from the opening cut scene!After the cutscene, I gazed upon Liberty City for the first time. Good Lord. For someone whos closest openworld atmosphere was frigging Delfino Plaza in Super Mario Sunshine, this was like an entirely new path suddenly appeared through the darkened forest of 3rdparty Nintendo games. No longer would basic linear gameplay amuse me as much as the expansive and neverending environment of GTA IV.After staring at what little of the City I could see with Roman probably anxiously awaiting me to actually drive to his apartment, now Ill talk about the missions. Honestly, I havent done many of them in my 42 hours of gameplay  only up to the drug dealer house raid however, the missions do explain aspects of gameplay in a wellscripted manner, and are exceptionally fun. Why havent I played more of the main story, you probably wont ask but Ill still say the answer anyways? Two words Free Roam.The ability to do close to whatever I wanted in a gargantuan city with no setbacks well, the cops maybe, but I just turn them off when I create a game for myself? It was heaven for me. Most likely over two thirds of my hours in the game are from free roam alone  single player free roam nonetheless. I just found so much to do. Pretend to rob a Burger Shot armed with only grenades before blowing the place to Kingdom Come? Check. Launch off the ramps at the airport then dive out of the car and hope not to die? Check. Jump out of a helicopter and attempt to crush a pedestrian from 500 feet up? Check. The possibilites are endless, at least to me. I could go on and on about my Liberty City exploits, but Ill just leave it there.Of course I have a few minor qualms about the game. Fire kills you way too easily Stop drop and roll, good lord Niko..., the cops can be absolutely relentless on 3 stars and above, and sometimes the physics just...go away coughSwingsetGlitchcoughDontHurtMeIEnjoyTheGlitchToocough.However, despite these few setbacks, I absolutely love this game. Overall, 9.5 out of 10. While waiting for GTA V to come out for PC if it ever does..., buy GTA IV. Even if it isnt on sale, it is definitely worth the price. As I sit here at 1007 at night, finishing this review while listening to UFOs phenomenal album Phenomenon See what I did there? Oh who am I kidding, you probably did. Ignore me..., I can safely say GTA IV is one of my Top 5 favorite games of all time, putting it amongst the other greats on my Top 5 Games list HalfLife 2, Luigis Mansion, Pokemon Fire Red, and Team Fortress 2.Stay frosty.Silent Scream 