A great game, ruined by sluggish counterparts.If you intend to get this game and do not have a steam account, be ready to make 3 profiles just to play this. You have to have a Steam account, of course I have no problem with it but after that you have to make a Rockstar Games Social Club account AND a Games for Windows live account.Honestly, these would not be issues if they were more of a Do it once and be done deal. The issues caused by these counterparts destroy the game. In case you have not heard, GFWL games for windows live is easily the worst computer gaming platform out there. After publishing a game, there is little done towards support. If it does not work on your computer, there is only a slight chance that you can force it to work by following what the community says and edit your registry, run the game in a safe mode or complain in vain about how Microsoft and Rockstar have left, give up and just get Saints Row. If you can get the game and the counterparts to run, the multiplayer still is not fun due to the large ammount of modding that is done, making the effort to get GFWL and Social Club working properly feel like a whaste of time.BUT let none of this phase you from the actual gameplay, as it is phenominal. The engines great quallity and the ability to just roam around to your own desire is a simple, yet entertaining feature. Interacting with the NPCs and enviroments brings even more joy. The cars handle greatly and even when you mess up and crash, because the physics engine and sound reward you with a spectacular display of twisted, dented metal and shattered glass, right where you would expect it to be. Every mission expands the excellent stroy, and the gameplay in them variates and brings new challenges that you can respond to as you please. I really cannot find anything wrong with the gameplay itself, it all seems to be there. 10/10So just be carefull, this game is a GREAT game and more than worth it for the small price, but just be sure you have a decent computer, or you will feel like the game is trying to avoid you, and what I mean by that is that the Game will have graphical errors, problems that cause you to delete saves and simply will refuse to start on many occasions. It all seems to be because of the underdeveloped platform known as Games for Windows Live, which Microsoft has pretty much abandoned for its new appmarket system it hard wires into Windows 8. So if you are willing to take the gamble, and it usually works, so dont be too phased, you will either be rewarded, or disgusted. 