My Rating 8/10So where do I start? Well... This game doesnt have the latest graphics but I dont care. I just care about how colorful it is and the effort in voice acting as well as physics. First off, this game has boring colors but I think the voice acting plus physics were pretty good. Hell, the ragdoll physics were better in this game than Gta v. Its just the story can get kinda lackluster and the map looks plain and kind of boring. But it is detailed in some parts and there is a lot to do also. So basicly Sorry if I misspelled that you migrate from Europe to NYC or Liberty City. Your cousin Roman sent you loads of emails about bigteties and vacuum like sukin. Also he emails you that he is a millionare and lives the American dream. Turns out he has a viarety of loansharks on hisand he is poor. You help him and stuff. I havent completed the story so the lackluster part may vary. Despite Windows Live you should buy this game. There are some bugs and stuff and Ive heard of some Windows 10 thing about how it crashes but there should be some fix. Anyways I had some fun with this game and multiplayer is kinda dead but I dont really care about that.The pros of GTA IV The newest and uptodate representation of Liberty City in this GTA title feels more like a living, breathing world due to the fact that youve got your NPCs conversing with one another and doing simple tasks like cleaning store windows despite its boring colors. The graphics for this multiplatform title look great for its time 2008. There are some nice little additions like being able to watch television and laugh at your depressing, narcassistic and cynical protagonist stumble drunkenly out of the local bar. Being able to store and bring up cheats on your phone.The cons of GTA IV While the graphics look great for its time, it doesnt help that theres this annoying blurlike mask covering the screen most prominent on those sunny days. Especially in an age where games running on HDTVs are supposed to look crystalclear. Thankfully, we didnt have this problem in Red Dead Redemption. There is a certain lack of fun gameplay to be found in GTA IV and thats probably because the developers at Rockstar decided to tackle a more realistic gameplay experience because its realistic for the FBI to tackle a oneman army instead of the military, right? Then again, dark, gritty, and realistic seems to be the trend for videogames in this generation. Apparently, you have to PAY to get all of the fun stuff the developers omitted from GTA IV and put into the episodic DLC content. Great job making me feel like a sucker, Rockstar... No real reward after you complete the story. Lazlow isnt funny and the jokes are just terrible..