First off I would like say that the PC I use to play games on is not really built for games, but it can run GTA IV on low settings. Id to point out something that, although most of you would have heard of, some people may have not. Recently, TakeTwo Interactive Pretty much the owner of Rockstar North etc sent a Cease and Desist order to the group responsible for OpenIV, a modding tool used for GTA IV and V allowing people to put items, weapons, vehicles, skins, animals and a lot more in to the game which wasnt there to begin with. This means the videos you watched by InsaneGaz and Taltigolt where they test the Batmobile and Batsuit or the DeLorean Time Machine in the game can no longer be downloaded legally. I think. Im not really sure. This has made a lot of people upset at TakeTwo but Rockstar especially, which is a shame because I am certain that Rockstar enforces mods in SinglePlayer. TakeTwo should have thought about their decision on modding and instead think of an agreement that everyone could agree on instead of dropping the bomb so to speak. Moving on...I first played Grand Theft Auto IV many years ago on my PS3 and I loved it. I loved the city, I loved how indepth the game was with civilians, websites, activities, fully furnished buildings  and even the fact that you could ride the Liberty City Subway to Star Junction. This is what gave the game life. GTA IV had a great story and great characters. Hey Niko, you want to go bowling? I loved a lot about this game and I want Rockstar to implement the same experience into their next games and next GTA If there ever is another. I then purchased it again so I could relive the fantastic experience this game was. Oh! Did I mention that his game had story DLC? Yes, thats right! AND THERE WERE TWO OF THEM!This game summed up everything a GTA game should be and I will be recommending this game not only because I want people to play it, but also because I want R or TakeTwo to notice how much some people really love this game.To Rockstar and TakeTwo if you are reading,Please follow the footsteps ofand listen to the fans since they love your games. The recent negative reviews are meaningless. Please dont screw your next cool stuff up... 