You start fresh off the boat in Liberty City and encounter problems right away. Helping your cousin Roman to pay off his debts connects you to a chain of loan sharks, mafia members and government through which you work your way up, making friends and foes at the same time, working as a hiredgun, doing whatever it takes to survive and searching for that special someone, a traitor who killed your friends during the Yugoslav Wars.There are different types of missions. In certain missions decisions are up to player.Spare or Kill, which does not impact the main story, and people you spared can be encountered during a freeroam through the city, and provide you a bonus side mission or objective.Kill one person or another, and spared person usually becomes your friend.Work for or Kill, impacts the main story and can change the outcome of the game.The cool thing about this game is that its the first GTA game with a usable phone. You can call your contacts and also dial 911 and they will respond.If you are up for the challenge, by completing certain missions, stunt jumps and much more, achievements can be unlocked in Games For Windows Live. However, these achievements are disabled if you use cheats, which you use by dialing a cheat number in your ingame phone.There is also Multiplayer with different game modes and a Ranked match, which allows you to level up and unlock different clothes.Like in prevous GTA games, you can drive cars, helicopters, but there are no tanks and flyable planes. Official word from Rockstar was that the city is not big enough for flying a plane. Still, that doesnt mean you cant have fun. You can call your contacts and ask them to go out with you, bowling, drinking, show... and if your friends like or respect level reaches the certain precentage, you will actually unlock their special ability like calling a backup, buying weapons from them, getting a car bomb and more. You can also go to an Internet cafe and access your email, buy new themes and ringtones for your phone that you got in a certain mission, that supports themes and has a camera. Another cool thing is that you can actually find a date online and meet in person, and if you get bored you can easily end it over the phone.If your car gets dirty you can wash it in a carwash. If you dont feel like driving yourself, hail a cab. You can jump in a police car and access a police computer and clean the streets by doing vigilante missions.The last best GTA game. Definitely worth. I would rate it 9,5/10. 