Summary Grand Theft Auto 4 is the seriess reentry into Liberty City since the original GTA 3, which it certainly lives up to its blockbuster roots. It offers roughly 4080 hours of gameplay, strong storydriven core missions, a variety of vehicles and weapons, and new aspects such as cellphones, GPS, internet, and TV. There are a few elements that will frustrate you along the way, controls that are clunky and unforgiving, intermittent platforming that are hitormiss, and long commuting times for followon missions. Overall, its an enjoyable experience and one of the best games in our previous gaming generations and would highly recommend it, 4.5/5.My childhood was filled with playing GTA 3, a game infamous for corrupting Americas youth and creating a nationwide crime epidemic. Which ironically never happened and although fitting for another discussion, this generation committed less crime than our parents generations. Regardless, the core of what the Grand Theft Auto is about is creating a morally ambiguous representation of our world, where its up to player in how they interact with it. Whether its beating up s and taking their cash, and then executing police officers. Or its following the storymissions or maybe finding a police car and acting as an armed vigilante. You can rescue people in an EMT vehicle, fight fires in a firetruck, its all your choice. What I liked best about GTA 4 was how good of a job they did in creating the illusion of a fully breathing, integrated world. Radio talk shows, TV shows, advertisements, c, they all paint this crazy, insane Liberty City full of so many problems that people are oblivious towards.This Liberty City is also enormous and I cannot compare it on a statistical level with GTA 3 or also with an Elder Scrolls or Far Cry game, but it takes roughly 1520 minutes by car to reach the opposite side of the city. It is large, expansive, and further helps to create the perception of a sprawling metropolis. Now an issue that I had with this, like with many large sandbox games is the repetitive nature of going from missiontomission. Driving around for 1520 minutes to reach the next mission marker may have been novel at first, but 3040 hours in, it lost all original novelty. The missions themselves are start off pretty generic and boring, and makes you lose any sort of motivation to continue when you fail and have to make the full commute again, but they quickly improve midgame. The midgame missions vary from the stereotypical bank robbery, setting car bombs with the Irish family, taking down some biker gangs, whacking rival families with the Mafia, making pickups with a garbage truck, and so on.The main story follows a recently arrived Russian immigrant named Niko Bellic, who arrives to Liberty City when his cousin Roman tells him how hes made it big. Niko arrives penniless and starts off doing some small jobs as he pursues his American dream, the core theme of GTA 4. Throughout the game, he meets a myriad of interesting characters that give him missions to earn money and make his name. One thing that was different from GTA 3 was the lack of use for money in the game. As you earn all this money throughout the game, in previous incarnations you could purchase property and investments, as you slowly took over and made Liberty City yours. In GTA 4, youre limited to only purchasing weapons/ammo, clothes, and food/entertainment. Youll sit on a ridiculous sum of money with nothing to use it on, which seems like a shame since I had around 750,000 by the time I finished the game.There are some new additions to this incarnation, with hours of TV you can watch, hours of talk show melodrama on the radio, web pages and emails to send, dating, cellphone use, and so on. I found it to be distracting, but most of these new additions are fully integrated and you will have to use them on your core missions to complete the game. The music is for the most part 3rdparty, like GTA 3, music taken from artists to make a radio station in the game. There are alot of radio station options available, so it shouldnt get old too quickly. One addition that was definitely wellreceived is the GPS, you can plug into your map or when you start a mission, and itll draw a line to the next point. It makes traveling a little more bearable and easier to navigate the city.The biggest issue that Ive had with GTA 4, along with GTA 3 is the controls. Theyre absolutely atrocious and frustrating. Trying to go up a flight of stairs is painful and trying to accurately position yourself for a jump or getting into a window washers elevator can end horrifically as your character falls to his death unexpectedly. The gunbased combat can be annoying at times, with your character quickly flipping sides on a corner and in the process missing and getting hit at the same time. Driving is also difficult, even with the better vehicles later on, as it seems that all cars in the world of GTA have jacked up steering and cannot corner for But what compounds this is that its so easy to die, get your vehicle stuck in a corner, die unexpectedly from a corner, that when you die you have to go alllllll the way back to the start of your commute to the mission. You can use the cellphone to restart the mission, but it only takes you as far back as the mission marker. Its repetitive and can be easily cut out, and since you cant save halfway into a mission, makes it frustrating when you die from something silly. If you could fast move to a previously used location or restart at the point of failure, it would alleviate alot of that type of frustration.Overall, the game takes a little bit of time to really feel rewarding and draw you in, but its a great game overall. Minor problems with the gameplay may hinder you at times and can test your patience, but as long as youre willing to stick with the game to the end, youll find it to be a memorable experience. 4.5/5 