Where do i begin my rant, Let me start with saying I have been playing GTA since london 1969 and I have been In love with rockstar Games Since they were known as The Hand Of Satan!!! Where do i start with this game.... GFWL if you know what that means you can begin to understand my frustrations with this game. I was lucky enough to never finish this game and not by choice mind you. I have attempted to complete this game several times and GFWL for some reason or another would loose my progress and i would either have to start again or say forget it and just not play I chose the ladder Now that may infact be only related to my personal experience with this GEM but if you have had similar issues Im speaking gospel. Liberty city feels Boring, its ugly and so over crowded it just makes for a overly frustrating experience there are really no good places IMO other than the swingset  to really open up and race through the street without having to stop or slow down every 15 seconds I just cant stand the design choice of a blocky street layout that feels , well .... BLOCKY I know alot of people who really like this game but i cant imagine why the story is darker than anything GTA wise rockstar has done but you cant identify with any of the story elements or protagonists or at least I could not and after about 3550 minutes into a session I just feel like loading san andreas or vice city this one just leaves alot to be desired like multiplayer??? where the FK is it or should i say was it? 20 minutes of that and i was satisfied with my 5 dollar purchase still overpriced episodes from liberty city is way better of course in the same setting there was just more there in terms of story development, Oh and the constant calls all the time calls calls calls dammit stop Roman im busy with jacob smokin on the dro. anyway Im SALTY AS FK when it comes to GTA4 70 hours on record and I still have yet to complete it due to restarting a dozen times It could have been sooooo goood but then again past is past and  im spoiled by the far superior experience of GTA5 and the beast that is GTAO I hope this Jumbled mess of a review/impression of GTA4 convinces you to only get this if it comes in a bundle and not to overpay for it and not play it ... at all actually or do its just not the same feeling agree disagree??? what are your thoughts ..... 