Disclaimer The port is absolute garbage, but modern video cards should be able to run it decently.GTA IV stands as one of the best games ever created, not merely in terms of breadth, but also depth. Liberty City is bitter, depraved, yet utterly convinced of its own glamor, something that you, as a player, can easily fall for and admire as you cruise through its streets. Each of the four districts are memorable with the exception of Alderny, and filled with their own distinct brand of people disillusioned immigrants to disillusioned socialites, all walking the streets on their daytoday life. Its your job, as a GTA protagonist, to add a little spice to that life with gunfire and explosions.Unfortunately, when compared to GTA V, the gunplay in IV falls short. It IS serviceable, but the crisp and precise motions allowed in V are not accounted for here, and the momenttomoment gameplay suffers for it. Same with driving the mechanics in IV are far more loose, letting you drift off the road like a camel on iceskates, but that isnt necessarily a negative, and everyone has to decide for themselves whether or not they like that. Graphicallyspeaking, IV is grimy and bleak, with overcast skies and streets lined with litter from sunrise to sunset. The varied locales and bright sparkling waters of Los Santos are, yet again, not to be found here, and it lends a more prominent, if morose, touch to the overall mood of the game.Now, as for where IV easily trumps V, its pretty much everything else. The writing is brilliant in almost every regard. Where much has been said regarding Niko Bellics willingness to commit murder while protesting his wishes to redeem himself, its a possible, and often overlooked, caveat that the writers willingly created. The mark of pursuing an unobtainable dream is the very crux of GTA IVs theme, and all the sadness and despair that implies. You lose everything twice, as Niko, and perhaps a third time at the very end. You work towards riches that bring you nothing but more sorrows, your wallet filled with blood, but, from time to time, you glimpse a bittersweet moment of character that sticks out all the more for the grey field it is set upon. Rockstars depiction of America is spoton, and, though I cannot speak for Liberty Citys accuracy in regards to its likeness to New York City, I can say that Dan Houser absolutely nailed the modern definition of the American Dream a longing for a different time and a different place, mistrust in ones own ability to realize his will, endlessly crushed by the wills already realized.Its a beautiful game, and one of my alltime favorites. 