I first started playing this game when it was released around 2008. At the time, I was very young and didnt really care much about the story, but absorbed the names and personalities of the characters. Not to mention, I mainly played it for the multiplayer and pure chaos I could cause with friends. Now I have replayed the story, after all these years, and I can safely say its pretty crap.The story took me about 12 hours to complete, and within those dozen hours, I was dissapointed by the roster of characters to interact with. Instead of the game focussing on a small collection of characters to stick with in most missions, the story tends to introduce a new character every couple missions, then forgetting the previously new characters afterwards. Roman and Little Jacob are the only real buddies who stick with you throughout the game, besides Dimitri, but hes the main enemy by the end of the game anyway.Anyway, you play as Niko Bellic, a Russian immigrant who moves to Liberty City to live with his cousin after fighting in the Yugoslav wars alongside Roman, persuing the American dream having parties with beautiful women, owning a mansion and earning lots of money. His cousin, Roman, lies to Niko, once offering such luxuries and now presenting nothing but a poorly looked after apartment, a crappy job and a rundown area to live in full of dangerous drug use and crime. Niko finds his only way to earn money fast is to take part in criminal activities to assist Roman, whilst cleaning up any mess he makes with more intimidating gangs. As time passes, Niko expresses his real reason for moving to Liberty City, which is to find and take revenge on 2 men who one of them betrayed and nearly killed Niko in the war. Niko was part of a squad and he was the one who survived. He finds his only goal in life is to take revenge, but after a lot of time in Liberty City, he finds the city of fortune is not as it is. It is riddled with crime, drug trafficking and many other illegal attrocities proving to be little in difference to what unthinkable tasks he was given in the wars. Niko is at first full of anger over the lies of his cousin and fueled for revenge, but as the story progresses, he is urged to relax and move on from his past life, much like his friends who now live differently in Liberty City.Although this story sounds interesting, it is almost ruined by the lack of consistency with characters and repetitive mission objectives. Theres a lot of shooting in this game, and not always offering interesting or exciting scenarios. San Andreas offered more variety of missions, which is dissapointing, since this game could have taken advantage of the excellent physics at hand.Coming back to the story, it is clear it wanted to make the city a character. I think the reason the characters are quickly replaced is to focus on the connections of each character in the city as Niko climbs the ladder slowly to working with the crime lords. Still, in the end I never cared about any character, unless it was a member of s family, Roman, Michelle, Florian or Ray and Pegorino, as they are the most important characters you work with. Dimitri is a lingering character, but his presence is used sparingly and he just isnt that interesting as a character once his dark side comes out, despite how deep his background can get. Learning about the diamond business was a really cool thing to take part in, but was quickly forgotten about half way throughout the game. Ugh, basically a lot happens in this game but is quickly replaced with another scenario as soon as I get interested in it. Its so frustrating, and I could mention many more scenarios that end too soon.The addition of choice is cool, as sometimes youll have choices to make with who survives in the narrative. However, 90 of these do not affect the story at all. Its only really the final choice given that does. One of those choices kills Roman, and for such an iconic character full of optimism and charisma, its a sin how he goes out with very little said and no final, memorable words. The other ending is equally dissapointing, as Kate Nikos forced romantic interest is killed instead and I remember choosing this ending many years ago. Its disapointing because there are no missions regarding her your relationship with her is optional, yet the story expects you to have done a lot with her, which makes her death redundant, but at least you live well with Roman and Dimitri dies early.Gameplay wise, its a lot of fun to cause chaos. I remember there being a lot more to do years ago, but I have run out of new and fun things to do now, Id be repeating everything I did years ago. Theres a lack of side missions and Niko is too fragile to really go bonkers and crazy with. This forces the use of cheats, which is annoying since you can only activate them once pulling your phone out. Get hurt, then you put your phone away and you have to try to navigate the menus again to find the cheat you want. The weapons available are standard, but offer a big punch. Driving is always awkard, but somewhat more fun than in GTA V, since there is a charm to how realistic and unpredictable the driving is in this game. Sometimes the lack of control is more fun, since you felt more skilled driving well in GTA IV.Multiplayer is only fun with friends, but not many people join these servers now, so Id avoid it.Overall, the story is actually okay, but frustrating and made me refuse to care about a newly introduced character, sinec I knew theyd either be killed off or randomly forgotten about. Nonetheless, I still recommend this game for its detail and charm. The city feels vast, yet alive and Niko is definitely a well crafted character with a dark background and his transformation is definitely interesting to observe. It could have just been a bit better if the story focussed more on family  . Seeing more Roman would have been great. 