Before I begin, I would like to say that I completely understand why long term fans of the GTA franchise dislike this game. Having played San Andreas and Vice City since having purchased IV I would definitely agree that the aforementioned two are undeniably better games, and that IVs story focus definitely hurt the game I still think that IV is absolutely phenomenal.Whilst I did just say that the story hurt the game that is not to say that the story is bad. On the contrary, it is a very good story, its well written, the characters are funny and interesting, and some moments will definitely make you uncomfortable. But the sandbox nature of the world has been cut down. Gone is the extensive vehicle customization, a feature I adored in San Andreas, there is a massively reduced number of clothes to buy and there are no properties to buy. The lack of actual sand in this box is a real shame, as the box is the most detailed and interesting box Rockstar have made to my knowledge I havent played V. GTA IV is the only game I have ever played where I will put down my massive amount of military ordnance and go for a walk. I dont mean a run, or a police chase, I mean I will hold down the W key whilst admiring the detail in the environments and AI. The game is absolutely phenomenal in terms of making the world feel alive. Traffic will obey traffic laws, the police will chase down criminals and hobos will prostrate themselves at your feet and beg for loose change. My only complaint in the world area is that if you wait at the traffic lights dont judge me  cars will occasionally forget your existence and try to park themselves behind the the car ahead of them, which also conveniently happens to be the space you are currently occupying.The actual gunplay of the game does have some major problems. The guns do sound a bit too much like rapid fire staple guns, and the cover system has an annoying habit of ssticking you to the wrong wall and what with the healthbar and quick death this tends to get annoying, and like all GTA games Except V there are no mission checkpoints, so if you die you have to drive all the way across town again, which would normally result in me throwing my laptop out the window, but for some reason doesnt get annoying. The physics driven nature of the characters makes it an absolute joy to shoot a policeman in the leg and watch as he collapses to the floor, or strafe his chest with bullets so he squeezes the trigger and shoots the floor. The physics do add much to the game, especially when you spin your car with the handbrake and knock a passing NPC in the legs so he faceplants into your boot or trunk if youre WRONG. In fact, whilst many said the driving was too annoying and realistic, meaning the cars slid all over the place and turning ended with you sliding into a nearby wall, I feel that the untameable nature of the cars makes police chases much more interesting when you have to fight to keep your car under control as you roar down the road at a million miles an hour away from half the LCPD and knock over someones Gran, then fail to turn and end up embedded in the wall as the policemen rebrand you as swiss cheese.So whilst the plot may have damaged the sandbox nature of the game I feel that it has been strengthened in many areas, and at the end of the day there is only one game where walking around the city and not shooting anyone for a whole half hour can remain interesting. All in all it isnt as good as its predecessors, but it innovates and improves in more areas than it ruins, so is definitely still worth your time. 