Grand Theft Auto IV was the second GTA game I ever played, starting off with it in the summer of 11.You may not stand the driving. You may find the colours brown and dulllike. You might find a lack of activities and missions to do. But this game was the BEST GTA game ever to get into chases and fights with the police all around Liberty City.This game was fun and entertaining for me in that sense and served me well for the past 5 years to play when I got bored. Rockstar definitely took a trip back to classic GTA III when designing this game and its simplicity payed off.When compared to GTA V of course, the differences and scale of things to do wildly differentiate. However in my eyes, the simplicity and basiclike freeworld exploration of the game was its strength. It didnt try to act big, it simply served as a fun action game with which you could waste hours getting into chases with greatly incompetent cops in or explore the vast urban landscape in a black Sedan on a grey rainy day while listening to Integrity or Jazz Nation Radio My personal favourite. The multiplayer is the same in this regard Simple mechanics helped to make it fun to play. There was no need for detailed profiles and a levelling up system nor was there the need for big weapons ranging from muskets to miniguns, there was simply you, the other players and the whole world to mess about in.The storyline was also good in my view. It had a solid introduction with a whole range of different characters with their own stories to tell, such as Roman, your optimistic st telling gambler  cabcompany cousin. And who could forget the steroidfrenzy man Brucie? Or your trusty gun and weed expert Little Jacob? The game may not have been greatly complex in terms of activities and choiceplay as often showcased in GTA SA, but the characters, simple mechanics and storytelling helped to make GTA IV the unique game it is. You may hate it or love it but in my view it has a special place in the GTA game history. I recommend you pick this up and give it a/n extrachance As well as Roman asking you if youd like to go bowling with him..In short In my opinion of courseQuantity  PoorGameplay value  Excellent 