Although I have 90 hours in this, I hated most of it. Sucks to be a completionist.About 1020 hours of that was me leaving the game on and walking away to do something else or just fall asleep.I had a lot more fun with Saints row 1/2 than I did this game.Issues include Infected with GFWL, controls are crap, getting bumped by cars which happens a LOT, no one brakes for pedestrians in Liberty City causes you to fall down and flop like a fish for 20 seconds, WTF driving physics, inconsistant performance, no AA.I know theres mods to fix a lot of the issues in the game, and my feeling is that if you need mods to make a game fun, skip that game for a fun game that doesnt need mods.I can tell Rockstar put a lot of effort into all the little activities and minigames, but in all honesty, if you want to play pool, go find a high quality pool game. Same for darts, bowling, and all the other minigames they tried to squeeze in. Dont make the guy whos supposed to be delivering my guns not want to deliver guns to me anymore because I wont answer his call to hang out every 5 minutes. There are dating simulators for that.The car physics are complete crap. Not only does the weird camera sway give me motion sickness, but cars will flip and/or launch into the air for no reason. Just taking a corner a little too sharply will cause your car to roll and flip several times before flinging you into a building. Except for very few vehicles, the brakes barely work, the wheels have very poor traction and it feels like youre driving a marshmellow over ice.Correct me if Im wrong, but driving shouldnt be one of the worst qualities in a game revolving around cars.While the map is big, there wasnt really anything special visually or gameplaywise that any other sandbox game hadnt already done. No AA made a lot of areas look like crap depending on the time of day, and in certain areas there were heavy graphical glitches as things would distort or vanish as I drove by/through.For some reason I had to turn the number of cars way down or the game would stutter very badly. Even then there were barely any cars in the streets so Im not sure what the issue was there. I suspect it was related to the terrible car physics.Some of the harder missions had few to no checkpoints, so if the controls started to act up, or you got stuck in a wall or some scenery or accidentally walked off an edge because of weird camera/control issues, you had to start over from scratch.Since the driving felt so broken, I ended up just using the taxi most of the time, and even then, the missions just felt like they were dragging on and on. I was incredibly bored by the time the ending rolled around.Also Im not sure what the point of money was since besides ammo and vests, there wasnt really much to spend it on. No garages, no custom vehicles, no properties to buy or customizable safehouses, Nada.While normally I would say that anyone who complains that playing video games will make you violent is crazy, after playing this junk, all I just wanted to do was give the QA team a few nudges with my front bumper.