Clocked many hours on this game. Whether it be playing with mods, experiencing the story, whatever!This game is all round great.The Story takes a more serious tone than its successor GTA V, I found the story engaging and characters intresting, though at certain points in the game it can feel like you are just an errand boy for a Gang/Mafia.The game makes up for this with its amazing gameplay and physics. I think the gunplay in this game is the best in the series and the driving is not as arcadey as other titles. Plus this game includes many features not found in other GTAs including GTA 5. Such as crouching, hanging off ledges and better fighting system. See Crowbcats video on the subject to see more on what makes GTA 4 a sometimes more enjoyable experience. AI in this game can be a bit off sometimes though.Being a GTA game its full of content not to mention that mods add even more replay abillity, One of the biggest GTA 4 modding sites GTA4MODS closed down earlier this year though you can still access the mods that were on the site via their archive site. New GTA 4 mods can be found onand GTA Garage just to name a few. This game has quite a dark filiter that makes the graphics look dull and dirty. Id recommend downloading an ENB Graphics Mod to get more out of this games visuals. If you are looking for more difficulty Id recommend Hardcore Health and Bullet Impact Euphoria mods. These mods reduce your health and make you react to bullets like ai respectively. I played through the whole game again with these mods and loved the rush you got when in gunfights and doing missions, it made you make better decisions and I kind of wish a hardcore mode would be added to future GTAs.Overall I would definetly recommend this game 9.7/10EDIT My PC is quite powerful so I dont experience that much of an issue, but this game is very poorly optimised. The recommend specs are no where near what you require for a solid experience. This game craves CPU horse power and if you dont have it frame rates are low and inconsistent. An i5/i7 clocked at 4.0GHZ is recommended. Other than that what I said in the review still stands.