Grand Theft Auto IV is a very good game overall, but does it deserve all of the perfect 10 reviews that it recieved?StorylineIm going to keep this spoiler free, so dont worry if you havent played it yet. In GTA IV you play as Niko Bellic, a European immigrant looking for a new start in the land of opportunity, but also on a rage fueld quest for revenge on someone who betrayed him and killed all of his friends back in the war. He is willing to do anything to find the truth, but in Liberty City, finding the truth means you have to get a lot of blood on your hands along the way. He soon finds his past catching back up to haunt him. GTA IV has one of the best storylines in gaming and, in my opinion, the best in the GTA series. Rockstar took a different approach with GTA IV and went for a darker, more mature story. You start out as a nobody in LC, but Niko is soon sucked into the criminal underworld when his cousin Roman gets into trouble with Albanians. This is just the start of Niko getting dragged into more and more serious criminal activity. Throughout the game you will work for street punks, Russian gangsters, drug lords, a crazy Irish family, a big time hustler, a dirty cop, the government, the mafia, and many more. You also get to play as two other characters Johnny Klebitz  Luis Lopez in the expansion Episodes from Liberty City. That includes The Lost and Damned, a story about the fall of Liberty Citys most notorious biker gang, and The Ballad of Gay Tony, a story about LCs dangerous nightlife, the rich and famous, and the dirty work behind it all. GTA IV, The Lost and Damned,  The Ballad of Gay Tony all take place at the same time and their stories all tie together in a unique way. Overall, GTA IVs story is one for the ages and one you will remember.EnviromentLiberty City is a wonderful representation of New York. You will notice it right from the very beginning as you see GTA versions of famous NY landmarks and bulidings. The world is very real with people going about their day, cars driving through packed streets, and airplanes coming in and out of the airport. You will also notice a variety of citizens and you will never really see the same person twice like in past GTA games. The only problem with Liberty City is that is somewhat small and theres a lot of buildings, A LOT.GameplayProsGTA IV introduced a new kind of gameplay into the series. With their new RAGE engine and motion capture, movements, driving, shooting, and everything in between feels very realistic. For some people this is a good thing, and for others this is somewhat unnecessary. Everything you do has a real reaction. If you run down the street and bump into someone they will fall, if you crash into a pole your car will have realistic damage, etc. They also added new shooting mechanics and a cover system. With this shooting feels better than ever and the cover system eliminates some of the frustration that plagued the past GTA games.ConsDriving in this game is something that takes a while to get the hang of, and dont even attempt it with a mouse and keyboard. The cars feel really boxlike and over realistic. It took me a while to really master the driving and once you do its really not a problem, but once you barely hit a curb and your new sports car flips over uncontrollably, you remember why you hate the driving. One thing this game is really missing is customization. While there is a wide variety of clothes to choose from, you cant really customize your character that much. You cant change his hair, weight, or really anything you could do in San Andreas. You also cant customize your cars like you can in SA either, but dont worry, they bring it back in GTA V. This game aslo lacks a lot of stuff to do. There are some side missions and random chracters, but after you do all of that there isnt that much to do besides drive around, kill cops, and blow up stuff. Also you cannot fly planes.MulitplayerProsGTA IV was the first GTA game with an official mulitplayer mode by Rockstar. It packs tons of fun and rediculous things will happen with you and all of your friends running around LC. They also included a wide varety of different games modes, such as Race, Turf War, Deathmatch, Mafiya Work, Cops n Crooks, Freemode, etc. They also included three 24 player co op missions Deal Breaker, Hangmans NOOSE, and Bomb Da Base II. They included a lot of character customization for mulitplayer which is really a good thing since it was lacking in single player. Also The Lost and Damned  The Ballad of Gay Tony add in new multiplayer modesConsSince it is Rockstars first attempt at mulitplayer, it is missing some things. There really isnt much of an XP system or leveling up system. To level up you have to earn money. Each level requires a specific amount of money. You can earn moeny through playing any game mode besides freemode. The only problem is there are only 10 levels and to reach the golden level 10, you need to amass a large 5,000,000 which can be quite difficult.ModsThis game has an insane amount of mods. Everything from cars, planes, clothes, and weapons to a Zombie Mod, ICEnhancer graphics mod which makes it look 5x better, a Hulk mod and anything else that you can imagine. So what it lacks in gameplay, the community has made sure that you will still have a lot of fun when youre done with the story.MusicGTA IV has a really good soundtrack with music that you will remember. Everything from underground rock, hiphop, jazz, electro house, comedy talk shows, and more. The mix of music really captures the east coast feel. Also in the Episodes from Liberty City, all new music is added to the radio stations and even a few new stations like Vice City FM so you can enjoy the iconic 80s music similiar to Vice Citys soundtrack.OtherSome other things to note is that in The Ballad of Gay Tony, parachutes and a tank are added which were missing from GTA IV and The Lost and Damned. There are also many other things like vehicles and weapons that are added to the expansions. There is also a video capture function where you can save the last 30 seconds of gameplay. You can edit the clips in an ingame video editor and make your own montage of epic, funny, or amazing moments.VerdictGTA IV is a great game, but it doesnt deserve a perfect 10 score. While its story is great and there are some improvements, there are things it is lacking like customization and just stuff to do. If I was to give it an overall score it would be 8.5/10. Its a great experince that I highly recommend to any gamer.