This game pisses me off... mostly because its awesome and it absolutely will not run on any of my laptops, my wifes laptop, nor will it function on my work computer. Sure, itll install and look pretty as all the emotional derpitude and anticipation of having a great newish game only serve to increase the flow of chemicalcandies to the already overactive neurons in my skullbrain. During all of this there are 99k things to sign into, updates to install, and allthewhile you realize that youve forgotten that Mr. Hewlett and Ms. Packard made a deformed devilbaby  just so they could keep up with the Dells  and because they were in a hurry their child has crappy parts which should have prevented the damn thing from ever reaching fullterm in the first place. What do they do with their poorlyplanned and problemriddled child? They sell it at an astronomically overvalued high price with the promise that their baby will be everything you ever wanted in a computer!So, what happens next? Ill tell you, dear reader, what happens next! The game installs on your computer after a grueling 45 hours of pure and utter chaos, and then it teases you with a clickable button that says, Play. It says, Play, so you should be able to play now, right? Hell no, youre not playing a damn thing, you fool! What youre going to do instead is click more buttons! After clicking more and more buttons, the fickleasks if youd like to Play again, and now youre suddenly unsure of yourself. Is she for real? Is she lying spoiler alert Shes totally lying!? Am I truly going to click something and experience the surreal pleasure of GTA IV on my laptop? No, Yes, and Hell no, are the correct answers  in sequential order. A slideshow of graphic novelstyle images appear on your screen. You finally feel safe to let loose the sweet tears of joy and rhapsody! All appears right and holy in the universe as you catch a hallucinatory glimpse of the Buddy Christ giving you the thumbs up/winkyface smile out of the corner of your eye! Even the Savior is celebrating with you!But... the thumbs up is really just a message from the devilbaby with Downs... The only thing you get is an overpriced laptop winking as it reminds you yet again, Up yours, Buddy. This is HP. Deal with it. And the slideshow continues... forever....Please make a Mac version of this game! 