I got the physical copy for this game in winter 2008 for the PC, and have been playing since then.GTA IV, the followup to GTA San Andreas. As a kid, I was very excited for this game. It looked amazing, I watched the Trailers over and over again. I was hyped. Was the hype worth it? Hell. Yes. After I got the PC to play it, that is.Shooting feels very impactful and fluid.Amazing gun choice Melee, Pistols, SMGs, Shotguns, Machine Guns, Sniper Rifles, Throwables and a Rocket Launcher.Good AI. Enemies take advantage of cover and pedestrians react realistically to the players actions.Exciting police. Shootouts with the police are very fun, they even pathfind into interiors.Cover system. Cover behind walls, benches, trashcans, cars, etc. just by pressing one button.Amazing physics engine. Pedestrians and player fall over realistically, it feels impactful.Good driving physics. Now this point might be a bit controversial, but I personally like how floaty the cars are.Three different islands to unlock and explore.Several StoryChoices with varying impact.Loads of activities you can do with Nikos friends Bowling, pool, darts, drinking, etc.You can call your friends for a favor. Want a car bomb? Want to lose your wantedlevel? Sure.Multiplayer is still functional and is very fun.Your friends call you up every 5 minutes to ask to do an activity. Not accepting can make your friend deny any services.No option to do activities like bowling with other players in freeroam Multiplayer. Wouldve been a nice touch.Open world not as varied and large as San Andreas world.There are no planes like in many other GTATitles.Story sets off very slowly.There are lots of settings to tweak. Resolution, shadow quality, viewdistance, etc. No antialiasing option unfortunately, but it can be enabled via driver Make sure you use something else than MSAA as its not supported, like FXAA.This game does not perform that well. Even on modern PCs it likes to dip into the 30s. Tweaking the settings correctly is important I recommend turning on Vsync on fast systems, it fixes a lot of stuttering issues.While not having official modsupport, the game has a HUGE moddingcommunity. There are mods out there that allow you to play as superheroes or as a police officer. There even is a first person mod Id like to think that this mod actually inspired GTA Vs official first person.the newest patch broke all script mods. You will have to downpatch your game, or wait for an updated ScriptHook.Despite the games flaws and it missing many features compared to its predecessors, the game improves so much on what the previous titles tried, that it has earned its place as one of the best GTAs in my opinion. I even think that it feels more fun to play than GTA V. I can only recommend you try it.