Have you ever played any Grand Theft Auto GTA game? If so then you probably know what it is the series has to offer. In case you were in the outer space for last decade here is a little sum up. GTA is THE sandbox. You get your character, huge map and freedom to do whatever you want. There is a storyline to follow, but at first you will probably just wander around, steal a car and run over some innocent bystranders but who is innocent right?. After a while you will get curious about the story and might even try to follow up on it.And this is where GTA IV differs from previous GTA games, most notably San Andreas. Rockstar tried to shake off the comedy like feeling of previous games and took different approach. GTA IV is way more serious, maybe a little too serious. The story follows Nico Bellic, an immigrant from eastern Europe who tries to find his luck and also peace in Liberty City. It would not be much of a story if everything went well, so for poor Nico everything will go downhill right from the start and he will be force to take part in citys crimewars. The story is nothing new but it works well enough, although some may find it hard to sympathize with Nico at least at beginning, since he is really different type of hero.Another big difference compared to the previous GTA titles are the looks. The graphics have evolved greatly during those 4 years since San Andreas and GTA IV comes with way more realistic ones. Considering the size of Liberty City and the fact that there are actually no loadings the game looks amazing even today. The driving model followed the path of realism as well. Obviously it is not comparable with driving simulators, but compared to San Andreas the car feels way more real.Overally GTA IV comes out pretty neat, although the game had serious performance problems for a long time after the release of PC version, the patches and the newly developed hardware had taken care of those and today the game runs pretty smoothly on your average computer. Second problem might be Games for Windows Live client which is necessary for playing and which is broadly hated by gamers, myself included. Because of that I never got chance to try out multiplayer which I was looking forward to, but you might be luckier. 