If you havent played this game and its on sale, try it out! Theres a lot of good here. But its not worth the full asking price because Rockstar did a terrible job porting the game. I havent played too terribly long, but Im not too terribly motivated to keep going.Good  the presentation, the writing, the acting, and the design of Liberty City are all wonderful. Many morality decisions are genuinely tense and difficult, which is a refreshing pace from most games it feels much deeper than do I want to play an evil guy or a good guy?. I liked the system of keeping your affinity with characters high by going out to dinner/bowling/etc. A lot of people didnt like the driving but I enjoyed the less arcadey take. Theres good support for controllers, and PC settings can be changed easily.Mixed  the missions are bland and repetitive, at least in the first 10 hours, but still fun. The city, while lovely and fun to explore, doesnt encourage the sandbox mayhem Id expect in a GTA game. But it must be said that a major reason for this is that, as a player, I kept thinking Niko is fundamentally a decent guy, hed never gun down civilians just to see if he could exacpe the cops! I would have never thought this in Vice City or San Andreas, so props to Rockstar on building a plot with heavy emotional weight. Anyway, controls are as bad as theyve always been in GTA. Generally I feel that theres less freedom here than I would have liked, but I think thats an acceptable cost for a compelling characterdriven plot. There are GWFL annoyances, but nothing gamebreaking on my Windows 10 environment. Character models seem rough for a 2008 release. Some annoying UI quirks here and there particularly when you want to check the gamepad controls.Awful  same as everyone else this is a truly bad PC port, with shameful performance. Its so bad that this game is genuinely a ripoff. I have a modest gaming rig and cant play many currentgen AAA titles  such as, say, GTA V. So I didnt expect this to be 60fps at highest settings or anything like that. But if my computer runs Just Cause 2 fine at high settings, there is absolutely no reason for GTA IV to chug at the lowest possible settings. A company with Rockstars resources doesnt have a good excuse for something this badly optimized. Outside of performance, the brawling system is a uniquely awful way of implementing unarmed combat...and, besides, it invariably sends my frame rate to the single digits, for whatever stupid reason.I dont have a lot of money to spend on gaming, but my PC can run lastgen games very well, and there are a number of older games I wanted to get around to. I purchased GTAIV in a bundle with III, Vice City, and San Andreas for 10. This deal was well worth it  it would be a good deal without GTAIV.But this game, sadly, isnt worth the 20 full asking price. I greatly exceed the minimum requirements and should be able to play the game on minimum settings with AT LEAST 20fps. If you want to buy a GTA game that isnt V, I would recommend Vice City or San Andreas.