I figured out how to play GTA IV on Windows 10! Below the review is how to do it.NO SPOILERS.ReviewThis game is amazing. Many people dislike it for its wonky driving, but the driving really isnt that bad. Once you get used to it, it is amazing to get into. Considering it was made in 2008, it was amazing for its time, and its still wonderful today. I beat this campaign about 3 times on PS3, but that was a while ago. I run it with everything maxed except no vsync, no night shadows, and view distance at 60, and I get  60 fps. BuildPros Story. The story is really interesting, how you arrive in liberty city, throughout how your character Niko Bellic progresses through, and the very end of the main campaign. Combat/NPC. The combat is great, although the handtohand combat is a little awkward on PC, but the gunplay is amazing. I have played enough San Andreas to know that GTA IV is a huge step up. The people you encounter, whether they are people you are shooting, people that are walking or driving, or even people you are hitting with your car have very fluid motions to them. Car Damage. Some people think it looks bad, but in my opinion its great because the car deforms in many different areas. Unlike damage thats already programmed to happen, Im pretty sure it has deformations that happen due to what you hit, sort of like Next Car Game Wreckfest.Neutral Driving. It is a little like driving on ice. Also the cars have weight to them, so while its good for plowing through a roadblock or rush hour, its hard to stop and turn.Overall, Id give this a 9/10 because its amazing. I spent many a night staying up and playing this on PS3, and PC is even better.Windows 10 instructionsFirst off, this does require a thing called X Live Less. Ill explain once we get to it.If step 1 does not apply to you and your problem is that you click Play after entering your Social Club info, but the game doesnt launch, skip to step 4.WARNING Updating the BIOS can be hazardous, so I recommend watching someone esle on YouTube update their BIOS so you kind of know what you are doing.1. You need a flashdrive. A CD might work, but dont quote me on it. This first step is for anyone with a Gigabyte gaz170x Gaming 5 motherboard. If it gets an error looking like this... Its because your mobos motherboard BIOS is out of date. Go here... You can see that update F3 fixes for games getting error 8016. You can get that, or F4 which is what I got. The newer ones might work, but I dont know.2. Download the BIOS update for your Continent, then put it on the flashdrive. Then extract the file I recommend the program Winrar to extract things, its free in the flash drive. Once you do that, turn your system off and then turn it back on. Once the Gigabyte logo appears, press Delete NOT backspace enough times until you get into the BIOS Screen.3. Once there press F8 to get into the qflash. This is how you update the BIOS. Click on the name of your flashdrive, then go into the BIOS folder that you extracted onto it, then click on that BIOS version. Then let it update. It will finish and might restart your computer a few times, but once you are on your desktop, you are golden!4. Now to fix GTA IV. Go here to download X Live Less... The top download link works. Then make a folder somewhere and extract I recommmend Winrar for extracting files, its free X Live Less into the folder. Go into the folder and you will find the files named xlive and xlived. Go into your GTA IV folder find your Steam folder and go to steamapps/common/Grand Theft Auto IV/GTAIV. Simply move both of the files xlive and xlived into the Grand Theft Auto IV folder and press Yes if it asks if you want to replace the current files with your new files. Then right click on the application GTAIV. Go to Compatability and check the box Run this program in compatability mode for and then make sure its set to Windows 7. Then click Apply.5. You probably want to do this step, but you might not need to. Sometimes the game wont let you increase graphics settings because you are out of memory. Right click on the Grand Theft Auto IV game in your library on the Steam app and go to properties. Then click on Set Launch  Options and put in norestrictions ... Then you will be able to set your graphics as much as you want!Now, unfortunately, I have not been able to play the game by pressing Play, because I am not able to see Niko or any other civilians. The only way I can play is to go the Grand Theft Auto IV folder and double click on LaunchGTAIV. The only downside to this is that it doesnt save how much time you play in the game on Steam. Just make a shortcut for LaunchGTAIV and put it on the desktop and you are good to go! Hope this helps! 