I love vanilla Grand Theft Auto IV its probably my favorite entry in the entire franchise. I will go as far to say that I prefer this game over GTA V. I platinumed it on the PS3 and got 1000G on the Xbox 360. The base game itself is great, it has a few issues here and there, but its mostly solid. I love everything about GTA IV except TLAD and Ballad of Gay Tony DLC packs  fuck those games.However, I cannot recommended this game in  good conscience  on the basis of it being one of the worst PCs ports in existence.This might be the worst PC port I have ever dealt with in the past quarter century of playing bideo games. I will take it a step further and say that Dark Souls without DSFix is a better experience than trying to play GTA IV on the PC, because at least Dark Souls manages to boot up on any modern computer, without any issues  due in part to the Steamwork migration. With GTA IV, youre going to spend less time playing the game and more time trying to get it running and then troubleshooting any issues that may arise later on. Componunded onto these issues, youre also going to have to deal with several forms of DRM, one of them being the dreaded GFWL. I hate having this shit on my computer. Why did they think it would be a good idea to integrate GTA IV with GFWL?Please refer to this page for troubleshooting any issues or guides to improve your experienceGTA IVs PC port is an anamoly. Rockstar is typically on point about PC ports, both before and after GTA 4. This port is so poorly optimized that its unable to deal with more than 2GB of VRAM on the getgo. Its so poorly optimized that the introduction mission gets averages 45fps and will occassionally spike to 75fps if youre lucky. Editing the configuration files and/or downloading optimization mods is a MUST if you want to use ENB mods. I sincerely hope Rockstar is reading this review because yall need to migrate ths shit to Steamworks and get all the performance  compatability issues ironed out.With all the solutions suggesting people to run the game in compatibility mode with Vista, you think this game was intended to be played on a toptier PC using Vista. I cant confirm, but if you still use Windows Vista, then more power to you. But if youre new to GTA 4 and you want the PC port to be the first experience of the game, tread with abosolute caution.