Criminals are an ugly, cowardly lot more worthy of pity and disdain than admiration. This is what youll learn playing through the singleplayer campaign in Rockstars Grand Theft Auto IV. The series cheered and criticized for glorifying violence has taken an unexpected turn its gone legit. Oh sure, youll still blow up cop cars, run down innocent civilians, bang hookers, assist drug dealers and lowlifes and do many, many other bad deeds, but at a cost to main character Niko Bellics very soul. GTA IV gives us characters and a world with a level of depth previously unseen in gaming and elevates its story from a mere shootemup to an Oscarcaliber drama. Every facet of Rockstars new masterpiece is worthy of applause.You play as Niko Bellic, an Eastern European attempting to escape his past and the horrors of the Bosnian war. He arrives in Liberty City to experience the American dream, only to discover his cousin, Roman, may have fibbed a bit in his tales of success. Starting from nothing, Niko makes a living as a killer and enforcer, a badforeigner who appears to have no morals. The longer we stay with Niko, the more we see that there is a broken human being inside, one who would give anything to escape the person he once was.Dont worry, GTAs famed overthetop action and tongueincheek humor are intact, but there is a new level of sophistication in the characters and the game world that raises the story above the norm. As Niko becomes mired in the death throes of American organized crime, he begins to become more selfaware. Nikos struggles with his ruthless nature never inhibit the gameplay, but instead enhance the emotional gravity of a brilliant storyline. The more absurd the action becomes, the greater we feel the very real pathos of Niko Bellic.Watch the people and youll witness some amazing things. At one point, I saw a woman stopped at a light, looking in the rearview mirror right before she was rearended by a man ogling a girl on the street. The man got out of his car and went to the woman, checking to see if she was okay. This had nothing to do with Niko or a single action I took. These were the citizens of Liberty City going about their day. And it was just one moment in a day full of incidents.For the first time in a GTA game, the story is actually a greater draw than city exploration. Thats not to say driving around the city hunting for Easter Eggs isnt enjoyable, but the story is so compelling, you may find yourself singularly focused till its conclusion. The wild cast of characters is part of the reason things are so entertaining. The voice acting is top notch and the characters are each immediately identifiable and unique.Past GTA titles have had mildtoserious framerate issues and technical glitches, because the games were trying to do far more than the PlayStation 2 could handle. While GTA IV is pushing the PS3 and 360 to the limit, it also runs amazingly well. Sure, there are framerate hitches here and there and particularly on 360 there is some texture popin, but it actually runs better than I expected. That a game with great AI, an awesome physics engine and a detailed open world runs so well and with such short load times is a technical marvel. For that, I can forgive framerate issues and some noticeable aliasing.There are more than a dozen multiplayer modes if you count team and freeforall variations. The breadandbutter of multiplayer is Free Mode. This is a norules game that drops you into Liberty City with up to 15 other people to do as you please. You can invent your own custom games, waste time shooting one another or explore the city. As with almost all of the multiplayer modes, there are loads of options for the match. Turn on cops and each player will get their own individual wanted level. Set the time of day, weather, flow of traffic, weapons available  theres very little you cant customize. Free Mode taps into the very core of GTA gameplay, which is to run around the city causing mayhem. Only now you can do it with 15 other likeminded individuals.