Looks like Rockstar and Microsoft have teamed up into making this game unplayable on contemporary machines the game isnt even 10 years old yet, and it doesnt work on a 2016 system.First it wants you to create an account at Rockstar. Tried to skip it but it wouldnt launch. Registered, but it fails authorization.Theres some guide somewhere that tells you to install some odd MS service called Windows Live Games Redistribute or something, and copy some xbox yes, xbox related files from WoW64 to System32. For some reason I went with all that, and managed to launch the game but it crashed and messed up the desktop resolution. Last time I saw a crash messing up my desktop was back in Windows 98SE.Now dont get me wrong, 98SE was a great OS  compared to 98 vanilla.After some more messing around I managed to finally launch the game properly. Got into main menu, adjusted settings, clicked Benchmark. Then it says I have to register in order to save my progress.So its not enough that Im registered on Steam, and not enough that Im registered on Rockstar without being able to authorize, now I also have to register at Windows Live Game Redistribute Runtime Environment Service.So I clicked  You instead.It froze. Tried to crash the game, but it completely locked up and I couldnt get a visual on the task manager.By the way, with all that mess Steam says I played the game for 32 minutes. That includes only the attempts to authorize, attempts to launch, and the time the game spent frozen. Doesnt include all the rest of the time.Ill give it some more effort, and I do hope I will manage to play the game because after playing every PC GTA from 1 to San Andreas Im sure Ill enjoy this one.Despite that, I wholeheartedly recommend to NOT PAY THEM FOR THIS GAME.Go play GTA 1 and 2 instead, which they actually bothered to rerelease for contemporary machines a few years ago and did a good job at it and even made them freeware.Wow Rockstar. Really ed up this one. And it aint even the game that is bad, just the wrapper. 