So i will tell you my opinion..I played all GTA, and i can say GTA 4 is one of the best of GTA serises.. Let me tell you whyI have on GTA 4 on CD version about 2,247hours and its still funOne of the best positive is on GTA 4 story mod, missions are very emotional and good, i can say its better story than GTA 5.. The ending of GTA 4 was very emotional with the music..Music is second positive on this game.. Perfect Soundtrack from GTA 4 side, for me its better than GTA 5 soundtrack.. In loading menu its very good theme song and in the missions its too good songs.The MP game can be for someone boring, because you cant do missions like in gta 5, but you can do another funny things.. Like searching secret car Sultan RS and then just ride around LC with good music on or just camp with your friend in multiplayer somewhere and just shot some helicopters from LCPD or just jump off the Empire State or go visit heart of Liberty City if you know where you can find it..Ok.. you cant buy clothes in MP like in GTA 5.. but you can do character with your favourite clothes and just tunning it with ranking up..But the most annoying is on GTA 4 Games for Windows Live... I have always problems with this thing. It ruined the game but you can overlook this epic fail.. Second negative is on this game optimalization.. On some places is the optimalization very awful.. but if you have good computer, you will see just a litle drop of FPS. I played this game on my old computer where ive played it on 800x600 all low on 20fps.. so ye.. prob you will run it without problems, but if you have same old pc like i had, you will see the horible optimalization on Liberty City bridge DSo this game maybe dont have so much option like GTA 5 but believe me, i can only recomend you this game..Comunity is much better than in GTA 5, nobody will kill you here just for fun and nobody will put a reward on your head D If you will find someone with Trainer, its fun, because they will build a ramp or do a airport party D not like in gta 5 where cheaters will switch on a godmode and kill other.. no here is fun..Sorry if you dont agree with me, its just my opinion and you can have your own and sorry for my english. 