I decided to test out a few minutes of the game to see its performance before I bought it with a bundle of gta games, since I have a fairly nice brand new gaming pc, and this game performed excellently for me. Almost jawdropping to see since ps3 days. I couldnt max out my draw distance and the clarity of items from an extremely far distance without huge bouts of lag. So if you want near perfectly maxed out gameplay, it may not be totally optimized. But WAY greater than any other itiration of the game performance is right here waiting for you. The optimization performed perfectly and smoothly, at high speeds and with multiple pursuing vehicles/helicopters. Cutscenes were great, gameplay perfect. Not a blemish for me.As far as the actual game, its a very serious take on The American Dream topical as all hell unfortunately, and in doing so we are thrust into the position of immigrant Niko Belic driven by revenge on a city spanning foray through the underbelly of society doing the only work he knows best. Along with your cousin Roman yes, sigh The Bowling Guy you meet a miriad of characters of all sorts with the only odd charm that Rockstar can give. In jumping the gauntlet from San Andreas to this, the small scale is made up for in great detail and incredibly refined mechanics keep this in mind anyone who wants to go back and replay the series after gta v.The driving is certainly.....interesting. Its a step down from V mechanically, but the incredible collision detection made its debut here and it never becomes uninteresting to see the sheer volume of markings your car carries with you after a Sunday drive through Liberty City.Radios are as incredible as always with perfect radio personalities to cater to the genre of each station. The satire is near endless in Liberty City, where every advertisement and tv show has some aspect of West Coast culture to rip apart. The immersion is never broken no matter how wild these satire moments become, it feels like a living breathing city.And while the story can be considered a negative for the series, I personally enjoyed the darker and more grounded story. I can completely understand missing the lunacy that could be found in previous entries and especially V Im looking at you psycho pee wee herman music using clowns.... However, having V with all of its zany antics and well developed moments, its nice to have IV feel unique in that its a much more weathered and harsh climate story wise.Also its insanely balls hitting walls fun. With the shooting mechanics in full overdrive along with the perfect ragdoll effects that I feel were best here than anywhere else in Rockstars games, you are guaranteed HILARIOUS moments when youre exploring and just messing around with the poor inhabitants of this psychopaths playground. While it conflicted with the story about a man who was trying to move past revenge and violence to then gun down three liberty cities worth of LCs finest, its never been an issue seperating my choices with the stories choices, and never felt odd because I retained the right to choose to or to not bludgen this mans head in the answer was always yes.If you cant tell, I thoroughly enjoy this gamePositivesStory took serious chances pun intended and payed off beautifullyThe city is immersive and fun, hours upon hours of time could be spent exploringMechanically perfect in most aspects of the gameWorks on must levels with high end computersNegativesShooting in cars enough saiddriving cars also enough saidany Auto part of this Grand Theft Auto game you get it,  these carsTechnically inferior to GTA V, can be hard for new comers after VCouldnt max out graphically 