Im lucky in that I didnt have the same problems everyone has been having while trying to run this game.The workaround that I stumbled across by accident was this.When I tried to run the game on steam it ran like turd and I couldnt change the graphics like most people. I then opened my Nvidia geforce experience as I have it set to auto optimise games. I checked it and saw that it was optimised and ran the game through the geforce experience and it ran perfectly to full specs. All i did then was set the frame limiter on to save the settings, exited the game and ran it through steam and it was running perfectly.I know this wont help everyone but I hope it helps some people.As for the game its just great. Its miles above the others with the exception of gta 5 but only very slightly in my opinion. The characters are interesting. The writing is good. The game actually feels a lot more real in terms of story compared to the previous titles and the voice acting just adds to that, its very well done. The stand out mission for me is definately the bank robbery. It kicksand just reminds me of the scene from heat. The humour is also still very much alive and well and you should definelty take the time to watch the tv shows as they are great. Kat williams also relating his jokes to liberty city I thought was a nice touch. The gun play is great, popping of headshots is very satisfyling and the driving is greatly improved.The only real downside is for people that wish to play the multiplayer as the rockstar social club is just broken but to me thats not a big deal as its not what this game was all about. Well actualy there was another. My game did crash a few times. I think maybe 6 in total over my period of play. It was kind of annoying but not a major issue with the exception of one time where it crashed my computer and made my speakers emit this annoying sound that had to be fixed by uninstalling my soundcard drivers and reinstalling them, but it was an easy fix. Speaking of which I dont think my soundcard and this game get on as you can hear pops in the sound now and again and once or twice my left speaker just stopped working till i exited the game and ran it again.It is definately worth getting providing you can get it to work, the new patch released yesterday might help some of you. Im not sure as I have been lucky enough to have it run before the patch. 