This has to be the most frustrated I have been trying to actually play a game, and the worst parrt is that there are no technical issues. I could not get this game running for years, after multiple times. The fix is kinda easy, I just had to install the cancer that is GFWL. I was willing to do that, I did that. I also ran into problems registering the CD key, turns out you need the hyphens, not a big deal. I guess it is kinda silly to not copy your key verbatim, Ill let that pass. I also made a Rockstar account in this time, becuase the game wouldnt boot without me installing extra software and I thought maybe playing online would fix it. Now finally, I get into the after a bit of BS. SWEET! This should be awesome, I love GTA. Wow, it looks really bad, why are the settings on ultra low? Well at least it seems pretty obvious how to change them... let me just slide this over... hmm... again?... Thats weird... Why everytime I change the settings do they instantly change back? I dont want to play at 640p... I cant change anything... Well whatever it doesnt really matter I just want to play the game I know it will be fun. Lets start the game!!! What is this? GFWL, oh yeah I had to go out of my way to install that so that the game would even boot. Oh, you want me to sign in? Id rather not, its been years at this point, and Ive only finally gotten into the game. Hmm? Are you saying that I cant save? Youre saying that I cannot play this singleplayer game, well I can play it, but Ill have to start over every time, unless I log into my GFWL account that I havent used in years, and never want to use? Well, maybe I could try? Oh this isnt the right password? Well you know what screw you and screw your game! I cant believe Ive owned this game for so damn long, and Ive never had the patience to actually sit down and put up with the t to play it. I cannot imagine any more frustrating of an experience. It is actually easier to pirate this game I bet, rather than buy it and play it on PC. This is a scam to be honest. The fact that I actually paid money for software that has done nothing but frustrate me really bothers me. I wish that Steam wouldnt sell games that dont work. I shouldnt have to install my own frameworks in order to play a AAA title. I shouldnt have to jump through hoops to be able to save in a singleplayer game. I hit Play Offline and this game has the audacity to ask me to sign into a service right after that. I should be able to actually change the settings in my game, not be tormented by a screen with all the option but none of them work. Terrible everything, least fun Ive had with any game really ever. 