Let me preface this review by saying there is a lot to like about Grand Theft Auto IV. Liberty City itself is lovingly rendered using pictures from the actual New York City to give it a great amount of authenticity despite the small size of the game world compared to actual NYC. The graphics look like they had quite high production values despite the poor nature of the PC port. The storyline of the game, revolving around Nico Bellic, a heavily accented immigrant/war veteran from Serbia who becomes involved in the criminal underworld as a hired gun, is extremely funny at times and shocking at others, and the weird cast of characters feels like it would be perfectly at home in NYC which Liberty City is based on.The driving physics feel great, as well as the destructibility of vehicles. And the city is peppered with different minigames and such, like bowling, pool, dating, etc.The amount of satire in the game is great and is definitely biting commentary on the modern day state of capitalism and the media. I found myself laughing out loud at all the faux websites.However, there is also a lot to dislike about the game, mainly revolving around the core gameplay. First of all, my main problem with the game, which basically ruins the game for me and caused me endless frustration, is that there are no checkpoints. If you die during a mission you have to repeat the entire mission, which is infuriating when you die from something stupid like, say, being hit from behind by a hidden attacker or dying from falling by accident, and are forced to repeat a half hour mission all over again. Not only that, but you will also lose the ammo, hospital fees, bulletproof vest, and you may even have to go eat to restore your health if you failed the mission for a reason other than dying.This is absolutely ridiculous game design. It is nothing more than a boring time sink that makes you repeat the easy stuff you did already like driving to the mission. People say that Dark Souls is masochism because it makes you repeat the level, but its not because the entire level is a test of skill. THIS is masochism  making you repeat utterly pointless stuff because of a single minor screwup.Second and relating to that is Nicos slow and ponderous movement speed. This often leads to you being unable to get into a vehicle fast enough to avoid being gunned down because the buttons decide to not respond. Or not being able to get behind cover fast enough and dying. Controls should always be responsive in a game as the number one rule, but GTA IVs are anything but. In a tense gunfight, you will find Nico dashing out everywhere as you attempt in vain to use the broken cover system, or staying in the open like an idiot while he tries to get into a car and getting shot to death.Often, the game makes enemies invincible despite the fact that you should be able to kill them easily, merely for the sake of forcing you into an on rails segment. The only thing more immersion breaking than running over innocent pedestrians, is the game visibly giving you the finger. Sorry pal, youre just too good for this game, so well cripple you on purpose.For a game called Grand Theft Auto its disappointing you cant save stolen cars like in Saints Row. You can only store them temporarily, and you cant use them to fast travel if you have one, you have to pay for a taxi instead, which makes no sense since you technically should be able to drive the car over. Actually driving to missions is more often than not a tedious exercise.The Helicopter controls are also terrible with the mouse. They seem to be inverted with no way to fix it, and they make no sense. Compared to helicopter controls in games like Battlefield, they are infuriating and can lead to repeating missions over and over.The game is also burdened by the awful Games for Windows Live which has not yet been removed from it and probably never will be. This in combination with the Rockstar Social Club causes not one but two extra layers of DRM. While being a Social Club member is not necessary to play the game, the Social Club launcher is not even integrated into the game, and is an annoying popup that requires you to manually login every time.So while GTA IV is a beautiful and funny game, it is not a particularly good game to actually play due to the lack of responsiveness of the controls and the large amount of tedious filler due to the lack of a checkpoint system except after finishing a mission. The amount of DRM included in the game is also massive and unnecessary, which is detrimental to the gameplay experience and was not patched out by Rockstar.