Very DisappointedTheyve messed up real life simulation and fun game play. The whole game feels like a drag. Emotionally unstable protagonist which most of the times does not represent what the player wants/feels. Storywise everything feels schemed. Majority of the characters are being killed/disposed off before you even know them. You play for around 20hours into the story to find out the real story behind it all, which in fact, is very poor. Thinking about spending time and building relationships/friendships? Absolute waste of time. Girlfriends are getting discarded like flies through Storytelling. Constant drama and personalfamily affairs are just horrible representation.Gamewise. Graphics are mediocre at best. Theyve pulled this strange, and rather unwanted, dirtbrown filter onto everything, to simulate a dirty real life? city. To say the least it all fails. The game was designed for a console. With limited resources and computational power in mind. And this version of the game in just a port, and a cheap one, they didnt even bother implementing antialiasing into the game. No matter that, knowing its 5years old game, and the availability of graphical enhancers around this is all semifixable, and can be disregarded by majority.Mechanics. The physics, AI, and other inner mechanics are very poor designed, if they were designed at all. Vehicle controls are as crappy as ever. Especially every other car that you arent driving. Motorcycles flying into the air like balloons on every impact. Inflammable cars with a touch of a finger. Cars no longer have fuel tanks apparently. You have to shoot the rims of the car for it to get a blazed and explode. Forget about flat tires. Firing at tires does nothing. Shoot the rims for effect. which goes in three stages apparently. Flat tire  broken rim  car in flames. No purchasable safehouses. No property ownership with benefits. Just story set crappy apartments forces upon you. I recall parachutes and jet packs in previous game installments, non of that here. No gang members recruitment. You cant call out for someone to help. Missions scripts are more broken than ever. Sometimes it feels like you have to perform brainsurgery operation to get in place for mission to progress.Overally. Having played Vice City, and getting very amazed back in the day, it was improved and topped up with creativity with San Andreas. But, as it seems, they decided to literally downgrade the game for reality feel. Theyve removed so much it is unbelievable this game was in production so long. No car customization, no garage, you cant call a ballet to bring you your car. Theyve spent so much time and effort into ragdoll simulation and animations things just fly by while you are trying to enter a vehicle. Muscle, stamina have been removed. Character customization is just nonexisting. You have Niko Bellic as he is. You can buy him a nice suit. Thats about it. The whole experience feels like stripped down game. It is rather ironic that throughout the game there are multiple references and mentioning of Vice City, and how much better things are there.Conclusion. This review is based on completing the game. I am not one of those who played couple of hours and made their conclusions. Being GTA fan for a decade it is really a shame that such a franchise ended up in such state. It is all down the hill from now on. I am really afraid even taking GTA5 in my hands. Thinking that it will be just like GTA4 with three Niko Bellics running around. Not recommended.