This game is such an amazing game. The world is very immersive and real. If this was remade exactly the same as it is with the only changes being the graphics, performance, and a few elements from gta 5, this is would be better than gta  5. I personally prefer this over gta 5 because its world is realistic and not total action filled. I feel like gta 5 was made to impress the younger audience that wont pay attention to its world because theyre busy shooting people. Anyway, lets stop comparing this to gta 5.The story is great. Its dark and sad so you develop emotion for the characters. Ive beat it 4 times on console. The world just seems more real, having economy and modern cars. This games combat is a nice focus on both melee and shooting. Civilians will try to fight you sometimes after youthem off. When youre in a said fight, an amazing melee combat engine allows for a realistic and better looking fight. The guns included in the game also seem like youd see them in real life, unlike a lot of the guns in gta 5. The game world is just overall great.The AI sometimes is not that great. Their driving is bad a lot and they try to overtake you at stoplights this can be fixed with mods The cops will follow you into sidewalk, plowing into civilians even. But, the AI can be super realistic sometimes too, like when you catch a cop by surprise and aim a gun at him. Hell pull his gun out but wont shoot until you shoot at him. They also try to arrest you instead of shooting you on sight. They even arrest civilians sometimes unline in gta 5 where they just gun them down and leave.The only thing wrong with the pc verison is the instability and the fact that the game uses Games For Windows Live. The problem with GFWL is that it no longer has servers so it is impossible to activate your game with it. Youll have to download and install a mod that removes GFWL. With this mod you can play singleplayer just fine, but cant play online. As Im typing this, steam says that theyre out of keys and are getting more. I assume that they are trying to fix this issue.If you can work around the GFWL thing, I definetly recommend this.