GRAND THEFT AUTO IVStepping off a boat in the shoes of illegal immigrant Niko Bellic as he arrives in Liberty City at the start of Grand Theft Auto IV, you can tell immediately that Rockstar Norths latest offering is something quite special. Yes, this is another GTA game in which youll likely spend the bulk of your time stealing cars and gunning down cops and criminals, but its also much more than that. GTAIV is a game with a compelling and nonlinear storyline, a game with a great protagonist who you cant help but like, and a game that boasts a plethora of online multiplayer features in addition to its lengthy story mode. Its not without some flaws, but GTAIV is undoubtedly the best Grand Theft Auto yet.One of the many things that set GTAIV apart from its predecessors is Liberty City, which is more convincing as a living, breathing urban environment than anything that youve seen in a game before, and bears little resemblance to its namesake in 2001s GTAIII. Libertys diverse population believably attempts to go about its daily business, seemingly unaware that several criminal factions are at war in the city. Niko has no such luck. Hes compelled to start working for one of the factions shortly after arriving, when he learns that his cousin Roman has some potentially fatal gambling debts. Nikos military experience makes him a useful freelancer for employers in the business of killing each other, and though his reluctance to carry out their orders is often apparent, he does whatever is asked of him in the hope that completing missions for other people will ultimately give him the means to complete his own.Actually, Niko doesnt have to do everything that is asked of him. On several occasions as you play through his story, youll be presented with decisions that afford you the option of doing what you think is right rather than blindly following instructions. You dont necessarily have to kill a target if he or she promises to disappear, but you have to weigh the risk of your employer finding out against the possibility that the person whose life you spare might prove useful later in the game, or even have work for you in the form of bonus missions. To say anything more specific on this subject would be to risk spoiling one of GTAIVs most interesting new features, but suffice it to say that every decision you make has consequences, and youll likely want to play through the game at least twice to see how the alternatives unfold.Grand Theft Auto IVs story mode can be beaten in less than 30 hours, and there are so many optional activities and side missions to take part in along the way that you can comfortably double that number if youre in no hurry. The majority of the story missions task you with making deliveries and/or killing people, and play out in much the same way as those in previous games. With that said, most of the missions are a lot easier this time around, partly because Niko is a more agile and efficient killer than any of his predecessors, and partly because the LCPD seemingly has better things to do than hunt down an illegal immigrant whos gunning down undesirables all over the city. Some of the more imaginative missions sprinkled throughout the story include a kidnapping, a bank heist, and a job interview. The cinematic cutscenes associated with story missions are superbly presented and are the sequences in which the games characters really shine. Without exception, the characters you encounter benefit from great animation, great voice work, and superbly expressive faces. Theyre not always so impressive when they join you on a mission and refuse to do what theyre supposed to for example, not following you on an escort mission, or failing to negotiate a doorway. Nevertheless, these problems are few and far between, and theyre made less painful by the new replay mission option that youre presented with whenever you fail.New abilities in Nikos arsenal include scaling fences and walls anywhere he can get a foothold, shimmying along ledges, and, most importantly, taking cover behind objects. The ability to stick close to walls, parked cars, and the like at the touch of a button makes GTAIVs gunplay a huge improvement over that in previous games, and, in tandem with the new targeting system, it also makes it a lot easier. Enemies are rarely smart enough to get to you while youre in cover, and given that you can lock your targeting reticle on to them even when theyre hidden, all you have to do is wait for them to poke their heads out and then pick them off with a minimum of effort. Locking on to enemies targets their torso by default, but you can use the right analog stick to finetune your aim and kill them more quickly with a headshot or two. Playing without using the lockon feature make things more difficult, but youll need to master the technique so that you can shoot blindly at enemies from positions of cover when you dare not poke your own head out to line up the shot.Given the amount of trouble that you get into as you play through the story mode, its inevitable that the police are going to get involved from time to time, even when their presence isnt a scripted feature of your mission. Liberty Citys boys in blue are quick to respond when you get flagged with a wanted level of between one and six stars, but theyre not nearly as tough to deal with as their counterparts in previous GTA games. They dont drive as quickly when pursuing you, they rarely bother to set up roadblocks, and youll need to blow up practically an entire city block before the FIB thats not a typo show up. Furthermore, youre given an unfair advantage in the form of your GPS system when youre not using it to plot a valid route to any waypoint of your choosing, it doubles as a kind of police scanner. Any time you have a brush with the law, the GPS shows you the exact locations of patrol cars and cops on foot in your area, and highlights the circular area centered on your last known whereabouts where theyre concentrating their search. To escape, all you need to do is move outside the circle and then avoid being seen for 10 seconds or so, which is often best achieved by finding a safe spot and just sitting there. Its not a bad system in theory, but in practice it makes dodging the law a little too easy, especially when your wanted level is low and the search area is small.If youre wondering about differences between the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 versions of Grand Theft Auto IV, the truth is that there arent many. The PS3 version can only be played after a mandatory install that takes around 10 minutes, and its load times are a little shorter and less frequent as a result. The visuals, which dont always hold up to close scrutiny but are impressive during typical gameplay, are comparable and feature the same quirks shadows that flicker, for example on both consoles. Likewise, the audio, which can take a lot of the credit for why Liberty City feels so alive, is exceptional regardless of which console you have and how many speakers its hooked up to. True to form, GTAIVs soundtrack has plenty of great licensed songs and, unlike other games we could mention, it doesnt force the artist and track information down your throat with popup windows that detract from gameplay. However, if you want that information, you can simply dial up a songrecognition service on your cell phone and, after a few seconds, receive it in a text message. Genius.The minor flaws that youll experience are no more difficult to overlook than those in previous GTA games, and theyre greatly outnumbered by the features that will impress and surprise you anytime you think youve already seen everything that the game has to offer. Theres lots to see in Liberty City, so youd best get started.