If youre looking for a cheap sandbox game where you can  around, sure. Otherwise, dont get it.First of all, the game has DRM. You have to install games for windows live but can skip making a rockstar social club account by checking local profile. Its annoying and its not going away. Installation issues are going to occur so keep that in mind.The main problem with the game is that there is just so much faffing about. Most of the missions that you are given contain driving  shooting up an army. This would be fine if either of these were enjoyable. The cars are trying to be more realistic and actually spin out so you cant go around corners fast. This isnt fun. Its annoying because of how much ing driving you do. Literally one of the missions is pick up a guy, drive halfway across the map, watch a cutscene, and drive back. The ? The shooting isnt good either. The controls and the cover system are floaty and mediocre respectively and it leaves a lot to be desired.The story of the game is all over the place. There are eccentric characters and situations mixed with the depressing Niko which clashes really hard. Its very inconsistent because the game tries to have character development and its really awkward along all the weird Also, it never feels like I got anywhere. At the beginning, you are an immigrant who is trying to make money in the world so it makes sense that you want a lot of money. However, when I have half a million in the bank, why is my character complaining about money problems? It never felt like he grew out of that phase and made it on his own.The game isnt a really good looker. The textures as muddy and the sound is OK. The cars sound like crap and the radio stations leave a lot to be desired. Another thing, there are characters introduced just to be killed off and you forget about all of them. I never remembered names and faces of anyone because they would most likely be out of the game in a bit. Also Also, the game has a random mechanic where you have to take friends out to do WHY? I get that it is trying to connect the player to the world but it is boring and you never talk to them during the date so its boring and unnecessary.The game isnt all bad. They try to make Niko interesting by giving him a backstory. However, its kind of boring and of my ending just ignored one of the antagonists. They actually have character growth and the choices you make affect that but there is just too much faffing around in the middle. There are glimpses of potential but really, it is very much lacking.If youre looking to blowup and have fun, go ahead. it usually goes on sale for 5 bucks. But if you want a good story, dont go looking here. Want to have fun? Go to Saints row instead. 