One of my favorite games of all time and my second favorite of the Grand Theft Auto series. Being the Sixth out of the main series of games including San Andreas and Vice City, Four brings a lot to the table. Lets start out with the main character. The main character of this game is Niko Bellic, an Eastern European man who has a nice accent and a cousin that really loves to do activities such as bowling, or darts. Personally the character, I think, in this game is the best out of the entire series. The reason I believe this is because Niko actually has some character arcs that really make you like the character, and it also goes more into the background of the character which you really didnt seem to get with the earlier titles but you end up getting later in the series. Main character gets a 10/10 from me personally. Now lets get into the story of the game. So the game starts you out as Niko you arrive in Liberty City, a play on New York that has been in previous titles of the series. Right as you get off of the boat you are introduced to Nikos cousin Roman, who likes to gamble and tell stories of how he has made it in America, and how he is living the American Dream. But not soon after you realise that he is actually living in this awful apartment in Hove Beach. Later on you meet a lot of people and the story ends up turning into a hunt for someone because they ratted you out, in a way, to your old enemies. Through this all though you will meet new great characters, kill a lot of cops and gangsters, and somehow through all of this still have time to go bowling with your cousin. Story gets a 9/10. Now to the make or break of this game for some people, the gameplay. The gunplay in this game is great being able to pick out a large array of different weapons and being able to use them in the situation it fits for. Thats the gunplay though, but now we have to get to the driving... The driving in this game, is nearly impossible. Going strait is really easy but when you are turning, you 100 of the time need to be using the hand break unless you are going 2 miles per hour. And the motorcycles for some reason whenever you attempt to turn at 20 MPH just turn 180s all the time. Now to be honest you most likely wont be flying a lot in this game or driving boats. But to be honest this game has better flying mechanics on keyboard than any other Grand Theft Auto games. Gameplay and Mechanics get an 8/10 from me. Now there arent really any bugs to go over unless you are intentionally going for them because they do a really good job getting rid of the bugs. Over all though for the price this game is, it is a definite buy I would say. Buy this game whenever because you arent wasting your time or money. The game all together gets a nice 9.5/10. 