If a game can keep your attention for 87 hours, either its doing something right or you truly have nothing better to spend your existence doing. GTA IV has always held my attention mostly because of the strangely addictive novelty of driving cars around a giant world  with pretty realisticfeeling physics and a lot of places to go and cutscenes to witness, no less. No, the game doesnt have the customizable conversation options of other open world games like Fallout or The Elder Scrolls  your player character Niko is outside your control as soon as you guide him into the yellow arrow that triggers computer controlled sequences  but you can overlook that because again the novelty of driving cars around a huge open world city. You can make it extra immersive by dutifully following traffic laws stopping at red lights, driving on the right side of the road like a dumbass, or you can just shoot down avenues crashing into everything, sending hapless pedestrians flying and rocketing off convenientlyplaced ramps into the river. Rockstar is highly aware of GTAs biggest selling point, its drivingaround mechanic, something that appeals at some sort of instinctual level to most people. Most people, playing GTA for the first time, go Wow this is so neat! The guns, explosions, and pedestrian homicide are nice little addons, but those arent why people flock to these games. Primarily... its because of the novelty of driving cars around a giant open world city.That should be old hat now, in a time where open world sandbox is its own genre, cars and all. But GTA just somehow does it better. You know in Watch Dogs how the physics just feel somehow off? How cars dont have the right weight to them, or they dont strafe right, or something? Well, GTA found a way to make driving feel weirdly natural  as natural as it could be, sitting at a computer pressing WASD. Sports cars have the right pep and lightness and trucks are sluggish and heavy. Every car in fact has its own specific acceleration and handling. It makes you want to seek out the sports cars not just because they look cool but because they actually drive so much better  and then you go and seek out the garbage trucks because, though they are completely horrible to drive, theyre a novelty and a nice change of pace puns. Even Niko comments on the horribleness of driving a garbage truck on one mission, right after the player realizes it.The campaign is all right, though after a while it gets samey, and by the 80th hour theres nothing but a tenuous thread holding you to the story if you can even remember whats happening, which I couldnt. The characters are better than you might expect from a game like this, but Rockstar has always been better than average with their writing  which isnt to say its great. Nikos weird desperation to be a good person clashes somewhat with his continuous involvement in mafia wars and drug dealings and you know, mowing down all those innocent bystanders. That said he somehow manages to be mostly likeable  at least to me. There are enough interesting side characters, notably Roman with his good naturedness ever notice his accent isnt 100 consistent though?, to keep you going, though most of them will disappear/be ignored by you in the later stages of the campaign until its down to just Roman and Jacob and your girlfriend if you decided to date someone.Considering its been one of my goto games for 4 years now and I still play it I would definitely recommend it. True that the campaign peters out and becomes quite shaky in places, and true that the novelty of driving cars around can wear off, it hasnt yet lost its appeal for me. I think Ill be coming back to this one for a while yet.