I bought and played this game for a little while about a year ago and a half ago. Decided to play it again because saw GTA5 was on sale on Steam this weekend and was thinking of buying it  but saw SO many BAD reviews about the game not working properly and the problems people had getting Rockstar to address the issues.Heres what happened when I tried to play GTA4 Game does not launch. Just downloaded again from Steam TODAY. The PlayOffline button gives a message that need to Sign into Rockstar Social Club to access extra featrues, online play, etc, and will not launch game. I dont care about online play, I dont want to play online.Because it did not launch, I log into the Rockstar Social Club. Can log into the Rockstar Social Club webiste no problem and view my account, BUT when try to launch game using those credentials, it says Social Club login failed.Went back to Social Club website to find support. They have an article for this EXACT issue receiving an Invalid Username/Password error and you are able to log in to the regular Social Club website without any problems. They say We have received an increase in reports starting around 10/4/15 about GTAIV PC Social Club login errors and are investigating the problem now. Please stay tuned to this page for updates. There are NO updates on the page about this issue. The post is dated 10/6/2015. It has been a YEAR and they have done NOTHING to fix it!I have downloaded the latest version. Installed patches, revalidated my email address, and changed/updated my password. EVERYTHING they suggest to do  but STILL cannot log into the game! I have wasted over an hour on troubleshooting not to mention how long it took to download everthing. This game is NOTHING more that a waste of time and money. Only a FOOL would purchase this game after reading this. BTW, read the Steam reveiws for GTA 5  same thing. A bunch of negative reviews about how you cannot play that game either.I have had a Steam account for years with 18 games currently. This is the ONLY time I have left a negative review. I ALMOST bought GTA5 this weekend because of the sale, but now am SOOOOOO glad I didnt. Rockstar will NEVER get another penny from me! I suggest you do the same!