One of the many things that set GTAIV apart from its predecessors is Liberty City, which is more convincing as a living, breathing urban environment than anything that youve seen in a game before, and bears little resemblance to its namesake in 2001s GTAIII. Libertys diverse population believably attempts to go about its daily business, seemingly unaware that several criminal factions are at war in the city. Niko has no such luck. Hes compelled to start working for one of the factions shortly after arriving, when he learns that his cousin Roman has some potentially fatal gambling debts. Nikos military experience makes him a useful freelancer for employers in the business of killing each other, and though his reluctance to carry out their orders is often apparent, he does whatever is asked of him in the hope that completing missions for other people will ultimately give him the means to complete his own.Actually, Niko doesnt have to do everything that is asked of him. On several occasions as you play through his story, youll be presented with decisions that afford you the option of doing what you think is right rather than blindly following instructions. You dont necessarily have to kill a target if he or she promises to disappear, but you have to weigh the risk of your employer finding out against the possibility that the person whose life you spare might prove useful later in the game, or even have work for you in the form of bonus missions. To say anything more specific on this subject would be to risk spoiling one of GTAIVs most interesting new features, but suffice it to say that every decision you make has consequences, and youll likely want to play through the game at least twice to see how the alternatives unfold.Grand Theft Auto IVs story mode can be beaten in less than 30 hours, and there are so many optional activities and side missions to take part in along the way that you can comfortably double that number if youre in no hurry. The majority of the story missions task you with making deliveries and/or killing people, and play out in much the same way as those in previous games. With that said, most of the missions are a lot easier this time around, partly because Niko is a more agile and efficient killer than any of his predecessors, and partly because the LCPD seemingly has better things to do than hunt down an illegal immigrant whos gunning down undesirables all over the city. Some of the more imaginative missions sprinkled throughout the story include a kidnapping, a bank heist, and a job interview. The cinematic cutscenes associated with story missions are superbly presented and are the sequences in which the games characters really shine. Without exception, the characters you encounter benefit from great animation, great voice work, and superbly expressive faces. Theyre not always so impressive when they join you on a mission and refuse to do what theyre supposed to for example, not following you on an escort mission, or failing to negotiate a doorway. Nevertheless, these problems are few and far between, and theyre made less painful by the new replay mission option that youre presented with whenever you fail.New abilities in Nikos arsenal include scaling fences and walls anywhere he can get a foothold, shimmying along ledges, and, most importantly, taking cover behind objects. The ability to stick close to walls, parked cars, and the like at the touch of a button makes GTAIVs gunplay a huge improvement over that in previous games, and, in tandem with the new targeting system, it also makes it a lot easier. Enemies are rarely smart enough to get to you while youre in cover, and given that you can lock your targeting reticle on to them even when theyre hidden, all you have to do is wait for them to poke their heads out and then pick them off with a minimum of effort. Locking on to enemies targets their torso by default, but you can use the right analog stick to finetune your aim and kill them more quickly with a headshot or two. Playing without using the lockon feature make things more difficult, but youll need to master the technique so that you can shoot blindly at enemies from positions of cover when you dare not poke your own head out to line up the shot.Given the amount of trouble that you get into as you play through the story mode, its inevitable that the police are going to get involved from time to time, even when their presence isnt a scripted feature of your mission. Liberty Citys boys in blue are quick to respond when you get flagged with a wanted level of between one and six stars, but theyre not nearly as tough to deal with as their counterparts in previous GTA games. They dont drive as quickly when pursuing you, they rarely bother to set up roadblocks, and youll need to blow up practically an entire city block before the FIB thats not a typo show up. Furthermore, youre given an unfair advantage in the form of your GPS system when youre not using it to plot a valid route to any waypoint of your choosing, it doubles as a kind of police scanner. Any time you have a brush with the law, the GPS shows you the exact locations of patrol cars and cops on foot in your area, and highlights the circular area centered on your last known whereabouts where theyre concentrating their search. To escape, all you need to do is move outside the circle and then avoid being seen for 10 seconds or so, which is often best achieved by finding a safe spot and just sitting there. Its not a bad system in theory, but in practice it makes dodging the law a little too easy, especially when your wanted level is low and the search area is small.When youre not running missions for criminals, taking part in street races, stealing cars to order, or randomly causing trouble, youll find that there are plenty of opportunities to unwind in Liberty City. Some of these optional activities offer tangible rewards that can prove useful in missions later on, whereas others are just a fun way to kill time and take in more of GTAIVs superb humor. For example, you can watch television, listen to numerous different radio stations, check out some genuinely funny shows including some bigname acts at cabaret and comedy clubs, and use a computer to surf the ingame Internet.GTAIVs Internet is filled with spoofs of all the kinds of Web sites that youd only ever look at accidentally or when you know theres no danger of getting caught. Some of them can be found only by clicking on links in spam emails, whereas others are advertised prominently on the search page. Theres plenty of amusing stuff to find if you spend some time in one of the TW Internet cafes, but the most interesting site by far is an online dating agency through which you can meet women who, if they like your profile, will agree to go on dates with you. Dating and socializing with friends is something you can spend as much or as little of your time doing as you like, and though the people you meet can occasionally be demanding to the point that they become irritating, keeping them happy invariably benefits you in some way.Keeping friends and dates happy means spending time with them and doing things that they enjoy, and all of them have different personalities. Some friends like to join you for minigames such as tenpin bowling, pool, or darts, whereas others prefer to go out for a meal, get drunk, or take in a show. Of course, dates are much fussier than regular friends, and their opinions of you are influenced not only by whether you pick them up on time, where you take them, and whether you try your luck when dropping them at home, but also by a number of much more subtle factors. Dates will comment on stuff like the car you drive, how you drive it, and the clothes you wear. Theyll even notice if you wear the same outfit two dates in a row, though not all of them will be bothered by it. The rewards that you get when another characte 