The worst GTA game Ive ever played.HUGE step forward from the previous title in terms of mechanics and such, but is it enough reason to put this game on every relevant toplist?Im just sad to see that a better, more realistic system seems to be more important in a video game these days than the actual enjoyablity. Unlike Vice city, or San Andreas, what GTA 4 has to offer is a completely gray city, with gray streets, gray buildings, gray waters i swear, even the parks look gray!, and gray characters, whom youd immediately forget, if it wasnt for the constant phone calls you recieve from them, asking you to hang out with them.The missions are pretty fun, but usually ruined by boring characters with accents, who seem to take everything seriously, instead of the fun, casual attitude which was so common in previous titles.The protagonist is an Eastern European immigrant, which would be all right for a secondary character, but oh my god, listening to his voice throughout the game... also, he always talks about his dark past, his pessimistic view on the future, which makes me sad just from playing the game. And Im an Eustern European, Im used to all this, so Ive no idea what people from other parts of the world are going through when playing this game. Maybe for them, its exotic. I dont know.So what made this game so popular?  the multiplayer.Which is no more. Well, officially, theres nothing wrong with it. You just cant play it whenever you want to. You try to log in to the Social Club and pray... sometimes it works... most of the time it doesnt...I played the campaign back when it came out, now I got the game when it was on sale, because a couple of riends and I decided to have fun in multiplayer GTA 5 wont run on my PC, thats why Im here. Turns out it was a waste of money.Even though I didnt like the campaign, someone might do, but keep in mind that this game has none of the magic of Vice City or SA.If youre interested in the MP, forget it, its not working. And believe me, its not because people are too stupid to use itas some reviews say... clicking the Log In button 20 times and failing, then trying again 5 minutes later and succeeding? You try telling people that its their fault.