The game itself is fine, but Rockstar seems to have completely rejected this game. As soon as you launch the game, you are prompted with a window asking you to log in to Rockstar Games Social Club. The problem is, it only succesfully logs you in half the time. I have searched for so many solutions and tried so many, yet none of them fully work. Rockstar Support has a page detailing how to fix it, but their solution hardly fixes the problem. All their fix does is removes the need to log in to Social Club to play the game. This may sound fine, but the thing is, you need to be logged in to Social Club to play online. Seeing as one of the selling points of this game is its multiplayer, doesnt it seem somewhat disingenuous of Rockstar to not include a fully functional multiplayer in the game, and instead encourage its players to play offline? At the end of the previously mentioned Rockstar support page, they commented We have received an increase in reports starting around 10/4/15 about GTAIV PC Social Club login errors and are investigating the problem now. Please stay tuned to this page for updates. Ok, so at least Rockstar is looking into it, right? Wrong. They added that to the article on 10/6/15. I gurantee you they could have had this bug fixed much sooner, and youd be a fool if you believed they were actually going to fix this. The worst part is, this isnt even scratching the surface of the problems with this game. To play online, youll also need a Games for Windows Live account. Figuring out how to create an account and log in to one in this game was one of the most annoying experiences Ive ever had in the menu of a game. I could go on about the problems with this game, but itll be much easier to summarize. If you only want to play the single player, you should probably buy this when its on sale. If you want to play the multiplayer, then youreout of luck. Rockstar has completely rejected this game, and youll be lucky if you manage to play a couple games of multiplayer. Id give this game a solid score if it was functional, but seeing as its completely broken, Id advise you to avoid wasting your money on it. 