Most of the reviews for this game seem to have been written shortly after the game came out, or after only playing the first portion of the game. Having finished it, heres my impressions TLDR This is about 10 of the game content as youll find in the two previous GTA games, and most of what is here is tedious and annoying.In the beginning, the game is fun. You drive around a little, and the  old cars you mostly find are hard to drive but thats normal for a GTA game. You unlock some new clothing options early on, and while they seem limited, it feels like the normal tutorialstyle starter shop that only has mostly undesirable stuff in it. After a while, your original people stop giving you missions and basically dissapear from the game unless you go do mini games with them.And thats when the game starts to fall apart.Basically, the game seems to want you to do minigame dates with the women and friend hang outs with the dudes. You can befriend several characters and do lots of boring, repetitive mini gamewith them. Sadly, this is mostly tedious, in large part because the above mentioned part where the cars handle likenever gets fixed. The entire game youll be fishtailing and losing control of every car you drive, never being able to turn when you need to and overturning when you least want to. Youll fight lots of mobsters, criminals, and cops in this game but the real enemy is the controls. This is compounded by the fact that the controls for moving NIco around often leave him unresponsive at the worst time, like when you are trying to escape a burning car. He will take his sweet ing time. He also likes to lie around on his face and get shot in the back by cops. Eastern Europe has some weird hobbies I guess.This might be forgivable if the main story didnt go off the rails about halfway through, where you spend a while getting to know a pretty interesting clan of criminal Irish including the sister, Kate, who Ill get to in a second. Things seem to be developing nicely with them, until suddenly you find yourself working for a long string of about 8 Italian randos who blur together to the point that I could not tell you which one was which, or why I was ever working for any of them. Nico constantly talks about needing money, but the best payouts are from the missions you do with the Irish. The italians mostly drag you through a series of increasingly stupid plans, most of which involve walking face first into obvious traps.Added on this, the dialog has no branching or control. You control executions only, and that only infrequently, and the only consequence of your choices except the last one is that you can get a generic side mission from people if you spare them.Like the game, this review is costing too much effort, so Im going to cut the budget and let it devolve into a series of bullet points, instead of putting careful thought into each one and fully developing them. Kate, the Irish sister, is a ing horrible girlfriend. She puts Nico firmly in the friend box and he refuses to accept this fact, always insisting shes going to turn around. There is one way to turn her around to actually getting serious, but if you go down that road she dies almost instantly in a random attack that you can never get payback for. Oh, and if you dont make the choice where she dies, then you get to watch Roman die. Frankly, she was stringing Nico along the whole time so hed sooth her lonliness, knowing the whole time that she was playing with his emotions, so I was happy to see her go. Nico is better off with hookers because, at least theyre honest. Every interesting character from the first part of the game is sidelined in the second part in favor of the blandest bunch of Italian shitbags youll ever meet. The voice acting for these guys is terrible, they obviously blew the budget on the dudes in the first half of the game. Unforgivable that the driving is so bad that youll end up taking taxis to almost every mission just to avoid it. The developers put a toll booth in the middle of some of the bridges in order to make you stop, pay the toll, then continue on. If you dont do that, you have to shake a 1 star wanted level. Either way, you have annoyance and inconvenience. Also, often missions force you to drive across the bridge over and over again. This isnt challenge, this is padding the game out with pointless and tedious obstacles. It is very much like the endless same road encounter from Far Cry 3. Nico is basically the errand  for every gangster in the city, but never ever rises to any power of his own. At no point is Nico giving orders outside of immediate life or death situations, at which point hes mostly shouting ineffectually for flavor. Sure, you dont takefrom people, unless they pay you, in which case youll suck anything they put in your path. At one point, Nico is double crossed. The guy who double crosses him then spends the rest of the game cropping up to  with him. At no point do you have the option to track this er down and execute him until the plot finally allows it, WAY later than Nico would have done considering how his character is portrayed. TLDR The first two hours of gameplay are worth about 5. Dont pay more than that for this game. Dont bother beating it, read the wikipedia page to get the details on what happens.