I RECOMMEND THE GAME GTA IVBUTNOT THE STEAM RELEASE!Got the GTA IV pack with the DLCs from a friend some years ago. I wasnt able to get the game to start then and quickly gave up trying. Even though people seem to have a problem with the game with Win10 Ive had the luck and pleasure to get the opposite effect somehow when it magically started recently and Im able to play the game as of now. Still Windows Games for Live or whats its called is utter crap. I had to create an account and fiddle a bit to be able to save the game FOR OFFLINE GAMEPLAY. But the game is running smoothly now and thats great.Its sad that the Steam version is terrible because the game is simply amazing! Not going to lie I was a bit skeptical to the GTA franchise before I got to play it but now afterwards I see that the controversy around it is unfair and blatantly simplistic. I would like to refer to Angry Joes review of GTA V, GTA is a hyper parody of the world we live in! Yes there are things that are ed up in this game, but the even more ed up thing is that this is a portrayal of the world we live in. The game isnt made for kids to go to strip clubs, its made for an audience that is capable to read between the lines so to speak. Even though I am not a believer of that games makes children evil. If people who are playing this game and doesnt see the social commentary, gamer or not, makes the parody of it all even more so beatiful. Successfully the game is very well made and Rockstar is taking account to detail. I love driving in around like a madman in Liverty City in a stolen car with the crazy and hilarious super rightwinged radio channel turned on while using Nikos phone, accidently driving over people and the cops doesnt care, unless I just so slighty touch their police car.There are more in depth reviews about the game already but overall I agree that its a very good and enjoyable game. I got so impressed so Im about to buy Rockstars next installment GTA V despite their latest multiplayer controversies and more. So as I see it YES the Steam release of GTA is terrible, its not a safe buy and is likely to be a waste of money. Rockstar should have just fixed this years ago and the game shouldnt be at sale at steam anymore. If you want, try to buy the game not through steam and support single player games or download the game for free on pirate.bay or another torrent site with good conscience because of their horrible steam release and Rockstar is a rich company with a lot of resources.