tldr With Gta 5 coming to PC soon, and other more recent and better alternatives available, only get Gta 4 when it is on sale and is cheaper. If you really insist on buying Gta 4, then get the complete edition which includes all the dlcs.Having played more recent open world games like Just Cause 2 and Saints Row 3 as well as older gta titles like San Andreas, i will compare Gta 4 against them and give my personal opinion.Missions Gta 4 has a servicable story, in which the main character Niko tries to adjust to the new environment and find himself in the middle of gang conflicts and trying to get revenge on those that wronged him. Mostly it is just boss X tells you to drive there and kill someone, but occasionally you will get to make decisions and it is often interesting how your choices turn out later ingame. For example, if you let someone live instead of killing him, later you may encounter him on the streets and get a side mission. There are also some side activities that you can do such as the vigilante missions and minigames.Graphics Unfortunately gta 4 is a poor pc port. It means that unless you have a powerful pc, there is no way for you to play this game with graphics settings beyond high without compromising performance. And without mods, gta 4 does not age very well. Everything is sort of bland and grey, and lighting, shaders and texture quality are not as good as recent titles. In comparison, recent games like Sleeping Dogs not only look better but also run smoother. I do welcome the dynamic shadows in gta 4 which adds realism.Environment Gta 4 is much smaller and less varied than its predecessor San Andreas and games like Just Cause 2. While in San Andreas you can find deserts, forests and cities, Gta 4 is only centered in Liberty City which is modeled after the New York City. This may not be bad however, as the city is very detailed, with believable citizens roaming the streets and plenty to see. Walking around the city, you can overhear conversations between people, and there are often some interesting incidents that happen such as policemen chasing a criminal or an overzealous pastor trying to spread his religion and people will cheer for you if you beat him up  . Some buildings can also be entered including internet cafes, strip club and a comedy club which features reallife comedians like Ricky Gervais.General gameplay Gta 4 is a step down in terms of gameplay compared to San Andreas and even Gta 3. Planes and parachutes are gone now so the only way to fly is using helicopters. Military base is also removed so soldiers are missing now. There is no tuning shops so you cannot modify cars anymore, while garages are replaced by car parks which are highly inadequate imo. Cars handle fine but helicopters are just difficult to fly compared to other games. This can be frustrating during certain missions when you are forced to pilot a helicopter and crash. In the end of the game you will become very rich with little things to buy and tiny apartments compared to San Andreas where you can own bungalows and big houses. Sometimes your companions can be annoying when they keep calling you to go out.Combat Cover mechanics are added as well as some basic melee combat system. However, both work really badly and respond poorly. Sometimes the cover system can get you in the wrong place and so you ending getting shot instead. Weapons are also limited, as interesting weapons like the minigun and katana have been removed.Others In Gta 4, you can surf the internet or watch TV, which both can be interesting to browse through. Soundtrack is pretty good to me, and the DJs often have interesting topics or jokes. Gta 4s only redeeming factor against more recent titles is its modability. Mods can range from simple skin changes to ENB graphics mods and scripts. But backup has to be done often as some mods can corrupt save games when not installed/uninstalled properly.