Grand Theft Auto or GTA for short is probably one of the most known titles while talking about games...I personally played every GTA game since GTA II and every one of them was something unique with decent story and some crazy missions...For a long time ive heard alot of praises for GTA IV while i had complete utter garbage PC but after i upgraded i was happy because i knew i could play GTA IV finally... but god how i got disappointed.... controls are complete garbage and made only for console users, otherwise if you cant affort console go and buy controller for pc because without it your gaming experience will be utter garbage..Ive had some opportunities to play it on my mates PS3 and god controlls are way easier to handle istead of keyboard  mouse which like i mentioned before are utter garbage.When first launched this game i already hit obscale.. it was called Games For Windows Live as without it you cant save your game progress which is total bs already. After passing that i finally started to play game itself. At first glance game looks nice, physics are kinda halfbut then feces hit a fan at such high speed that next time i noticed im already completely covered in them not to mention storm was just still brewing and about to go off..Game set completely max detail is not what i expected... Rendering is horrible and you can see stripes which you shouldnt even see on almost everything further away from you, sometimes world isint even completely loaded causing somewhat random freezes from 2 to 5 seconds. Sometimes its not that annoying but most of the time canyou off pretty fast.Another problem is that dumb ai.. especially ing roman and hes bowling.. getting chased with 5 starts he calls you and asks if you can go bowling with him while the chase is probably on the news, radio and ect..As i mentioned above stupid pc controlls are complete utter garbage which i never expected from Rockstar... Older games were quite good on PC and on console but these are unbearable.. turning camera with mouse most of the time turns too little or too much. Another horrible thing i noticed was that while driving car and making turn you can clearly as a day notice that camera isint centered on car while driving which is abit different story for console... Character movement is delayed and feels like hes either high or phlegmatic as he doesnt even move first second you press button s conunlike in older gta series which causes pretty lame aiming using mouse and most of the time wasting your bullets.Another loss for me is amount of different weaponry in game... There is almost no variety at all which is huge leap back from GTASA in which you had atleast 3 choises for every type of weapon.Huge bonus is probably Multiplayer but with pc its not good as controlls just blow unless youre using controller which is more fun using console. Its always fun to mess with you buddies, play already preset game modes like race, deathmatch or just free roam for teh lulz while butchering every single pig aka cop.Another nice bonus that you can mod it but only on pc. Its quite amusing blasting everything around you with rpg while youre random character from Toy Story, Vinnie Pooh or just simply Shrek.Story is not bad but not great.So on summary Multiplayer Mods Russian Radio kinda fan of few songs Half bad story but could been better Kinda large world to mess in Horrible or to be more accurate utter garbage mouse/keyboard controlls Rendering is terrible Choises of weaponry is limited Roman... Means of tranportation there are almost none of boats or planes/helicopters Most of the cops are made using stereotypes chubby with doughnut or cup of coffee in hand Terrible russian spelling Games for Windows Live without it you cant save your singleplayer progress Sometimes you cant even log into Rockstar Social Club which is required for multiplayer unless youre doing lan partyIf you get this on sale its not a big loss but i feel bad for ppl who paid full price for this huge letdown of the game 