Personal Rating 3 of 10This game is gorgeous looking even at todays standard. I remember owning a copy of this game back in the days but could not play it due to hardware requirement and was pretty hyped when I finally had the time to play it today. However I was left with a bland after taste as the game is missing its soul. Rockstar spent lots of resources on the graphics but neglected rest of the features in this game.Dont get me wrong as my low rating wasnt due to GFWL Games for Windows Live as most of the negative posts are, but due to the games lack of content. I signed in using my old GFWL account and got the game running without any problems. Ill briefly explain on what the game has and point out what else is missing.Great with very little reused models. The designers also placed alot of effort in designing the landscape as you can see the parks, roads and close to zero barren are which are all neatly decorated.A huge variety of vehicles to choose ranging from bikes, sedan cars, compact cars, MVPs, sport cars, helicopters and boats.Controls are smooth and I have no issues with the camera angle but there are times when you try to make a turn and the camera tends to tilt more than it should which gives you a false indication of the actual turning radius  and the camera ends up adjusting back and then you realise you should make a little more adjustment. Flying helicopters takes time to get used to but I would not say it is perfect.Radio stations had and always been on of the core mechanics of GTA games and you have even more stations to choose from which is nice. However, I tend to shut off the radio while driving because most of the songs not familair to me.Couple of hours into the game and Im bored. At first I was thinking perhaps it was due to tutorial that the missions are blant but as I carry on playing, I notice the missions are getting into gear standard gameplay difficulty and challenges and there is one major problem. All the mission are the same where you were ordered to go to some locations kill some random person sometimes a gang and wait up to see if the police turns up. YES! you see many police patrols the city but some mission even after knocking a bunch of people no police turns up because it is scripted. I cant differentiate if the mission was story or side mission anymore because none really seems to built up the story.Some mission allows you to make choices usually killing to freeing the culprit but it doesnt really affect the story. They just reappear as some random person in the city flagging you down and give you a short taxi or brawling mission with little rewards.GTA IV also feature a friend system where you can get associated with some people. Like dating but without the love interest, they will call you up time to time for a date where you need to do a DHL pickup and head out to do some activities together and then drop them off. Once you reached they reached a certain of like towards you, they will offer some minial services which you would even bother to care. Speaking of activities, you can play bowling, darts and pool with your dates but all these get bored quickly once you get a hang of it.Some friends do give you missions such as car theft, delivery and racing. As bored as it sounds, these activities are merely built in for content sake. No depth or whatsoever. Take racing for example make a call and choose a vehicle and get to the designated destination and all you see are a bunch of 4x4 while you are driving a sports car. The game does not restrict you on the category of the race which is stupid. Car theft mission requires you to steal a certain car and not model even though the exact model of the car is parked right in front of you. The mission requires you triggers it from a computer via email which is another useless feature in the game.Other activities such as crime fighting is no different than the generic missions where you go to a location and dispose of whoever is there.Extremely lame and boring. You are a gun for hire and basically would do anything if the price is right. Most of your employers are short lived. So short that it does not brings any huge impact to the game then along came another lame boring character, who gives you the similar repetitive missions again.GTA games are fun generally because it gives you too much freedom, mini games and doing stupid things which gives you optional perks and all these are removed from GTA IV! You can no longer purchase properties, modify cars when obviously there are such option as certain car models comes with it in game, territory takeover, hidden items or graffiti war. There are buildings with helipad and nice pool on the roof but there is absolutely zero purpose for that except for eye candy.When you see a car you like with the color of your choice, you take it but should you try to repair it, the game randomly changes the color. If you respray it, as it seems that the random color generator is broken, you keep getting the same color over and over again being white, red, grey and black. Around the city there are places which you may or eventually get as your home. There will be yellow boxes drawn by the road side to park your car should you decide to be a collector. But beware should you decide to take the car out for mission. Most of these mission will make these cars disappear as you cannot take it along. These cars will not respawn in your parking spot after the mission and its gone. The car spawn on the road system is the same as before where it will generally spawns the similar group of cars of the one you are driving. Example, if you are riding a bike, you will probably see 16 of them parking by the road side and the road are infested with them. But when you are trying to look for 1, well all the best!Minor bugs here and there but nothing major that will break the game but annoying nontheless such as texture tearing and wrong interaction when you clearly standing facing a car to steal but the character moved to the car behind instead.