I dont even write reviews, but this game does not work, and yes that does decrease the overall value of the game so all of you Rockstar drones can shut the  up. This game is trash. Youre argument can be compared to buying a car that was sold without wheels, Windows, Doors, and Engines, but was advertised as so. Yes the car may be great if it had those things but sadly it does not, thus making the car not a car but a platform for meteocricy and Laziness by the Producers of said car. And its not My responsibilty as the consumer to have to fix the multiple problems. Its not my responsibility to have to get the parts that were falsely advertised to me. Let me show you dumbasses how monetary transactionss work in the first world. A Producer creates a product, the product works and satisfies the demand of the consumer, then the consumer buys said product. How it doesnt work is the producer Lies about a product working and then sells it to the consumer, this is unnaceptable no matter the circumstances. This is called False advertisement and is Illegal. If the game does not work you dont sell it, or you inform the consumer of its inadequecies before the transaction is met, so that no party infracts on the trusted set properties of a wholesome transaction. its that simple. If I have a bike and the tire goes flat, I dont sell the bike as if it was new. I either decrease the market value to meet the standards of the present condition of the bike, or I dont ing sell it. it would be acceptable if they had a notice that the game may not work appropriately for some Devices LIKE EVERY OTHER ING GAME ON STEAM, BUT I GUESS THAT WOULD BE TOO MUCH TO ASK FOR. By the way none of the solutions work, not even taking working logs from other computers and pasting them into mine. The Xlive store wont even let me log in, even after creating different accounts, nor does the Rockstar client, or the Microsoft games client. Ive even messed around with multiple PC settings, tried running in in a Virtual Machine, tried using a Game VPN, Factory Restored my computer, Literally Nothing Works. SOUNDING A LITTLE BIT FISHY TO ME, SORTA AS IF YOU DONT WANT ME TO PLAY THE GAME. LIKE A SCAM. and offline mode wont allow me to EVEN PLAY OFFLINE, EVEN AFTER IVE ACTIVATED THE GAME. MY ACTIVATION, THE VERIFICATION OF MY PAYMENT WENT THROUGH FLAWLESSLY, WHY DOESNT MY LOG IN INFO?? WHY WOULD YOU FORCE ME TO GO THROUGH AN ANTEQUIATED CLIENT THAT DOESNT EVEN WORK. THIS IS LITERALLY STEP ONE IN CREATING A GAME, IS GOING THROUGH THE CLIENT AND YOU A MULTIBILLION DOLLAR COMPANY CANT EVEN DO THAT RIGHT FOR A GAME THAT CAME OUT ONLY 8 YEARS AGO! I can play Runescape Fine, and go through the client, I can even play offline games older than GTA 4 that have clients like Fallout 3 and get into the game. So why Cant I yours?You see this is why DRM is Stupid, this is why we dont incorporate 3rd party clients into our games, and this is why we have a refund system and no more Flash Sales and Weekly Sales. Which by the way were always Amazing. Its people like you that continue to put up with this crap, which is why Piracy is on the rise and more games are incorporating more of their  DLC, and are progressively becoming less intuitive and fun. Because I hate to break it to you but, no one i.e. the average consumer wants to put up with any more of this type of How steam is supposed to work is I buy it, it installs, and I play it. Simple, even the workshop incorporates this straightforward method of delivering services seemlessly. So why cant this game, produced by a multibillion dollar company? Its a rather easy fix. I played the game before the Rockstar client was even there, so dont tell me they cant get rid of it. They see that people cant play the game, honest people, that actually paid for their game with their hard earned money. But they dont give a .You are literally ing not just the Industry, but the economy by defending products that clearly dont work. You people that defend thismake me sick.In short just dont buy this game, its a good game if youre the obvious 10 of us that went through multiple strives and leaps and can miraculously get the er to work. But unfortunately for the majority of us the game is and will always be remembered as a Wasted 20 that couldve been spent towards 4 better games off steam that actually work properly, and doesnt run like an autistic horse with a broken leg. If youve already payed for it you have 2 weeks to refund it, because we have that now, because of the stupid people in the Customer Reviews that defend games that dont meet the standards or criteria of even the most fundamental consumers.Also Before the game stopped working after the forced upon Rockstar Patches, It still ran like I recomend just Pirating for Cracks that have Exploited any framerate issues. Also Itll just be alot easier and free, and better because youll actually get to play the game, while the ers at Rockstar wont be getting any money for their Scam. I mean their quote on quote game. 