Let me start by saying that Irecommend this game personally. However, this game is not necessarily meant for every player out there. When I had purchased the game I had no intention of playing the storyline and instead wanted to move directly to personal multiplayer with friends. After I bought the game I wanted to try it out just for fun and I might as well since usually games have a single player function for a reason.I was of course thrown into the very first driving sequence with was complimented by jerky controls, poorly lit streets, and the overall nagging tone of your cousin, Roman, who later goes on to consistently ask you about going bowling together. Besides the fact that the streets are laced with ice every time you take a stroll, the visuals were very indepth for an open world game aside from the occasional .jpg windows. Storyline begins to build up the more you play as it should, and you begin to feel a bit of connection with the characters that you meet. Each person seems to be realistic having set wants, needs, and different personalities that either make you love them or want to take them into your car and drive headfirst into a hotdog vendor.The missions are fun and always try to throw in something different with every new one that pops up from time to time. Simple missions liketurn intoWhile I full heartedlythis game I have plenty of reason why I also hate it at the same time. Slippery roads it really makes a difference Police seem to only care if they feel like it Police really love their vehicles so dont hit them... Ever Outlandishly difficult slaughter everything that moves missions Vehicle collision glitch Flying through the windshield seems to happen at random No perspective of what is what is right or wrong Which isnt necessarily a bad thing. My only concern was the fact that certain missions give you a choice in what to do, but the decision is hard to make seeing that everyone is this world is a jerkoff and youre basically a more brutal Jesus Christ.Overall, Id say if you havent played it before and youre interested in an abackwards world of rude police officers and downright hopeless humanity filled to the brim with full automatic weapons and glitchy but fun driving mechanics , then I would say this game is for you good fellow.