To avoid the intrusive GFWL crap if you only want to play singleplayer, simply click the highlighted local profile option when the GFWL menu pops up right after the game finishes installing. Its not complicated.Dont believe the bad press. Even before the rating plummeted because of Rockstars idiotic handling of the modding community As of this update, modding is perfectly legal this was the most divisive GTA game by far. I guess I have to pick a side, so since Ive never played V, Ill stick to comparing it to San Andreas, which most fans insist is a masterpiece...but without a doubt GTA IV is better. The mere thought of playing SA again should make you cringe. There. I said it.Theres a realism that make the games before look like dog. You no longer push vehicles around like theyre shopping carts just by brushing past them. Gamplay is more fun too. Theres no more random fistfights or incessant gang turf wars that make a third of the map better off avoided, and you can escape a flaming car when they overturn. The wanted system is thankfully overhauled too, as is the vigilante system. The missions feel like they were actually tested before being put into the game, unlike a lot of the missions from San Andreas.The mechanical improvements suprisingly still hold up, with some refinements that even GTA V fails miserably at, a fact people who trash IV go out of their way to ignore. Small differences like overhauled AI, pedestrian interactions, enterable buildings perfect for parking flaming dirtbikes, and parkour perfectly fits the grittier tone of this game. IMO a great open world isnt about having a giant map but depth. Sadly this is the one and only GTA game where you can knock a cell phone/cigarette/cup out of a pedestrians hand  hurl it at them, and then shove them down a staircase/ in front of a train/into a river. In truth, GTA Vs collision detection and police AI is an inexcusable step backward. Watch the YouTube videos if you dont believe me.The map is smaller than San Andreas and GTA V, but thats a good thing. SAs map, in retrospect, is a bloated, depopulated world that was filled with pointless trailer parks, soybean fields, barren deserts  forests, and miles and miles of highways in the middle of nowhere. A lot of cartoony elements and customization of the series is toned down or removed in IV, but so is a lot of the fat of its predecessor too. Flying prop planes was always the weakest aspect of the series, so it is pretty hard to care about it being excluded. If you want a mediocre flight sim with dumbeddown driving  fighting mechanics, buy GTA V.An average computer runs this okay, but dont expect 60 fps. This is poorly optimized for PC. Thats the only serious complaint I have. Its Rockstar, you can expect them to screw over PC users in some way. 