Its a pain in the a to get it working on a PC. I would stay away from the PC version at all cost if you have windows 10. Rockstar has no problem taking your money, but has no desire to patch their games to ensure they work. Seriously, this is getting out of hand. If it was a small studio, I would give them some leeway, but rockstar has made a fortune with the GTA series, the least they can do, is ensure their games on steam work with new hardware. If you must play the game on PC, here is some ways that might work for you.Tryand copy the content into your GTAIV folderIf that doesnt work, tryGives instructions on how to bypass SecuROMIf that doesnt work for you. Goto the sites below and just download a no DVD fixed EXE.W W W . G A M E C O P Y W O R L D . C O M Steam likes to remove this link.If that doesnt work. Try...1 Install the games2 Remove/install Games or Windows 3 Install the patches maybe useless at this time 4 Put the game launchers LaunchGTAIV/LaunchEFLC in compatibility mode Vista SP25 Use offline activations 6 Install the patches7 Remove compatibility mode by Regedit  HKEYLOCALMACHINESoftwareMicrosoftWindows NTCurrentVersionAppCompatFlagsLayers find GTA applications and remove the associated linesIf that doesnt work try1. Download software2. Start the game, click on desktop icon3. Steam will install necessary files like Direct X  Windows LIVE  Securom protection4. You will be asked to login to Rockstars Social Club, ignore this and exit / return to desktop5. Go to your steam game folder and rename the file paul.dll to paul.old, this way you willbe never prompted again to login to Rockstars Social Club. You also can delete this paul.dll filebut one never knows if a decent update appears and paul.dll is necessary again.6. As told in point 3, steam installed Windows LIVE but this is not supported anymore by Microsoftand you will need to have it installed to start the game. Install Games for windows Marketplace, see link7. Start the GTAIV again by clicking on the desktop icon.8. You will be asked to make an account on Windows Marketplace mail and password required, do so as it is needed to save the game and store achievements.9. You are also asked to submit the serial key number which is provided by steam.10. And to have a gamertag on Xbox live. If not create one mail and password required via starting the app Xbox in windows 10 after exiting the game. i guess this app is also available in win 7 / 8. If not, here to find11. And there you go with the game.....for the lucky ones.12. If you have a graphic card with more then 2GB memory, as I do, youre ingame graphic options are all set to minimum and can not be changed.13. Rightclick on GTA 4 under the Steam Library and select properties.14. Under the general tab, click the set launch options button.15. Enter the launch options you wish to apply be sure to separate each code with a space and click OK. For GTA 4 it is nomemrestrict norestrictions16. Close the games Properties window and launch the game.17. Now, you can set your graphic options to its max.If nothing works. Write a nasty letter to Rockstar asking why, with all their money, thay cant fix GTA IV to work on a modern PC. If you get no response, higher a lawyer and sue Rockstar for emotional distress. 