GTA was on sale, so I figured why not give it a try? I enjoyed Just Cause, etc. My expectations where extremely low I wanted to steal cars, shoot guns, cause mayhem. So I install and fire up the game, and what do I see? Make a rockstar account. I skip this because I hate creating accounts and have no intention of playing the multiplayer again all I want to do is steal cars, shoot guns, cause mayhem.The game starts with a menu. Ok, start a new game. Im treated to... illustrations of people. No text indicating if Im waiting for something to load or what. I press buttons. Eventually I stumble on the right button and actually start the game. Cutscenes. Ok. I eventually figure out how to skip those too. Fine. I get to drive a car. It handles ok I guess. I run some people over, crash into other cars, etc, but nobody seems to care. No mayhem. Also I didnt steal the car since the cousin guy gave it to me. I finally get into a house place with pinups on the walls and press F to save gameSo I do, expecting it to simply save the game to my hard drive. Why do I want to save the game, you ask, why is it important? Because I dont want to have to sit through the cutscenes again. I want to play a video game, not watch a movie. I also want to be able to save in a spot where I have lots of guns and/or cars or whatever. Saving the game is a feature that is important to me.But it wants a windows live games account thing. I dont play Xbox so I dont have one of these. So I have to make one, I suppose. After playing around with the link since the actual link that the browser opens into is broken and making an account, I wait. It took around 10 minutes for the confirmation email to arrive. Until I confirmed my account, I was unable to use the account to log into the game. Ok. So once I log in, it tells me that it needs to update windows live in order to log in. Which, it says, means restarting the game. So I need to update windows live 5 minutes and go through all of the cutscenes again thankfully skippable and nonmayhem driving portion this time I ran people over, etc, it was... mildly entertaining to drive three blocks in a nonstolen car and listen to mr unfunny NPC talk?, wait through some unskippable text, and get to bed again.I wish that was the end, but nope, it accepted the account that time but I didnt have an xbox live profile, and it gave me another broken link to set one up I had to hunt around on microsofts site to figure out how to set it up. So I finally got to the point where it would save, got out of bed, exited the house, and looked around for the car Id left, since the game told me it would still be there. But Id lost it and the UI didnt really tell me where it was. I tried to carjack someone but the NPCs ignored me. So my choices where to 1 run to the next mission objective and hope the NPC gives me a new car or a gun to steal one with and waste more ing time 2 sign, give up, write salty review on Steam 