Before trying the game myself I was optimistic and though that perhaps people just complain a bit too easily about drms and stuff. But when I installed and tried to play the game the ugly truth revealed to me The progress you have to go through to be able to play GTA IV was the worst drm bloatware online registeration bugfilled st that I can remember. To play the game you have to first notice you cant play without logging in but loggin with your valid user name and password fails. After a hour of googling and st you can start the game but notice that the game resolution is set to 800x600 and all other graphics settings are at the minimun. So you go to options to change that. Unforunately the game refuses to change any settings. So you end up googling again how to solve this problem. You find out that the game does not recognize more than 2gb ram so you have to use command line parameters to launch the game  something that Rockstar could have easily updated along the years.Edit I also want to give honorable mention to long unskippable parts like new game intro, which also cause your computer to go in sort of freeze state if try to close the game manually after accidentally pressing new game.Also, I want to give honorable mention to one of the worst menu navigation I have seen.Excluding above the game is great. Now I just have to keep my fingers crossed and hope the game starts again next time I decide to play it...Edit 12/2016 Apparently theres is new patch that is said to fix many issues mentioned above! Well I guess Steam didnt download it for me since options were still same cp they were before. I went to options to see what happens when I change resolution to something a bit lower and the screen mode changed to windowed and moved partly off screen. I didnt see all buttons so I accidentally started new game. Of couse you cant skip the into so I ended up alttabbing and tried to close the game manually. But hey, you dont mess with GTA, it messes your computer so that you cant close the game that just froze and you cant get back to Windows either.Oh, One more thing. When I launched to game today, GFWL installation screen popped up and the only option to choose was to uninstall it. I didnt uninstall it since I though it was still need to play the game. I dont know what that was about.Now should I change my review .. Huumm...Nope 