First  I suggest that you dont just buy GTA4 on its own, but that you get the full 3 games set of The Lost and The Damned TLaTD and The Ballad of Gay Tony TBoGT in addition to Nico Bellics epic GTA4 story line.Not only for me, but for many others, GTA4 remains one of the most iconic R games. A close second was GTA SA which dropped from my favour when GTA4 took the lead with its spectacular graphics at the time of release. Even now in comparison to GTA5  GTA IV is more atmospheric and has a special feel to it for me.Yes  GTA5 has better glossy and shiny new graphics, but that is not what is needed to create the atmosphere.In GTA4, R deliberately went for a grainy and grimey look and feel in order to get the atmosphere right. They really pulled that off I think.Also the storyline is much more logical, believable and more complex in GTA4 than it is in GTA5, especially when you play TLaTD and TBoGT, which are two extra separate full games that cross Nico Bellics story line several times, if you didnt already know!Of course you are not going to get any multiplayer not now after all this time, in GTA4. It did have / has a MP but it is mainly full of hackers and idiots who dont know how to play and have a good time except by destroying everyone elses game. Somewhat like what GTAO is getting like now unless you have your own server full of friends!  So, Im only talking about Single Player for GTA4 and the other two companion games.If you get all three  try playing a few missions of each game and keep switching between them. You will get to see the storyline cross over points better. Id say play 5 main story line missions in each and keep going round the three games like that.However, for the best appreciation, I did write an article on the best order to play the missions across each of the games so that it gave you a better story telling.. There are others who did this also. But look for a blog called NewGTAgame by Nico Bellic, Im sure you will find it.About My GTA4 Experience!I originally played the GTA4 Trilogy Disc Versions on xBox 360 and later got the disk versions for PC which were out before the DLC versions became available on STEAM.I played the s out of both xBox and PC versions, where I originally made a full series of videos on YT, years ago, that for no known reason, were suddenly deleted and forever destroyed by the YT Gods known as the Google! No correspondence entered into! One day you have a large metropolis of a YT channel, the next day you cannot sign in because your channel is gone!So, although you might only see a low play time here on STEAM, I can assure you that I know Liberty City better than I know the city I actually live in RT Real Time.