CONTAINS FEW SPOILERSYou maybe think why I have so few hours and I am writing review? Well, the anserw is, I had GTA IV on disc not in steam some time ago. I got 100 without any cheats but using guides. I have no idea where the disc is now, and I deleted all saved games on it to start game from beginning. I want to get 100 again but its realy hard. So, speaking about game. Most annoying part is making all the ing accounts, to play multiplayer and to get achievements. You need to make Xbox account, Microsoft account, Rockstar Social Games account,not so important, but you cannt play multiplayer and others. I have RSG account, but I forget my password D. About CD keys. know that many illegal gamers steal other gamers CD keys with some programms. Fortunately, my was not stolen. Yet. Thank God it worked. So have achievements. Well, I buyed GTA complete pack so together with Episode From Liberty City GTA IV DLC and EFLC didnt even asked me CD key. Strange.So, about storyline.Im gonna tell it in few words.After finishing the war in eastern Europe, war veteran, named Niko Bellic I think Serb, his real nationality is unknow arrived to Liberty City, wich is based on New York. One of the reasons was to see  his rich cousin, Roman Bellic, who wasnt so rich acctualy and lived in some small, dirty apartament and was gambler. Well, the second reason was to find men, who betrayed 15 people group in the war. Survived only 3 men  Niko, and two of his friends  Florian and Darko. Niko heard that one of them is living in Liberty City. So its second reason. Living in the Liberety City, Niko finds friends... and a lot, lot of enemies... Missions are very interesting and much  around 90. In some missions you can kill or spare people who you are after to kill, some of the spared people reapears as Random characters one of the side mission who then gives you some missions. In games end you have two diffrent endings  Revange and Deal. I both endings one of your close friends gets killed. In each ending, you kill your antagonist. I dont want to tell more about endings.This GTA game, in my opinion, have the best storyline then any other GTA games. Realy, it is.So, about gameplay.Well, I think GTA IV is the most realistic game Rockstar are created. Graphics are very cool and realictic. The map is pretty big. Not bigger then San Andreas 3D san andreas, not GTA 5, but a lot  bigger then GTA 3 Liberty City. There are 4 big islands  Broker/Dukes the same island, Bohan not so big Algonquin the biggest and Alderny. Story starts in Broker/Dukes. Bohan is unlocked from beginning, too. You can unlock Algonquin and Alderny doing storylie missions. There are pretty much enterable houses in Libert City. There are a lot of side missions, like chasing enemies with cop car know as Vigilant in 3D era. There are Taxi Driver, but you dont need to do it for 100 and you can do it only for Roman because he have cab office. You can get five diffrent friends trought storyline  Roman Bellic , Bruice Kibbutz, Little Jacob,  McReary, and Dwaine Forge optional. You can do some acctivities with them, such as playing bowling, pool, go to strip club, go eat, get drunk etc. You can also do these acctivities alone, if you want. Its realy hard to get 100 maybe because of collectables. Because collectables are 200 pigeons, and you need to find and shot them all.And trust me, this is not all I wanted to say. There are A LOT of things you can do. Buy this game and check by yourself.I will maybe write reviews about other GTA games too, also for GTA 5, when it will be on steam fall 2014, check if you want, so yeah... THIS IS NOT ALL. I realy recommend this game to anyone. 