If you had to make a list of GTA, Saints Row, and games of this nature, ordering them according to how much you enjoyed them, where would GTA 4 really sit? Many praise this game, yet fail to mention that all the GTA games before it and its successor are better games. And whats worse, it doesnt even really hold up to Saints Row 2 or other Sandbox style games like Arkham City or Assassins Creed. So why was this game so celebrated?First of all, the story overall is not very interesting. Tommy Verceti sorry if Im wrong in Vice City was a fun joke on the 80s and Scarface. Claude was an up and coming criminal with a lot of ambition and gall. CJ was a punk trying to establish himself and rebuild what was left of his past. Meanwhile, we have Nico, whos name I have to google. He leaves no lasting impressions and is bland as cardboard. They try to portray him as this caring and calm individual whos helping, but never seems to have any real morality in anything he does but still seems to hate what hes doing. Hes unrelatable and a lot less fun than his counterparts. I didnt play them much, but even the characters in the DLC for this game are better characters than Nico.Missions are also bland and not much fun. There doesnt seem to be the same level of diversity and creativity that went into creating the other games, and without DLC lacks the minigun and tank. Driving missions are instantly dragged down by bad driving mechanics Easily the worst of any game Ive played. Very little of what you do ties together at all, and while I appreciated the somewhat random nature of story progression these games are built on, this game simply feels aimless.Multiplayer lacked any kind of purpose or point, and the game devs saw fit to only leave guns out on the street, because lord forbid you hold yourself up in a building in a game without a goal and allows dirt bike riders to gun and run with the greatest of ease. The restrictions in multiplayer leave it as just an empty sandbox, which may explain the ongoing joy some players still get from this game.After several hours of gameplay, I really dont see what it is the community loved about this game. It doesnt hold up very well in general, and it falls vaslty short of its predecessors. With GTA 5 out, I dont know why anyone would waste a penny buying this game, other than some sort of nostalgic value.