Ok. This is going to be a totally honest review of this game. I am going to give my opinions after finishing the single player campaign so be weary for spoilers if you havent got round to playing this game yet. I have alot of history with GTA IV, Firstly it was probably my favourite game of the last generation Yes I enjoyed it more than 5 and I spent so many hours just messing around in free roam. When I played it on 360 I never really got into the campaign, Basically all I did was mess around so playing the game all the way through on pc was a new experience for me. Lets begin to recall the start of my time playing GTA IV...With this being the PC version of the game, their was obviously some problems to get the game running. Everyone knows at this point that Games for Windows LIVE is a dead service so if you came here for some insane GTA IV multiplayer then sadly this wont be your game anymore atleast But I wasnt here for the online feature, I was here to complete the story and enjoy some big american boobs xD. Little did i know the act of starting the game would take a little effort. When you click play it will open a small window advising you to log into the rockstar social club to access some online features, Knowing that GFWS was dead and the fact that I couldnt be bothered to find my social club login, I ignored this and clicked Play Offline The window then closed and...Nothing happened. I waited amd waited but GTA IV wouldnt open. I then went on youtube for 5 minutes downloaded a file from a video description, put it in the GTA IV directory and tried again. IT WORKED. Seriously EVERY review you see says something like Dont play cus it dont work. but I sorted it out in ten seconds on youtube. PLEASE PEOPLE ATLEAST TRY SOMETHING BEFORE REFUNDING! Anyway GFWL stuff aside. Lets get into the game. Niko Bellic an immigrant from Serbia is just getting off a boat to meet his cousin Roman who has been living is Liberty city for some time. His cousins drunk so Niko has to drive. STOP! This is the moment when millions of people round the world said Whats with the car controls?, Are they sliding on ice? DONT WORRY! The driving takes some getting used too but over time you will enjoy it as it really gives a satisfying sense of momentum. So yeah that explains stuff a little. Lets skip foreward so you dont have to hear the games whole story. Blah blah blah Niko wants revenge for someone who betrayed him in the serbian war blah blah blah. When Niko finds the guy to get revenge on you can choose to kill him or spare him. Your choice but I chose spare as roman said it was the right thing to do. Anyway i enjoyed the story. It didnt have the widest variety of missions but it was fun. Some highlights were Three Leaf Clover and A Dish Served Cold. I chose the revenge ending. Not spoling too much here On the revenge ending you get a mission called Out Of Commission MAKE SURE YOU READ THIS BEFORE YOU PLAY THIS MISSION!!! This is the final mission and it involves you chasing Pegorino through a ware house killing everyone. Eventually Pegorino makes it to a boat. Niko takes a bike and follows him across the shore. Soon, Roman and Little Jacob turn up in a helicopter to help. Niko then has to hit a ramp on his bike and grab onto the backup helicopter. THIS IS WHERE SOMETHING WENT WRONG. On screen is an instruction to tap SPACE repeatedly to climb onto the helicopter. Tapping space will change the camera angle and wont pull you up. Eventually you fall into the water and fail the mission. You then have to swin to land and replay the mission only to have the same thing happen. The fix is quite complicated and Im not gonna go into it. All you need to do is search up a tutorial on Youtube. You should eventually find a good one. Because of this problem I had to replay this mission Quite a long one BTW about 6 times with no refilling ammo. I was prepared to call my time with GTA IV enjoyable but this bug turned it into a moderate experience. Besides all the bugs and glitches, The game is still very fun and enjoyable to play. I recommend playing the console version for the main story and the PC version for dicking around and mods. Final Verdict 8/10. For crying out loud people do your research to fix common issues, dont just refund the game. Oh sorry Im getting a call from Roman, I think he wants to go bowling. Gotta go. Thanks for reading.