Im not quite sure what the hell the people that cant launch this game are talking about mine launches just fine using Windows 10. I reinstalled it just last week and have had zero issues. Getting a solid 4060 FPS with all settings maxed on a midrange gaming laptop. In fact, Ive never had issues with the old GFWL games people  about. If I recall correctly, all you need to do is download the newest GFWL client and create an offline account. For the people whos game suddenly stopped working after a recent update, Im suspecting most of them have mods installed and thats whats gumming up the works. Then there are bound to be a certain percentage of people that have technical problems running the game because thats just how PC gaming works...all games have that to a certain extent considering the vast array of hardware and OS versions in use.Regarding the game itself, IMO its the most underrated GTA game. I remember back in 2008, when it was launched, I built a brand new rig specifically for GTA IV. If you were playing it at the time youll remember that its launch was HORRID, with a average Amazon rating of about 1.5 stars. Peoples main complaints were the SecuROM DRM, and the fact that it ran like totalon even the best rigs. The rig I had built at the time was fairly highend and my FPS were in the teens. I was so annoyed that I stopped playing and didnt come back to it until last year. As I said in my opening paragraph, it runs just fine now about damn time.This is the transitional GTA game that improved the graphics dramatically and took on a darker tone. R have since gone on to make GTA V, which improves the graphics still but brings back some of that lighter, cartoony tone from the first few Open World GTA games.The gameplay and combat it greatly improved from the older games as well. Gunplay is now cover based, and feels much more accurate and refined. The driving is improved too, although many people complain that its too sluggish. Some cars will handle better than others, but the worst part about the driving is the camera and not the car handling itself. The camera is slow to adjust during turns, leaving you the responsibilty of doing so manually, which creates the illusion of sluggishness. I have come to love the driving in GTA IV personally.Is this better than GTA V? Not better, but just as good IMHO. The graphics and gameplay mechanics hold up to this day and its got some attention to detail that GTA V doesnt have. The Open World GTA games are all essentials, and GTA IV is certainly no exception. 