Grand Theft Auto IV is probably one of the best games on the market today, It takes the modern day version of New York City and makes it a very fun piece of entiertainment.Now Im not going to be like IGN and be like GTA IV is a piece of art, Best game ever, 12/10!!. It is a still a piece of art but even art can have problems.The graphics look good but it is very very grey and dull which is good considering the games moody setting but remember, this game came out in 2008, This was revolutionary for the time. The supporting cast is good, Roman is trying to make his life work, Brucie is just...well...excited, and Niko Belic himself can be an interesting main character but not my favorite. Combat is okay this time around, the new cover mechanic is good but is much better in something like GTA 5. Ordering food feels boring, In GTA San Andreas, You could buy different salads, burgers and would all have different effects. In GTA IV, all you can buy is a burger and a hot dog. Of course the driving is Important, Let me say this, The driving in GTA IV IS FKING HORRIBLE!!! Your car slides around like the wheels are made of butter and you end up just ramming into cars and street signs, Rockstar was trying to make the driving more realistic but in all games theres a border between Realistic and Goofy, Being super realisitic is in something like a Simulator or Arma. Something in between is in my opinion, GTA IIISan Andreas and Saints Row 12. Something completely wacky is Saints Row The Third.Another thing I dont like is the wanted system, First things first, Cops take waaay too many bullets. You could empty an entire machine gun clip in to the cops and they will not die, The SWAT teams Or N.O.O.S.E in GTA IV. are the ones that take a while to take down. Theres also no Military, Which is realistic considering that the city would never call the military to take down one guy, but it was funny to watch 6 tanks trying to kill CJ, Claude, and Tommy.Finally, the city feels very alive, Ambulances trying to rush to the scene resucing someone, Police officers chasing down other perps beside you, Plus the city looks great when you fly a helicopter over the Manhattan area seeing the Rotterdam Tower and the GetALife building. The game also parodies modern society in a lot of ways, Like Government agencies being very secretive, TV Shows like Republican Space Rangers and WEAZEL News, and how the american dream is dying off and how one person can get in a heap of trouble.Overall, This is a very good game. I could go on and on about what I like and what I think is just weird. I give it a 9/10. 