I picked up this game for 20 in the Steam store hoping for a good time, and that was exactly what I got. Grand Theft Auto IV is probably one of the most entertaining open world games that I, myself have ever played. Now, with that being said, I also havent played very many of these types of things.Its amazing what a thrill that driving around in a stolen station wagon as fast as you can with a 5star wanted level with the cops on yourcan be. Either that, or you could be just out on a Sunday drive with nothing to worry about. Do whatever, go nuts. Its your game. And the gamemodes are a different thing, oh man. So much.Well, now that Ive flattered GTA IV as much as I could, there are some huge drawbacks that I need to talk about.Lets start with the singleplayer story mode. While I admire the cultural diversity of the characters in the game, I cant understand Little Jacobs accent without having to use subtitles. Im playing a game, I dont want to have to read subtitles, sorry.Now onto the thing I was saving for last, ING MULTIPLAYER. Oh dear god, I have never had so many issues with trying to play in a multiplayer game. First off, Games For Windows Live is a ing nightmare. It took forever for me to even see the light of day in multiplayer mode, because Rockstar had to be a special little snowflake and use GFWL instead of Steam like everyone else. I understand the importance of collecting gamerscore while getting achievements, and infact I wish that Steam would start doing that too, but come on. Id only played the game for about an hour, and Id already found that GFWL was broken. I had to download the main GFWL client, then Windows Essentials, and then I had to delete xlive.dll from the game files. It made me tired. I dont want to play a game that makes me tired. But hey, at least they let you use your Xbox Live account, right? Hah.And then finally, the moment Ive been waiting for since the age of however old I was a week ago, I finally am able to join a multiplayer game. I was playing for about 10ish minutes and then I get a screen that says You were disconnected because your computer is running too slowly. What. My computer is fast as  Last time I checked, I was well over the reccomended quality and quantity of hard/software and and now this? My computers fine, jackass. But that wont stop the game from making me eat9,000 times in a row. How do I fix that? Its driving me insane. I even turned my graphical settings to the point where it feels like Im playing on the Dreamcast, and still nothing.Despite all that I said, this game is still very playable. I wish that I had the option to write a neutral review on this, because I recommend it but I also dont recommend it as well. Lets stop. 