I got this game on sale, it was only 6, which is awesome! I have it on Xbox but I wanted it on PC because its easier to install mods. First off, the download took ing hours, nearly 14 GB. Finally the in download finishes and I start the game. I have to creat accounts with like a billion different ing goddamn peice ofthings. Why the  do I need a goddamn ing Social Club account? Then I have to sign in with ing Windows Live Games which is ing stupid, they should not have done that stupid ing t. Okay I already have a Windows Live account, so I sign in with my info and then it tells me that it has to download the profile or some dumb crap. Okay, do your thing, Game, I just want to ing play. Sure, I could stay offline and play but then I CANT EVEN ING SAVE LIKE WHAT THE ACTUAL  COME ON! Okay after that, here comes up another message, saying that there is an update and if I decline to update I will be signed out. I accept, just please for the ing life of me I want to play this stupif ing game normally. The little progress bar just ing sits there. No progress what so ever. Then it tells me it cant download or some t and then tells me to check my internet connection. I open Chrome and go to sites like Facebook, Youtube, Reddit, and whatever else. Everything is ing fine. I go back to the game and it goes back to the original screen where it says something like, You arent signed in, if you want to save your game then sign in. I go through the process ALL OVER AGAIN, hoping it would work. Its an endless ing cycle. Okay, whatever, Ill play offline. I start out in Romans car, the frames are kind of low but Ive already fixed that issue kind of. I start driving, but the car is so ing stupid. It lags when you accelerate, its like it just drops from 50 mph to 30 mph in a second, and then goes back to 50 mph. What the ? Im running into problems with this goddamn game around every ing corner. I have a pretty decent PC too, its not a  little laptop. I have a desktop with an AMD A86500 3.5 GHz quadcore, 8GB of RAM, and like 4GB graphics but its integrated or some t. This is ing stupid. This game was made 6 goddamn ingshit  years ago and my computer, a recent HP Pavillion, is having problems with it. What the  is this bullcock? I just want to play the ing game and have fun and install mods and play with my friends. NONE OF THAT IS HAPPENING. Seriously, holy Jesus Christ on a stick. And no Roman, I dont want to go ing bowling you autistic retard. 