To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand GTA IV. The humour is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical physics most of the jokes will go over a typical viewers head. Theres also Niko Bellics nihilistic outlook, which is deftly woven into his characterisation his personal philosophy draws heavily from modern crime literature, for instance. The fans understand this stuff they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these jokes, to realise that theyre not just funny they say something deep about LIFE. As a consequence people who dislike GTA IV truly ARE idiots of course they wouldnt appreciate, for instance, the humour in Romans existential catchphrase Lets go bowling! which itself is a cryptic reference to Wii sports. Im smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as Pandemics genius wit unfolds itself on their screens. What fools.. how I pity them.And yes, by the way, i DO have a GTA IV tattoo. And no, you cannot see it. Its for the ladies eyes only and even then they have to demonstrate that theyre within 5 IQ points of my own preferably lower beforehand.THE Grand Theft AutoGrand Theft Auto IV..where to begin.This game honestly has to be my favourite game of alltheres alot of reasons why I think this game is a disc injected with liquid platinum.GameplayWhat makes GTA games great? Aside from the story See below,the franchise has become a titan in the gaming scene because of its addictive gameplay.If you are not completing story missions, you can roam around Liberty City.While doing this you can steal cars,aircraft,go on shoot outs,enjoy the many activities around the city or just screw around doing whatever you feel like doing.The reason I like this game best out of the franchise is because of how well the concept was executed.It captures the GTA feel, of being a criminal in a dark,unforgiving world but contrasts with the fun of messing around.The story SPOILERS,MATEYou are Niko Bellic,a offthe boat immigrant who is looking to flee is past life of war and despair and because his cousin claimed to be living it big.What he doesnt know is that he and his cousin get them involved with criminals,the government,the mafia and dangerous people who track him down.You make descisions to kill or free people, which can be kind of hard since it is usaually your friends.He is on the hunt for Darko Brevic,who killed 12 of his sqaud mates in the war.He does jobs for drug dealers,Russians,the mafia and a Irish crime family.Along the way quite early actually he meets Dimitri Rascalov,assistant of someone Niko works for.Little does he know he betrays him,destroying Niko and Romans houses,businesses and general lifestyle.Later on, he is contacted by the UL paper govornment blokes and is hired to kill terrorists and heat makers.After doing many jobs for the ULP and his friends,the ULP contact and a Mafia boss help Niko find Darko,where you can choose to kill him or let him live his painful life.Soon after,Niko attends Roman and his cab assistants wedding where,depending upon the players choice,Roman is shot and killed or Nikos Girlfriend is killed very sad scene   you then kill the mob boss or Dimitri,and Niko settles down and continues his life with his remaining friends.OverallThe best GTA game out there also one of the best games in general imo.You can clock over 1500 hours like me not on this account obviously,on xbox and previous account and still have fun. 