First of all, you may not agree with me or with everyone else who doesnt recommend this game. but not recommended review always try to be honest with everything in the game, not just Cousin! lets go bowling upvote.lets get started.my laptop spec is 8gigs ram, 2.4GHz i5, NVidia GT520M OC. I can play CSGO  Dota 2 for 5070 fps, Tomb Raider for 3040 fps, and many other at decent graphic and fps. Its old computer, I bought it in 2011.And if you think and I think too that maybe i can run this game for sure, my sysreq is good for GTA IV, youre totally wrong. this game is not optimized for PC, and you will have so many issues with this GTA IV PC version.the first of all is graphic issue, if you dont have a powerful machine, my suggestion is to skip this game. youll have a serious time about setting up graphic, tweaking your pc, defragment, playing with registry and many other files, just for to make this game playable. again, playable, not enjoyable.and like everyone else whining about the 3rd party drm, GFWL, i should too. GFWL will make you even have a hard time just to play this game. GFWL is not compatible with windows 8.1 and yes, CD KEY Invalid still here, steam isnt behind this, if you have problem with CDKEY you must contact GFWL just to activate it, kinda manually. I dont know why, but maybe just me. I install my GTA IV at my desktop PC via steam, just like many other games i have. and i cant login to my GFWL account, just for this game. Im searching this problem on google, said SecureROM is behind this. so apparently, steam will allow you to install game to any computer you have as long as you login with your account. but not with this GFWL, GFWL restrict me to have many copies of GTA IV at my own computers. dont make me mention that GFWL is ruining the online gameplay, yes, for now, you cant play online. if you just want to play singleplayer, well its not issues for you.Im not going to say that its not worth your money, 29.99 is worthed much for a good game like this. but what i want to say is, its not worth of your time, to think that i spend money for this game and what i want is just.. simplicity. click install, and play. but not with this game..