Everything good and fun about this game is also everything thats frustrating.The story is good. The combat is mostly fun. Free running is mostly fun. The jump and tackle/stab someone move is awesome. But almost all of those have very frustrating moments that get all the more frustrating the more they happen.Lockon is absolute crap. There was moments where I was trying to quickly assassinate someone with a throwing knife and ended up either missing or getting spotted before I could strike. To make matters worse, even if I was spotted but still close enough for a throwing knife kill, the game locks on the closest enemy to me.To enter combat, one must press R to enter combat mode read lock on to enemies. This is EXTREMELY frustrating when youre trying to quickly dispatch one or two enemies in your way before moving on when youre in group of five or more. There are also times youll think youre fighting only to realize the game didnt automatically enter combat mode for you. Its extremely inconsistent.When on ledges near enemies, there doesnt seem to be away to assassinate your enemy without first awkwardly jumping down and hoping he doesnt hear you unless you have throwing knives. I once had someone RIGHT in front of me but botched the stealth assassination because I was out of knives and couldnt do the jump wrist stab move.The assassination get repetitive after awhile. You do the same thing over and over. Get 3 sources of info, report back, assassinate. Get 3 sources of info, report back, assassinate. Et Cetera. The concept is cool, but gets less interesting each time.When given advice on where to investigate, the game doesnt seem to keep a log of the info the local bureau has given you. That never gets annoying. Plus, it seems from what Ive seen you must resynchronize every time your told to investiage the southeast or north or whatever. That or they expect you to immediately recognize or remember what a MiddleEastern hostpital looks like.Free running is super fun when it works. Its super frustrating when it doesnt. Altair might jump in the wrong direction, jump too far, not jump far enough, jump into a wall instead of an enemy, jump off a building, etc. This will ruin a lot of missions for you, or make them take longer.Also annoying is when drunk and crazy people in the streets push you into others and youre chased by the guards because of it.So yeah, as much as I hate certain parts of the game, I still recommend it. Just know what youre getting into.And heres hoping each future game gets better and better.Also, the game seems to run like crap on DX10 when there are more then 10 people in a crowd, the FPS drop like bombs. I had to open the Local Game Files or whatever Steam calls it to launch the DX9 version which runs a million times better also why Steam only shows me having played the game for about 1 1/2 hours. And its not because my PC cant handle the max graphics or anything. Its in the software. I can run BF4 on HighUltra settings with my current setup. 