You get to go around stabbin dudes in the throat. Sure theres more to it than that, but what else do you need, really?How about a great story with interesting characters? Would that entice you? Here we have Altair, an experienced assassin whos gotten a bit too big for his britches, so the leader of his order has decided to knock him down a few pegs. In order to get back in the good graces of his mentor and his colleagues, he has to go track down several targets by the book and get back in touch with his roots.But not all is as it seems . . . the morality of what he is doing begins to trouble Altair as he learns that his targets seem to be doing evil but also seem to have good intentions at heart. And signs begin to point to a larger plot threading these targets together, bigger stakes to be won. Eventually Altair has to learn what is going on, discover who he can really trust, and find a deeper understanding of himself and his creed.But hey, lets not downplay the throatstabbing! And the gutstabbing! And the knife throwing and the sword fighting and the many other ways there are to murderize your enemies. Plenty of running around on rooftops, jumping people while their backs are turned, and escaping into the crowd before the guards crack your skull open.There are a lot of great ideas in this game! Of course . . .. . . a lot of those ideas are not fully realized. The firstvery much feels like the testing ground for a lot of promising stuff, and sadly not all of it clicked right away. Many of the missions and submissions are interesting at first, but lack variation, gradually becoming dull through constant repetition. The combat can likewise become something of a chore, mostly just standing there waiting for your opponent to attack so you can counterattack, then waiting for the next opponent to attack so you can counterattack, ad nauseam. Fast travel hadnt been introduced yet, so just getting from the central hub to any of the destination cities could take a depressingly long time. Many of the stealth elements were handled in a very strange way . . . Altair can slowly plod around cities in full assassin regalia and a ton of weapons strapped to his bod, for example, and garner no attention whatsoever, but if he dares try to move even as fast as a somewhat brisk walk, the guards immediately sense hes up to no good and start viciously attacking.In short, AC is dragged down somewhat by its own carefully constructed drudgery.Now this may all sound like I went back and played this game after playing the others am thus judging it unfairly against the progress made by those that followed, but I must point out that this is not so! I started here and have been working my way through the series in order. These problems are all things I noticed my first time through, and I was pleasantly surprised to find afterward that the later installments fixed a lot of them. And despite all of that . . .. . . its still an immensely fun game to play! The greatness in the series overall is very easy to sense in this game because its extremely close to the surface. Unpolished, perhaps. Clunky, in a way. But still quite serviceable and attached to a very good story. Definitely worth buying and playing. 