TLDR? See ConclusionNote This being the first game in the franchise, I will review it as if the sequels did not exist.INTRODUCTIONAssassins Creed is the first title of the popular Ubisoft Franchise of the same name. It is a semisandbox, actionadventurestealth game set in the Holy Lands during the medieval period, more specifically, during the Crusades. It was originally released for the consoles back in 2007 with a PC release the following year.The game places you in the shoes of Desmond Miles who, using a machine called the Animus, accesses the genetic memory of his ancestor Altar IbnLaAhad in an attempt to retrace a series of events that would lead him to an unknown artifact called Piece of Eden. Journey across the war torn Holy Lands and watch history unfold as every action Altar makes, unravels another piece of a greater mystery and conspiracy that stretches across several generations.PROS Good Storytelling with a refreshing mix of historical, and scifi elements. Good combat, stealth and core gameplay mechanic Graphically beautiful despite its age at the time of this review World and level design are well done Beautiful atmospheric surroundings Lots of NPCs which make the Holy Land feel alive and immersive Interesting and memorable characters Good sound design and voice acting Top notch animation quality Large seminonlinear map to explore Target assassinations can be completed in several ways No Uplay account requirementCONS Combat becomes repetitive Counterattack can be seriously abused Not much to do outside the Animus while youre Desmond Miles Useless and unrewarding collectibles which results in...see next con Not much incentive to explore the vast game world No progression system to speak of not a lot of upgrades or weapon variation Master Assassin Altar cannot swim living in the desert is not an excuse Lepers and BeggarsCONCLUSIONAssassins Creed is a good game with a very interesting story which mixes together historical background and scifi elements. It has a vast atmospheric world and together with the beautiful graphics and sound design, makes for an enjoyable experience. I kinda wish they had more rewarding side missions though. Combat is fun, stealth is satisfying and the core mechanic, although it can feel repetitive at times, rarely gets boring.Overall its GOOD and a GOOD BUY. As it stands, buying the game at full price is not bad but since the game goes on sale frequently, I suggest waiting. Its a good game to have in your library as a collectors item if anything else.Like my Reviews? Follow my Curators Page 