Read down for why i do not recommend this game.This IS a great game. I remember watching a friend play almost all of this game when it was first released on xbox 360 and i remember how blown away i was by its fluid character movement through games open world something i had never seen before this game. The game had amazing music, sounds, world detail, combat, and story that made me very very hopeful for the future of gaming. I remember saying to my friend that it would be the most amazing thing after a few more installations of this IP how great it would be to have the games story move into the modern era with Desmond taking town to new templars. While i have not actually played the rest of the overkill that is AC annual releases it does not seem to have done this yet This game remains very good.HOWEVER!This is a Ubisoft Title and with that comes the 90 of the time fact that it will just not run on computers a few years newer than the game very well ie XIII  Beyond Good  EvilA few of things i ran into finally playing this game in the year 2015 and what i had to do to make it work for me.Absolutely no ingame overlays can exist it will just crash. raptr, steam overlay, caused ShadowPlay caused crashes for me. Shadow Play also caused graphical artifacts and sound distortion randomly. while having all of these turned off or disabled there were still time that game crashed but i was able to get past the title screenThe game will crash at random times when you complete certain actions like killing a templar in the game world because the game tries to connect to ubisoft server that does not exist anymore. Its recommended that you turn off the internet to computer you are playing it on but you can also use your firewall setup to block it.iirc correctly this game may have come out before the wireless xbox 360 setup was available for pc. I think it was patched in later in the version that you can buy on steam. So the game does see the wireless controller but by default it is setup incorrectly the triggers serve as camera movements left and right but are opposite. the colors of the buttons and on screen prompts are counter clockwise wrong by one position. this can all be fixed with a little bit of tinkering in the buggy options menu or in the ini files.not as important but still relevant. this is an open world game with  many thing to find and collect. two of which i found rather pointless. Flags  Templars. They serve no real purpose in the game. they existed on the console version for achievements and trophies that do not exist on the pc version at all steam or uplay. This is not a uplay game just fyi it was long before it existed and was never incorporated. but anyways while i am usually one to take my time and find all of the things in games this game gave me no motivation to do so, neither achievements or in game unlockablesthe actual controls and character movements now feel very tank like. a sort of inbetween modern 3rd person games and classic tomb raider for lack of better comparison.In conclusion This IS a great game and it is very fun but it was not made to be future proof. It takes a good bit of work to enjoy. I cant recommend it on modern systems but if you are willing to do the work get it running it is a lot of fun perhaps mostly nostalgia. 