For an almost 10 year old game it still holds up to this day and is definitely worth picking up if youve never played an Assassins Creed game before.The game tells a story of Desmond Miles  a descendant of Assassins  a secret organisation fighting with Templars. While Assassins strive to preserve freedom  Templars seek to control people. Desmond who lives in modern times is put by Templars into Animus with which he can access genetic memories of his ancestors and relives the events happening in the third crusade times.The game is very atmospheric. The cities you visit during the game are big and extremely atmospheric. It really does feel like a crusader movie. The movement  ability to climb any building, run on the rooftops is very well done. The whole scope of the game does look impress. For the times this was released it is very impressive. Even today it still looks very good and holds its own.During the game you will kill a number of templars. And while all the tools seem to be present the game feels a bit repetitive. Each mission follows pretty much the same schematic  follow someone and eavesdrop on conversation to learn something, beat someone up, pickpocket someone else. In the end it does not affect the main mission much though. With additional Ubisoft dis tractors  climbing towers to reveal map and so on its a completionist nightmare. Even more so that the side missions are even more repetitive than the core plot. The main missions at least vary from each other and are really fun to do.The strength of this game lies within stealth. Blending with the crowd, picking routes to avoid detection to deal the final blow. When executed properly its really satisfying. The combat is a bit too easy. All you have to do is wait for a queue to counter and you can fight off a hundred men.The only problem I had was with an XBox controller which for some reason does not work well with the PC version of the game. And some keys are bound in a strange way without ability to rebind them. Even using community fixes I couldnt get it to work exactly as it should.The whole story of Desmond Miles is a bit weak  and personally I would prefer for it to be strictly about Altair.Overall the game still holds up  worth picking up and playing through.