The first game in the Assassins Creed series is the game you should either start the series with, or go into with lower expectations. Thats not to say this game is bad, its just one that has sequals which far exceed the original.Advertising itself as a nextgen beginning of Xbox 360/PS3 era game, in retrospect this game definitely looks emphasis on the looks that way. Set in the 12th century during the Third Crusade, AC1 tells the tale of an underground battle between two opposing factions that has gone on since the begginnings of our species, and you play as Altair, a member of the Assassin Order. The plot is not the most exciting part of the game, but the ideas about human nature were enough to keep me interested into it to a certain extent. The characters are forgetable, besides our protagonist. Altair is a rather brash Assassin who fails a mission in the opening act of the game, and this game details his journey to get back to his previous rank within the Assassin Order. Besides the out of place American accent ugh, Altair is a rather badass and interesting protagonist who keeps the plot afloat.On the other hand, the world which the game is sent in is rich and engrossing. The graphical quality greatly reflects the world of the Crusade, and cities are full of NPCs which go about on their day. The sheer size of the maps will surely impress if this is your first AC game. Immersion is also something this game nails on the head, despite its numerous flaws. The soundtrack may not be entirely memorable, but it nonetheless fits the game extremly well. Voice work minus Altair is definitely of a high quality and fits in as well. However, do not look to this game as a history lesson that is 11 with reality. This game does take history and makes it fit into a video game, and isnt entirely accurate which the game acknowledges.This goes into a part of the game that is really up to opinion when it comes to the story Youre actually reliving the memories Altair, who is the ancestor of our true protagonist Desmond. Here you meet Lucy and Videc, one of which is a rather bland assistant character, while the other is an evil scientist. While these characters came across as rather boring to me, Desmonds character really makes them seem like works out of Shakespear. Desmond is an EXTREMLY bland character, and one that I honestly didnt care about. The game pulls your out of the Animus the device used to relive memories after every chapter, and these segmants are real pacebrakers, despite some interesting conversations between Desmond and Videc here and there.Another issue I have withe the games story is how abrupt the ending is, and a plotpoint that comes up near the end of the game without explanation and just feels like its there to break immersion and be picked up later on. While I wont go into details, the game definitely makes it feel as if it NEEDS to have a sequal, whether you as the player likes it or not.While it may seem as if I hate this game, I must say I actually did have an enjoyable experience with the gameplay. Sure, the game is repititive with the same objective structure being true for 85 or so of the game Complete 3 missions, and assassinite your target. While this may definitely be a problem for some, the gameplay does work quite well to break this problem apart.A staple of Assassins Creed is its parkour and stealth mechanics, and both are present and enjoyable to do here. Soaring across the games three cities is enjoyable, and stealth can be very rewarding in the game as it is quite difficult to pull off compared to the sequals. Combat is also very rich, and has many sides to it even though it becomes pathetically easy with counters. You can dodge, block, grab, and slash at your opponents with various tools at your disposal a sword, a shortsword, throwing knives, and the iconic hidden blade and also your fists, of course.The objectives your are required to complete before assassinations are quite repepitive however, and may be something you may not enjoy. I personally found informer challaneges to be very tricky, while pickpockets and interrogations were far too easy. And eavesdropping is... well... sitting on a bench, and thats that. Assassinations are, however, very enjoyable and can be done in a variety of manners, and are followed by extremly intense escpae sequences that will keep you on your toes.While there are some optional activities saving civilians, collectathons, and scaling every viewpoint, the game doesnt offer too much else. and is purely an action adventure game rather than an RPG like its sequals. This is why Assassins Creed is honestly a game that doesnt have too much replay value, even though the adventure is about 15 hours and is overall enjoyable, if not repitive for 85 of the journey and telling of a story that isnt too memorbale, despite the immersive world presented. 20 may be a bit too much for how shallow AC1 is and considering you can buy the more polished sequals for the same price, and if youre curious I would advice that you wait for this to go on sale and to have an open mind. However, the game should keep you entertained enough to be interested in AC2, which is definitely a GOOD thing.Overall, AC1 is a decent first game into the AC franchise, and one you should approach with some caution, and avoid if youve played the other AC games unless youre extremly curious. I would give this game an overall 7/10, however if I had to take replayability into account its definitely a 6/10. 