Assassins Creed. Its been 10 years since this game came out.. Ive played it and replayed it over and over since 2012 and its still one of my favourite Assassins Creed games. But my views back then were different because there were only like... 5 main games. So what do I think now? well...StoryIt starts off with Altair recovering an ancient artefact from Solomons Temple. However, he manages to break 3 tenants of the creed. Once he returns with the artefact, the Templars track him down and kill the civillians and other assassins who live in the assassin HQ, Masyaf Castle. Everyone blames Altair for bringing them there so Al Mualim demotes Altair to a novice rank and makes him find and kill 9 templars who are trying to ensure the 3rd crusade continues. Altair kills all 9 but then the leader, Robert de Sable confesses it was actually Al Mualim who wanted to use the artefact to bring new world order. Altair then kills Al Mualim aaaand the rest is for Assassins Creed Revelations.Also theres a modern story with Desmond Miles but... not much to talk about.GameplayThe gameplay in this game is probably the weirdest to talk about. Its not great, because the games that came after were far better but its definitely not the worst. Honestly, I think this game got 1 very important thing right STEALTH. Stealth is what Assassins Creed is about and it seems only this game can do it properly. The fighting is a little bit clunky at times but definitely not as easy as the likes of 3, Black Flag or Rogue. Its only when I played it on PC that I managed to figure out that sometimes if you counter then quickly press X, you can finish them off while theyre recovering. I also like how the side missions end up helping you in the actual assassination mission. It suprisingly becomes easier, plus itll tell you what you should do.Assassination missionsTamir Definitely the easiest. Just walk up to him and stab himGarnier de Naplouse Make sure to stab him when hes talking to a patient. Otherwise hell become Yoda and detect you while youre behind him.Talal He just runs away... hold sprint and then stab him ..Abul Nuqoud Fat er runs away and jesus christ hes like Dr Eggman in Sonic 2... faster than someone who should probably be the fastest.William of Montferrat One of the best targets to kill. Running around in a fortress trying to not get detected... niiiceMajd Addin He looks like Bin Laden. And theres a bunch of soldiers trying to kill you. Also quite fun.Sibrand The worst ing target ever. Hes on a boat and you need to jump on ing platforms to try and get to him. Dont get detected or hell run away. Mistime a jump, youre falling into the water and dying. Ive played this game like 5 times and every time, this mission s me over.  it and  Sibrand.Jubair This one is just... annoying. Theres like 7 different people you need to kill and you need to find which one is the real Jubair.Robert de Sable I used to find this one the most tedious. Both versions btw. In Jerusalem and Arsuf. But now that I basically know all the things you can do with the combat, I pretty much got past it in under an hour. I actually find it quite fun now. Cutting through a bunch of Crusaders and Saracens. Its good.Rashid adDin Sinan Al Mualim Very underwhelming... although I do like the fight, it could have been so much better.Music The music in this game is really good. Very mysterious n Not as good as 2, Brotherhood or 3 but still good. Jesper Kyd never fails.Overall The game is still good and honestly, if Ubisoft made an updated texture pack for the PC version like they did with Watch Dogs 2, Id be okay with that. I wouldnt mind a HD remaster either but as long as they show this game some love since its the 10th anniversary... then anything is fine with me. The game can be repetitive in terms of structure, but its still fun and definitely worth trying out.