The original Assassins Creed game is what started a franchise that can be recognized almost anywhere. I honsetly believe it was this game that served as the catalyst to boost Ubisoft Montreal into creating the multiple other AC games.I wanted to include my own story overview, because in my opinion youll want to play this game because of the gameplay Parkour, Freerunning, Combat first and the storyline second. This isnt because I thought the story was bad it is just the least interesting in the series. However this story was what started the Assassins Creed lore and, well, Creed.You start off by waking up inside a machine known as The Animus, a device developed by a company called Abstergo. To be more clear you are Desmond Miles, a young man who claims to be a bartender. Abstergo kidnapped Desmond as a means to probe him with the Animus to recover memories of his ancestors, which would lead them to something something of value that was lost to time as Assassins Creed I is set during the Crusades, in 1191 AD. Once inside the Animus, you play as Altair, a master Assassin who loses everything he built up in the Brotherhood by breaking key Tenents set by the Orders leader, Al Maulim, and Assassins from a previous age. Abstergo follows the memories of Altair, searching for a device created by unknown people speculated to be supernatural beings that has the ability to control the minds of others. Towards the middle of the story Desmond realizes what is happening, that the company called Abstergo is actully run by Templar Knights, who are still bent on ending the war waged by Assassins and Templars, even after a thousand years, by using the Apple as the mindcontrol device is called.So does Desmond or Altair do something about it? Youll have to buy this game and play it to find out.Beyond Story, this game has very nice gameplay and graphics for a game made in 20072008. I can still consider it a Next Gen game, as the details and cinematics are very well done. This game isnt seamless, as you have to load every time you change locations thats another thing While this game is tagged as Open World, the game is devised to give you the first few levels complete control over where you go. After this, you can quickly travel between the main cities in the game Masyaf, Acre, Jerusalem, and Damascus. The area in between these places is called Kingdom on the map. You can always travel through Kingdom, but you always have the option to teleport to the cities outskirts after you return to Al Maulim at Masyaf. This game, in this case, becomes both Open World, and Linear. But because this is a small detail, it doesnt really add up as a problem ingame.Parkour is always fun in AC, as you can freerun up any place so long as there are handholds of ledges to hold onto. The games Leap of Faith idea wasnt bad, but it makes the game seem unrealistic in my opinion, not that this game should sound real at all. Basically a Leap of Faith is when you climb up onto a veiwpoint, spy your surroundngs, then leap down into a nearby haystack. Its a very fun feature, but looks very impossible. Ignoring the aesthetics of the Leap of Faith, its a great way to get players to explore without feeling rushed. You dont just walk around and unlock map bits. You have to climb up and look around to know where to go. This is also great because you dont complete missions if you dont explore you have to complete three sidequests before the target is avaliable to kill. So viewpoints and Leaps of Faith are very much gameplay wise critical.Ive played Assassins Creed through once now. It can go quick if you want it to, or rush through it to do the most important thing you can possibly do once you complete AC1 play the next game.I give this game a 8/10, because its fun to play, but just ends too quickly! 