This first entry to the extensive Assassins Creed franchise how many of those games are there now? still holds up well to today standards graphic and gameplaywise. While I encountered some weird glitches from times to times, those were more of the funny kind guards walking on walls, citizens spawning out of nowhere in the middle of the street... and I didnt encounter anything gamebreaking.The layout for each city is amazing and its really fun to roam the streets and navigate the rooftops. Likewise, gameplay for both parkour and combat is fairly solid despite a few hiccups here and there.This game, however, isnt without its flaws.The most noticeable one, Id say, is that the freeroaming aspect is way underdeveloped and that the game gets dull and repetitive before youre halfway through the main plot. Each city serves you more of the same side objectives and the directors cut extra content does nothing to fix that. Each playground had potential for so much more so its a real shame the different setting for each city and district doesnt make much of a difference. Why do guards unfairly brutalize citizens from the rich district the same way they do in the poor district? This doesnt make any sense and just shows lack of ideas towards more varied content. Even combat gets dull after a while despite the feeling of empowerment it provides, as youll quickly end up using the same effective strategy to dispose quickly of enemies a counterattack with the hidden blade oneshots anything, even boss opponents.The other, but less important, main flaw Id like to mention, is that despite of its title, Assassins Creed encourages you to play more like a mass murderer, and less like a stealthy assassin, as it provides you with zero incentive to play subtle. Successfully stealthkilling is in many situations downright impossible not hard, its actually meant to be undoable without getting noticed, and even when you succeed, it isnt rewarding. Most of the time, killing in the open any guard who noticed you will prove to be quicker and much more efficient than wasting time running away from them to find a hiding spot or an opportunity to blend in the crowd.The story has its moments and intriguing hookpoints, but isnt overall that memorable either. Some dialogue scenes felt wellwritten, but thats it. Scenario could be summarized as Kill that list of guys and were done with a couple plot twists.Id still recommend it though, because I enjoyed playing through it from start to end and its nowhere near bad.Perhaps the fact I played other games at the same time rather than going through it in one single burst helped cope with the repetitiveness of it, but Im also planning to go for the optional Templar and flag hunting objectives so I guess wanting to come back to it for that is proof the game IS enjoyable.Oh yeah, and from what I got from the somewhat cryptic ending, the events in this one are a setup to the next installments in the series, so this alone should be enough of a reason to play it if you want to go through the rest of the franchise.