I am a latejoiner to the Assassins Creed series and as of writing this review, this first installment is the only Assassins Creed game I have played.The game is quite obviously built upon the mechanic of climbing things, be it a castle, a barn or a horsecart. Pretty much everything is climbable. The implementation is not perfect and will sometimes frustrate you, but it is for the most part solid and works well. Without doubt, the satisfaction of scaling buildings and jumping across rooftops lasts the duration of the game.Visually, the game is stunning for its time. In particular the draw distance is very impressive. Standing at the top of a tower in one of the games cities and being able to see past the city gates and to the rolling hills beyond is a lovely eyecandy experience. This is definitely a strong point of the game.I must, however, point out that the game is very poorly optimised  something I believe is largely endemic to the Assassins Creed series on the PC. Aside from the frame rate being hardcapped at 60fps, I very rarely found myself hitting this number and instead would hover somewhere between 3040fps.This will turn a lot of people off and sadly there is no good reason or excuse for it. Obviously, this will annoy some people more than others. If you can tolerate a consolelevel refresh rate then you have nothing to worry about. For those used exclusively to frame rates of 60fps and above, however, you might as well give it a miss if you arent willing to compromise on this aspect.Another major criticism I would level at the game is its lack of variety and its reptitiveness. After I progressed past the initial levels and into the game proper, I often felt like I was playing an extended tech demo. Its clear that the title was built upon the climbing mechanic and that the plot and design came second.This wouldnt necessarily be a bad thing were it not for the fact that you pretty much do find yourself doing the same few tasks over and over throughout the course of the game, with random spatterings of narrative here and there.As someone who likes to complete all side objectives and acquire every collectable in my games, I found Assassins Creed distinctly unrewarding in this regard. There are an infamous number of collectables in this game, which isnt necessarily a bad thing. What makes it is problem, however, are the literally nonexistant rewards for actually finding all of them. The game also provides no tools to assist in your collectable hunt, instead simply relying on you meticulously combing every single inch of the maps in search of them. I disagree with this model simply because it takes up too much time unnecessarily. At any particular moment there are thousands of good games worth your attention  can you really justify spending an hour or two poking around a map looking for that one last pickup?Personally, I say no  especially when the game doesnt reward you for it.Despite this, I would say Assassins Creed is worth most peoples time, if only to set yourself up for the other installments in the series. One thing I have been told repeatedly is Dont play later Assassins Creed games before playing the first and I can imagine why this makes sense. The game is novel provided you havent played similar titles or other games in the series, and the meta aspect of the plot can be compelling, although you ultimately learn very little by the end of the game.For this reason, I recommend Assassins Creed, if only to set yourself up to play the later installments in the series. 