Playing through Assassins Creed Brotherhood a second time has inspired this review. That is a great game, but the ending of it is really rushed, and because ACB puts so much emphasis on advancing a story, the rushed ending really hurts the game.Assassins Creed 1 gets criticism for being repetitive. But all AC gamesand games in generalare repetitive. AC2, the pinnacle of the series, has a lot of stuff to do, but all of that stuff outside of story is centered on making money, which ultimately makes the game feel repetetive for repetitions sake since skills granted by money dont help your progression through the story the most fun and straightforward way to finish AC2 is with your hidden blade, so all other purchased weapons are peripheral.In AC1, repetitiveness arises from the structure of the game. There are three cities, each with three different districts. You have to complete about five or six, if you include the vantage points different kinds of missions to advance the plot and unlock new territories whereas the feeling in subsequent AC games is that story unlocks new areas. One question then becomes is the repetition of the structure of AC1 too simplistic? For me, the answer is no, because the variety of settings, combined with the challenge of stealth it is harder in this one makes AC1s repetition more complex than AC2s wait for a timer to increase my florins. Fortunately, AC2 relies more on story to keep you playing.So the next question is if story can make repetitive gameplay satisfying, is the story of AC1 good enough? AC2 has AC1 beat by a country mile in story. The anthology/Dickensian approch used to tell Ezios tale is compelling. But AC1s story is much more open ended. In AC1, you keep chasing after something very mysterious. Each target you kill tells you something as they are dying that upends your first impression of them. The motives of your enemies and allies becomes complicated as the game progresses, and you feel like a tool caught in the middle. Most later AC games kind of miss this mystery, as the villains and heros are more clearly and frankly better defined. So the openended storytelling makes up for the rather shallow character progression.So I think AC1 is a really good game, especially compared to later AC games which I like a lot. The repetitive elements of the game are okay because they arent too simplistic. The straightforward story is supplemented by great atmosphere.Highly recommended.