The one that started it all and in my personal opinion the 2nd best AC game out there.Warning Contains major spoilers for Assassins CreedAlso heres my BUY RANKS1 Buy this game now!2 Wait till it goes on sale3 Try the demo first or if they dont have one wait till its half off.All opinion wise4 Wait till they make it free or 7090 off.5 Dont buySTORY You are Desmond Miles a 25 year old man captured by a company known as Abstergo as they have captured you and have forced you to do something extraodinary to relieve the memories of your ancestor in order to find an ancient treasue. You relieve the memories of Altair an assassin from the year of 1191. The story in this is great and makes you feel like there are two stories instead of one, the story of Altairs fight and stuggle against the templars and Desmonds involvment with Abstergo. Has one of the best twists Ive seen in a game since it came out. 9.5/10GRAPHICS The graphics in this game are of course dated since this was made in 2007. Still though theyre pretty to look at and the 60fps wins me over with its smoothness and textures but still its dated. 7.5/10GAMEPLAY Wow what can I say about gameplay, of course comparing the stuff you can do in AC compared to the others theres not much to do you only have 4 weapons, your fists,knive and mini knives,sword, and the iconic hidden blade but you do receive upgrades in the game as you progress through the main story. There are sidequests and with the PC version I was able to grab 4 more, annoying but helped in the main game. You can collect flags but to me there really was no point into them. Then there was the parkor and the view points....holytheir amazing. With the awesomeness of freerunning and viewing the map piece by piece by the climbing on top of a tower and viewing it while an eagle is in the background just screams badass. Even though theres not much to do except do main and side missions you still have your own bit of fun. 8/10CONCLUSION AC is a great game and again in my personal opinion is ranked 2nd best in my book due to it being the starting point to the series and NO FULL SYNC! Hope to make more of these soon and thanks for reading my first steam review.BUY RANK1 