First time Assassins Creed player here5/10  I can see why somebody might really like this game but personally I found it almost exactly the same amount of annoying as I did find it fun, almost everything about the game starts fun and then gets annoying. Ultimately there isnt enough story to justify it.1. Climbing and running 6/102. Combat 7/10Climbing is fun for a while but when youre in a rush you start to notice the detection is not great sometimes, certain surfaces you scale too slowly and your character will sit there and stare at something thats right in front of him instead of climbing it. Generally bug free and smooth. He doesnt do well on boats.I really liked the combat here. Youre rewarded for fighting properly but its still easy at the same time. I find it irritating that you dont attack when you block a grab attempt and for some reason he only kicks the bigger characters instead of cutting them when he should. Also its irritating if he loses his footing slightly during a fight hell just wobble off the edge of a building like a drunk old lady and will refuse to correct himself until the animation is finished. Fun and satisfying but annoying at times.1. Assassination MiniGames 6/10  Mostly well done.2. Flag collecting time trial 5/10  Its collecting flags...3. Sitting on a bench and listening to people... 4/10  A nothing quest but its over quickly.4. Following a public speaker around to beat them 4/10  Tiresome.5. Climbing towers 4/10  Tiresome.6. Saving Civilians 5/10  Good because its combat and bad because you get stuck in dialogue.7. Using people to smash market stools... 2/10  A fking st minigame. Only saving grace is killing civilians.8. Get to person time trial 4/10  Its a time trial.9. Escort person 6/10  Suprisingly not annoying. They focus on you and dont run past you like some games.10. Then a larger story assassination quest 6/10  The main point of each area. You collect information about how to kill your target through the minigames. Even if nobody sees you the alarm will magically go off by itself.I didnt mind doing these activities mostly... but they are tiresome after a while. By far the biggest problem is the game locks you into small cutscenes with NPCs that always say and show you the exact same things you get the message after the 2nd time you interact with them, by the 50th time it really it annoying, especially when you being forced to listen to the NPCs tell you what youve heard 50 times gets you in trouble as a guard hits you in the back. The market stool quests are the worst, I ing hate them.Based upon historical locations, everything looks very nice. The atmosphere is almost ruined by the sounds people saying the same two paragraphs of speech over and over again. Also there are beggers who are like little Ubisoft executives, aggressively begging you for money. Luckily, when you beat the beggers to death the guards dont care unless youre in trouble anyway. JUST A FEW COINS PLEAAAAASE!!!!!??!? SHUT UP smacK HELP HE TRIED TO SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACKVery cool idea although it only shows up like twice a year for like a second and then its gone again like my Father. About one page worth of story spread over 20 hours.The silver lining is, if you dont want to play this game then you can just read up the story on a Wiki and start with the second game. It wont take you long to catch up.Overall this game is not a bad game but it got on my nerves as it does too much wrong and doesnt give you enough of a reward for your work. Its mostly competent where it needs to be and you might have some fun so long as you dont play it for too long. If youre new Id say its VERY safe to skip this game.