The one that started it all. Ive played through AC1  Revelations on consoles and have decided to revisit AC1  AC3 and eventually the rest on PC with 100 completion.There are two mind sets I would review this game in 1. Completing purely for the story and background. 2. Completely the game 100 All collectibles and missions etc...If youre more of a number 1. then by all means purchase this game and enjoy the backstory to the others and if youre like me then play the rest. The only real downside the completing the game like this is sometimes the parkour movement will seem clunky especially late game. I wont spoil when I started getting frustrated with it.However if youre the wanting to full clear this game with all collectibles found and all missions completed then you may or may not want to skip this one depending on your patience.Problem 1. As I said the parkour in this game can be clunky if youre not going straight forward. As can be expected its only the first in the series.Problem 2. The side missions are very repetitive. You will essentially have a cookie cutter copy of missions through each district in the game a total of 9. The only thing changing will be the final assassination.Problem 3. Since I had decided to do a full completion run I found myself constantly ShiftTabbing to a steam guide for all the locations. Now for some reason this game does not take that too kindly and if you remain in the ShiftTab state for too long the game will simply crash. I have tried to numerous fixes I could find but not of them stopped the problem entirely. Thank fully AC1 auto saves after every collectible pick up so I never lost data. Just patience.Problem 4. Speaking of the final assassinations dont worry no spoilers here. I found that most of them cannot be stealth killed. Now I dont entirely remember if the following games have improved on this to allow the player to stealth or styalise their final kills but in the first game it is essentially find the target, kill all the guards and then kill the target.This is a great game for the first in its series and I highly recommend it for pure story playthroughs. If you are willing to go through 25 hours and occassional crashes  clunky parkour at times then it will also be great for a full completion all collectibles / missions.Enjoy and Happy Assassinating!