The original AC was more of a tech demo than a proper game, but still has some good aspects that some people might desire.The environments are lovely, if a bit whitewashed, and the game runs buttery smooth 60FPS max settings even on my 6year old hardware.Combat is MUCH harder than in the sequels if you get cornered with 4 guards surrounding you, youre screwed. Counterkills still exist, but the chain kills introduced in Brotherhood are not, which I like.This game is much more stealthoriented than the sequels. If you alert your target, not only are they difficult to kill in a straight fight, you will very quickly get surrounded by guards and have yourhanded to you.You are encouraged to obtain useful information about your target and ways you can take them out, whether its a map of patrol routes or a hiding place to jump out from. These are obtained by completing side missions see below for why this is a bad thing.There are quite a few problems with this game thoughDoesnt play nice with controllers every time you turn on the game it defaults to KB/M, so you have to go into the options menu to switch to controller every time.Unnecessarily convoluted game exiting. To leave you have to exit the animus, then quit. Took me too long to figure that out.Combat can sometimes be slow to respond which, considering how lethal fighting is and the fact that you dont have medicine to heal midcombat, can be a death sentence.NO FAST CLIMBING. The godsend of AC2 over the original was being able to climb nonstop hand over hand. With AC 1, you will stop at every move, then move to the next area. Makes traversing areas painfully slow if youve played any of the other games which feature this faster climbing.Altairs voice is plainly American, while everyone else in the Animus has period appropriate accents. Very immersionbreaking.Guards sometimes detect and attack you for no apparent reason, so its best to avoid any areas with guards entirely, or try to blend through them. This doesnt always work for some reason though.Very little story. Go kill these guys, then something happens at the end that sets up for AC2 significantly better.PLEASE SIR, CAN YOU SPARE ANY MONEYY!?! ?Overall, if you really want to experience the series from the beginning, it does have some nice aspects, but if youve already played the others it will be very hard to go back and deal with the archaic combat and freeclimbing systems. 