ProsRunning on roofs, freedom of movementOutside of towns, your horse follows you around and there are plenty of spare horses lying around, so you arent likely to get stuck walking all the way.Fast travel allows travelling between cities without the need for actually riding to them all the time. Though, you cant fast travel from just anywhere.The world is sufficiently vast and beautiful.Guards only attack you when provoked and you can lose the heat either by hiding or by killing off the guards pursuing you.No uplayConsTheres no clear way to switch between windowed and fullscreen modes. Luckily, the game does start in fullscreen mode, but a random popup or what not is all it takes to accidentally switch to windowed mode with no way to return to full screen mode without restarting the game. And in windowed mode, the mouse is prone to leaving the screen, which ends up frequently interrupting the game and even accidentally closing it at times.Investigations for the assassinations are pretty much useless. A couple may give some useful advice, but the majority of them are either common sense stuff such as, you can use scholars to slip through guards, things that can be discovered by just exploring the city or just arriving at the site for the assassination such as, the presence of some scaffolding, a map that may be confusing to read, or just some random stuff that doesnt help you much in any way. The investigations dont unlock any special routes or allow special preparation for the assassination or anything do anything else special.Limited ability for stealth assassinations. You can use the hidden blade to take out single enemies without getting all the guards on your back, but its not really viable against groups of enemies. And all assassination targets are close to a group of guards.Awfully repetitive. All the assassinations follow the same formula do some side quests which are repetitive in their own right for info, maybe scale some viewpoints and save the umpteenth civilian if you want, report to bureau leader, go to the site, kill the target, run from the guards, report to bureau leader and then the leader of the assassins for a conversation, repeat. Theres barely any variation between each assassination. If you get tired of repetitive assassinations, you could go hunting for the hundred of flags in each city that serve no use whatsoever.Consoleoriented controls. Basically, four buttons do all the actions and what they do depends on whether youre in low profile, high profile, or combat. Which means that if youre inbattle and suddenly decide that you want to jump on something or run either to flee or to get to a better spot for the combat, or to use throwing knives, you need to disengage from combat to be able to jump and run, since those are high profile, rather than combat, actions. Also, you need to lock onto enemies to fight them properly. Not so pleasant when youre surrounded by ten or more enemies and theyre all attacking you concurrently, since counter doesnt really work when youre not focused on the enemy thats attacking you at that specific moment.Uninteresting combat. Its either just mashing the same buttons, or playing it safe and waiting to get a counter in, which gets hard against large groups, as mentioned before. And, besides it being common enough for guards to gang up on you, some story segments feature attacks by a large number of enemies in a confined space, forcing you to take on most of them at once. At least in regular battles, you can retreat to heal up, get to a more advantageous place, and reduce the number of enemies youre fighting at once. But not in those segments.Illogical guards. Climbing buildings only gets you in trouble if youve already killed someone or you are venturing in restricted places, but galloping a metre or more away from them is assured to instantly provoke them, even if you havent even done anything. Also, in some places, there are guards restricting access to certain areas. But once you get around them, none of the other guards will pay much attention to you most of the times, even if the area is supposed to be restricted.No direct way to exit the game to desktop. In order to leave to desktop, you have to 1 Leave the current memory. 2 Leave the ongoing game. 3 Select your profile 4 Only then can you actually leave the game. The only direct way to leave the game is to either provoke the game to switch to windowed mode to just click on the X, or use other system means to close the game.No way to skip dialogue. Hearing the same dialogue for the umpteenth citizen you save gets old quick.Cant skip cutscenes. This is especially problematic when youve beaten the game, since you need to replay a memory if you want to return to the world for some freeroam. And each time you replay a memory, you have to go through the initial cutscene.Lack of variety of weapons. Theres only four weapons in the game a sword, throwing knives, a short blade, and a hidden blade. Thats not what Id call a wide range of medieval weapons, as the game promotes.Pointless present day story. There are some scenes where you can apparently actually do something in the present day, but that apparently never becomes relevant. So the present day story is mostly just there to be a nuisance.TLDR The game might have been cutting edge in 2007, but I cant really recommend it in 2017.