Assassins Creed in one word repetitive.To begin, there was a fair bit I did enjoy about the game including the parkour movement system, the story, and the ability to improve with the future games. The parkour movement system was what really made the gameplay enjoyable for me personally. It was new and fresh at the time, and was a grandfather to some of the newer generations of parkour movement systems in and out of the Assassins Creed series. The story kept me hooked through out the series and is important for this game in particular and for future games. Even if you dont think youd enjoy this game or dont want to play it, I would definitely recommend watching a play through or reading a summary of the plot for story purposes. Lastly, I liked how this game left room for improvement. This game did have a fair bit I personally didnt enjoy or thought that could be better, and with future games we see the improvements come and the games becoming more fine tuned.With every game there are always pros and there are always cons. This game had a few key cons, the biggest of which I think were the repetitiveness, lack of stealth, and hand to hand combat. This game is infamous for its reptitive side missions, all in which are exact clones of one another with just the information changing through out the length of the game. This makes the game harder to play and stick with when you do the exact missions over and over and lose interest in them. Another thing I didnt like about this game is its MAJOR lack of stealth. For a game titled Assassins Creed the first thing that comes to my mind is assassin, which then leads to stealth for me. This game however, has no easy or obvious stealth. There are some points in which you are required to be stealthy and shadow informants. There is also the fact that you can stealth assassinate the main targets, but that is never easy or as satisfying as it should be. For a game that screams it should be stealth, it really doesnt have a stealth aspect. I see this game more of a action game then a stealth game. The hand to hand combat is also a big let down for me as well. It wouldnt be if I didnt play a role as big as it does in this game. With some of the side missions you are required to Rough Up some informants for some information, in which you have to beat them down with your fists. With a game mechanic as big as this, you would think they would have it polished as best as possible. However, they left out one of the biggest things possible counter attacks. With any weapon you use, when youre in battle you can counter attack, making it extremely useful. With hand to hand combat however, you can not. Making the combat a back and forth fight and also making it stale to play. Another notable thing I would mention when telling about this game to a friend is how the collectables in this game have no meaning. Especially in the steam addition as there are no achievements for them.So, all in all. Would I ever recommend it to a friend? Yes. If you can look past the repetitive side missions, there is still fun to be had with this game and good story to gather from it as well. I would not recommend more then one play through or would not see people playing this game more then once back to back, but I do think people who want to get into this game should definitely check it out. Whether you want to get into this game or just find a game with a parkour movement system, this is a fun game that can give you a play through out of it. I do however warn that if youre looking for a stealth game, DO NOT buy this game. This game is far from that.