I tried to like it, but Im constantly wrestling with controls, camera, and missing features modern games have like fast travel, for example.Controls are idiotic. You have to hold three damn keys just to sprint. Climbing things isnt too fun either, because the guy is really slow doing it and often he cant reach to climb and it takes you a second to realize that, because of his slowness. When you run to an edge of something, you just stare down instead of jumping or doing anything sensible. You have to press other hand control.The reason for the mess with the controls is cause you have low profile and high profile modes. The lowprofile mode is annoying as hell, however, because you move around like a snail. Same goes for some places like the Abstergo lab or some buildings you cant sprint, you can only walk which takes forever.Speaking of profiles, you have to actually use a horse to move around cities. I searched around whether theres a fast travel mode, and apparently there is, but not in all the places and you have to get to the edge of the map or something. Annoying. This means if you want to move at any appreciable speed, you have to gallop in high profile mode which, for some reason, makes every random dude with a sword want to kill you.Now, you may think me being on a horse and the dudes being on foot... I can just run away! Whats the problem then? Well, the problem is one of the more annoying features of the game the detection meter. Whoever thought it was an awesome idea for it to loudly beep should be fired. So, it beeps if youre in an area where you might get attacked. If you get detected, it starts to beep even louder. And if you run away? Hell, that thing will beep forever! You actually have to find a bush somewhere and jump into the bush and sit there for a minute just to shut that stupid beeper offno other reason theres no one chasing you any more!So for the last three hours, I feel like Ive done nothing but wrestle with controls and get annoyed with the damned beeper.As for the story, well, it may be a good one, but I already dislike the guy Im playing as. Hes a rebel in one sentence and submissive in another. Hes all over the place and I dont want to be him.I dont recommend this outdated game. 