First of all, I have played this game now for 14 hours, so i did not finish it and, honestly, I dont think I will. Secondly the age of the game does not make it any worse, but what does is the staggering repetitiveness of this creation.Lets begin after the introduction mission. The leader of the brotherhood in Masyaf will send you out to Damaskus I think to kill someone after you completed a few side tasks,who as a character fells just like that. Someone. After your job is done you go back to Masyaf, where the leader now has two someones in two towns for you to kill. Great! And this without exxagerating goes on like that. Oh and the Desmond storyline also couldnt keep me playing.Although I have to say the lack of an interesting story would not be a problem, if the gameplay would be fun. I bought this game because after playing  Mark of the Ninja and Dishonored I thought Hey this stealth genre seems quite fun!Well... the thing is that the stealth gameplay elements in this game feel like a small addition the devs thought may be interesting. Stealth gameplay elements are imho not integrated well whatsoever, wich is a shame for a game that communicates to you that alarming your enemies is a bad thing and getting rid of them is a pain in the .Oh, and there seems to be no way to skip cutscenes, wich, again, usually is not a problem for me, but dialogues in this game are so mindbogglingly boring, partly because you kind of know what is going to be the important content, that leads to the next task even before you have ever seen the character.Plus, every nanny you safe from two mideasthooligans tells you who else she is going to bore stiff with this 20 second monologue, which gets really annoying after you have heard it the fifth time.P.S. I just realised howand annoying this review is written and am sorry to say only negative things, but I think Steam reviews are not really supposed to be too in depth but what I wrote is just what I felt and I only submitted it because I just cant agree with the other overwelmingly positive reviews. 