A Flawed Dose of NostalgiaIn 2016, it seemed like to play the original 2007 Assassins Creed was to revert to the rough draft of the AC formula, but that is where I found myself loving the core gameplay of AC. The first game in the franchise hadnt yet been bogged down with the extra bloat most evident in the later titles like AC Unity, from the challenges and side missions to the rendering of visuals. The seminal Assassins Creed succeeds today in 2016 because it benefits from being the innovative first in a formulated franchise.The balance between a solid storyline and mindless side activities kept me moving towards finishing the game without feeling like the completionist challenge was unsurmountable a personal problem I find with modern openworld games. I typically started with viewpoints, moved to Save Citizens missions, and then began my formal investigation into my assassination target. In my mind, I was learning the city, its people, and then solving the overall problem plaguing them. The objectives could be completed in any manner, but the approach I took felt the most natural for a stranger entering a city.The combat felt great when my timing synced up well,  It felt good to be that overpowered, yet it was too easy and didnt involve much strategy despite being trained ingame with various techniques. Occasionally, I would find myself ontop of various things like market stalls with six other men on the same stall with three other men attempting to climb up to the battlefield . The AI scripting felt like the enemies were simply and mindlessly piling on. All I had to do was time the counter attack successfully to take out any force.The stealth felt unrefined and was frequently undermined by a stray AI stepping into the shared environment or a drunken NPC shoving me into a group while I was attempting to blend in. While it helped to utilize stealth from time to time, the behaviors which broke my stealth usually threw me into another fifteen man battle. It was most useful when traversing the map to avoid battle engagement, but detrimental to all the investigations crafted into the story when a major assassination would down spiral due to imprecise stealth mechanics. This is best illustrated when I attempted to throw a knife at my target and pressed the lockon button. It alerted everyone in the arena to my presence with the simple lockon and a twenty man battle ensued.After bouncing around to various AC games in the past year or so, the GUI in this original game felt so in touch with the premise of the Animus technology. The HUD and ingame menu never appeared gaudy or clunky, but the main menu unnecessarily required me to briefly switch to my mouse to make a character profile selection before I could begin playing with my gamepad. The map was a delight to engage with, but the investigations give the player various map information such as where guards are during the assassinations preceding event and the safest path for extraction after killing the target, that was ultimately undermined by an underdetailed HUD map.I played the original version of Assassins Creed to completion on PS3 around 2009 and it left a nostalgic feeling in the back of my mind. The nostalgic thirst was quenched with this latest 2016 playthrough on PC, but not without some stumbles along the way that reminded me that some serious gameplay mechanic overhaul occurred in the past 7 years. This game innovated at the time, but was refined greatly with the sequel. 