If you were now 2008Assassins Creed gaming community was waiting impatiently. Demo shows promised, almost the best game of the year. If someone for some reason is not aware of something, Assassins Creed is a damn beautiful action movie ala stealthinthecrowd in the scenery of the Middle Ages, with elegant duels, spectacular murders and parkour where is Ubisoft Montreal without it?. The current release showed the other side of the game. Which developers without any remorse of conscience concealed. But first things first.The first thing you experience when immersed in the brainchild of Ubi is delight. And wild. Nextgene graphics, stylish videos, a dynamic dueling battle system. And, being for the first time in one of the cities in general is ready to put the game 10 out of 10 and nalepit something in the spirit of beast game 2007. The streets here look natural, townspeople everywhere, noise, din. An obnoxious beggar begs for a couple of coins, somewhere nearby, an escort of dissatisfied guards looms, a preacher talks about the path of salvation. Well, you just can not help but praise the French for the elaboration of cities. And yes, if at the words of the crowd you have the image of one of Hitmans missions Blood Money well, where the streets are full of bots with zero intelligence, I warn you right away  there are not any dumb people poking into each other and into the walls. Pushing a random passerby, he will certainly send a tart note to Altair. Seeing the unusual actions of the hero, the people will not forget to comment on them. Having arranged a street fight, someone will raise a cry, someone will even get into a fight, and someone in general will quietly come on guard. The same beggar will throw a stone at you when you climb the walls.As for architecture, in this regard, a tremendous work has been done. On each building you can climb on the windowsills, bars and ledges. Escaping from the guards, we are free to gallop on the railing, balconies pillars, bars, carts, bags of which here in abundance. Interaction with the scenery for five plus.Lets continue. And so Altair gets the job to kill 9 people. Our goals are hidden in three, differing in stylistics like the gamut and the palette of the environment, and the architecture of the buildings  Acre, Jerusalem and Damascus. The gameplay looks like this we rush to the assassins office, listen to recommendations, climb the towers, that would be highly appreciated by the sources of information, and after finding out everything we watch the chic movie and kill the victim. Hmm, for a start, not bad. We come to another city and there ... Everything is new and first.Variety ends exactly after you leave the first city. Bureauclimbing the towersmining informationkilling the targetagain bureau. And so on until the end of the game, strictly according to this formula. Monotony and monotony make their black work. Assassins Creed gets bored very quickly and already in the middle you catch yourself thinking  you do not want to play it trite. Lack of enthusiasm in the gameplay does not allow to enjoy good aspects of the project. For example, an intriguing, nonstandard plot, which develops immediately on two stages  in our time and in the Middle Ages.Again, the combat system is almost perfect. Describe the battle on the blade can be in three words  effectively, quickly, easily. Laconic duels like here, in general, you need to make a standard, and then krimsanie each other blades which we see in most games looks already almost ridiculous. And of course you can not ignore the crown of Assassins Creed  mixing with the crowd. It is implemented quite simply, but we have not seen anything like this before  its a fact.TOTAL In general, a sad picture emerges. Ubi sami also ruined their masterpiece, making the perfect almost everything ... and all this forgetting to tighten the rich, interesting gameplay.Rating 8.5 / 10Author Alot