Having recently decided to play through the series again, I thought it high time to review each game as I go in what is one of my favourite game series ever. This is what I think of Assassins Creed.The game still looks decent for a game released way back in 2007, albeit showing its age in a number of areas. The cities themselves are wonderfully crafted and is a joy exploring on the ground or on high across the rooftops with the series famous parkour freerunning. The present day story, often dismissed as an unnecessary distraction, is in my opinion the driving force for the series. I liked the main character, Desmond Miles, as he is forced by the evil Abstergo corporation to use the Animus to relive the memories of his ancestor centuries ago. That ancestor is Altair, an Assassin operating in the Holy Land at the height of the Third Crusade. Altair starts the game as an unlikable arrogantbag but grows into a compassionate man as the game goes on. This premise involving the Animus back when it released was something truly unique, and I remember being enamored with the game. However, the ten years since then have not been kind to it.This game is repetitive. I said it. The Assassins Creed series is infamous for its use of collectables and filler content to compliment its story so this might not sound so strange but unfortunately it is in the story and main missions that it suffers this. The story consists of hunting down and assassinating nine targets to regain your lost status from the beginning of Altiars story. Each assassination consists of going to each city, one of Jerusalem, Damascus or Acre, speaking to the bureau leader and doing the same three or four activities to learn about the target and assassinate them. It sadly doesnt cut it in 2017.Towards the end of my run of the game, I found myself rushing to finish it. What was once a favourite of mine was now a chore to complete. This might sound like I dont recommend this game but I still do. The things you can do, the movement, the gear and the variety of missions is very limited compared to its sequel and beyond but the set up of the story for future titles and introduction to the series is worth at least a playthrough to experience it for yourself. At around 10 hours, its the shortest game in the series. Perhaps thats a good thing.And remember...nothing is true everything is permitted.