I wish I could recommend this game, because I beat it on both PS3 and 360, and loved it each and every time  as I did the rest of the franchise. PS3 version ran badly, but didnt have any glitches. 360 version was great and ran smoothly. This PC port, however, was an insult. I beat the game fully to give this review creditbility.First of all, I cant see any difference in graphics quality in the PC version over the consoles. Thats only a minor complaint.The major complaints are the absolutely game and immersionbreaking glitches youll encounter in this game. Enemy NPC models will twist around the floor like theyre breakdancing. Some will even randomly shoot towards the sky like Superman taking flight in Man of Steel. Then there is the famed parkour elements that people enjoy this series for... they are an absolute headache in this game. Altair will randomly slam into surfaces instead of grabbing them, falling off the building and to the ground. Sometimes when ascending the sides of buildings, hell stop despite pushing upwards on the analogue, and despite there being plenty to grab to further climb.On top of all that, you have to sit with your teeth gritted because at any minute the game could encounter one of the random crashes to desktop. I think in the 19 hours I have recorded, I encountered 10, which doesnt sound much, but is built up enough over the course of the game, that youre taken out of the experience by expecting one at any time and they can come at any time cutscenes, gameplay, and so forth.The humble yet fascinating beginning of the lore throughout this franchise, as expected, remains highly enjoyable, especially if youre an alternate history buff. This is about the only positive thing to be said.If youre somebody whos lived under a rock and want to finally get into this huge gaming franchise you cant stop hearing about, Id say go straight to AC2 a buttery smooth, utterly flawless port, with superior visuals to the console versions and read a Wikia article/YouTube vid/etc on the first game. If youre one of these people who absolutely must experience the story first hand, then wait until this is absolutely pennies in one of Steams sales. 