The original Assassins Creed was released by Ubisoft in 2007 for the Xbox 360 and PS3, and was later ported to the PC. It spawned 9 sequels and 17 spinoffs, but was it a good game?Firstly, the presentation. Assassins Creed nailed the setting straight on the head, faithfully recreating the Third Crusade and creating a very atmospheric experience that later entries in the series have struggled to match. Each city has its own unique flavour and the whole game is rendered beautifully for its time using Ubisofts brand new Anvil engine. This game was one of the most graphically advanced games of its day. I wish I could say the same about the immersion. Although the atmosphere is great, the immersion is often killed by lowquality audio files such as fuzzy NPC dialogue, or the fact that the HUD covers about a quarter of the screen there may be an option to change this though.The gameplay was actually quite innovative for its day. The idea of hiding in plain sight without the use of a disguise was not really explored until this game came out. Also, the freerunning mechanics were great and fun to use. However, the combat is really just too easy, as you can easily fight 15 opponents by holding the block button and countering attacks for an instant kill. This is probably why the games later levels are so ridiculous, forcing you to fight 30 or more opponents just to add difficulty. This causes many of these later levels to become quite tedious.The story isnt great, but it isnt bad either. You play as Desmond Miles, a stupid idiot who turns out to be descended from a whole load of assassins. Most of the game is spent reliving the memories of Desmonds ancestor, who is tasked with killing nine individuals who cause pain and suffering. It works well on paper, but the assassination missions cannot be accessed until you do 3 side tasks that are always exactly the same, so it can get repetitive, an issue that was fixed in the far superior sequel.Overall, Id say its worth playing, but only to give the later games some backstory. 