The first Assassins Creed was the most promising game in development, and shined brightly from every games exhibition. When it was released, though, the hyped expectations of the whole gaming world were... turned down, sadly.While without a doubt that was a highclass, AAA product, with prodigious depth of openworld gaming experience, fascinating visuals, thoroughly reconstructed medieval cities and intriguing story. Yet all that was not enough. The creators of Assassins Creed made almost everything right... but lose the funoutofthegameplay somewhere on producing stages.I remember playing the game right after release, and I was grown tired of it in second city, no matter how much I was stunned by the prologue and the first city. Inglorious RePeeatAbility is the thing that killed the hype of the game and downgraded its undoubted merits. The most usual Ubisoft story, as it seems.But, as we look now, after the dust is settled, the first Assassin game was not bad. Quite contrary, it is still pleases us with visual feast. The reconstruction of medieval world is one of the best in known fiction worlds, would that be games, books or films. The fighting theme is ten times bested by the Shadow of Mordor title... but it is still engaging. Stealth is no match in terms of cunning and diversity with games like Hitman... But you know that too, you get used to it so long ago!So, that thats Im gonna tell you if youve missed that game so far, try it now, it is definetely worth a shot. Just... dont play it like an openworld game. I cant believe I write something like that, being a huge fan on openworld gameplay, but in case of AC1 thats the point. There are just not enough rewards for the whole additional activity Ubisoft added in the game. No point in opening chests, collecting flags, and so on. Thats that killed my fun when I was making my first approach there.Just play the scenario missions and kill occasional tampliers on your way, while exploring and sightseeing the great cities which was putted into that game. As I said already, there are no other thing, which will give you so complex experience of life in the medieval MidEast. Just for that Assassins Creed 1 deserves a place in your games collection, aside from a fact it was a father for superb Assassins Creed 2, which stands proudly as one of the best games ever created.My mark 7.5. Not a diamond, but still glimmering and even shines, if you know, how to look at it. 