Assassins Creed is a game with lots of cool ideas that ultimately fail to come together cohesively. You just get the feeling that the developers were forced to release whatever they had done for the 2007 holiday season, whether it was ready or not. In that way, it reminds me a lot of the first Mass Effect  lots of great ideas, cool story and universe, but ultimately not as good as it should have been which, like AC, was mostly rectified with the second game in the series.But first things first... lets break down what works and what doesnt. As mentioned above, what works are the ideas the game puts forth, both in terms of story and gameplay. The story centers on a clandestine battle between two orders  the Assassins and the Templars. You play as Desmond Miles, a presentday descendant of Assassins, who has been captured by an organization named Abstergo the modern day corporate face of the Templars. Using a device called the Animus, Desmond is forced to relive the memories of his ancestor, an Assassin named Altair, in order to find a mysterious artifact.The game is played from Altairs point of view and takes place in the cities of Jerusalem, Damascus and Acre, circa 1200. It is here that you can see where the majority of the work was put into the game. The cities are sprawling, alive, and built with tons of detail. You really do almost feel like you could be in those places at that time. Its quite impressive, technically. Gameplay centers around two main mechanics  freerunning and combat. Freerunning allows you to run across streets, rooftops and climb buildings in a fluid manner. When it works, its great fun, but oftentimes youll accidentally fall off buildings or jump in a completely wrong direction or climb something you didnt want to, etc. Clearly the developers hadnt worked out all the kinks yet. The combat is interesting, but nothing special. There are lots of options and it looks great in motion, but its not particularly difficult or engaging. Simply mashing buttons usually works in most cases. However, you can clearly see the potential in it. So again... good ideas, but not yet implemented as well as they could be.Where the game ultimately fails is in the design. Assassins Creed 1 can basically be boiled down to the following go to a city, climb a few towers, beat up a few people or some other menial task, assassinate a highpriority target, return to home base. Repeat this 9 times and youre done. Its all very tedious and gets boring quickly. While there are a few different types of tasks and side missions that you can do in the cities, none of it really rises above being mediocre. The most interesting parts of each chapter are the final assassinations, but even in these cases, the verdict is mixed. Instead of actually being able to sneak around stealthily and assassinate your targets, many of these encounters just end up turning into a big brawl not exactly what one would expect in a game involving secret assassins.Ultimately, the game is promising, but flawed. The ideas underlying the story are definitely cool and the environments are really nice for their time, but as a game, it is simply average in most respects. It also doesnt help that the Altair character isnt terribly compelling and nothing really interesting even happens until the very end. That said, this game is worth checking out if the premise intrigues you and you think you might be interested in the series as a whole which, for the record, DOES get better. If you think that might be the case, my recommendation would be to either skip this game entirely and watch all of the cutscenes/ending online, or play through it doing only the barest minimum needed in order to continue.Grade CNote I dont recommend playing any of the Assassins Creed games unless you have an Xbox360 controller or equivalentfeatured gamepad. The AC games have complicated control schemes and were clearly designed with controllers in mind, so proceed with mouse/keyboard at your own risk. 