In this game, you play as a Syrian man named Altair IbnLaAhad, and he is part of an order of Assassins hence the name Assassins Creed. You start the game in real time, as a man named Desmond who has been taken by a company known as Abstergo Industries, a company where they are secretly part of the order of the Knights Templars. The Templars are enemies to Assassins, and since Desmond is an ancestor of the previously meantioned assassin Altair, the head executive and his assistant Lucy put Desmond into a machine called the Animus. The Animus lets a person delve into his ancestors memories, and since Altair is an ancestor to Desmond, the executive i forgot his name, but lets just call him Bill puts you into the Animus so he can monitor Altairs memories and find a secret that the Templars need that only Altair know. Once you are in the Animus, you finally play as Altair. You start in a mine looking for a Templar named Roberto, and once you find him, you see he is planning to steal the holy artifact known as the Ark of Covenant. You fail to kill him, and your other Assassins are left to kill him one of them fails by the way. You go back to your master, Al Mualim, and he finds out about the attack. Suddenly Roberto and his fellow Templars are attacking, and you send a diversion to help. After you send the diversion, they flee, and Al Mualim punishes you because you did not remember the three strict rules to being an Assassin in the earlier mission. He stabs you, and you pass out. You are still alive and you must kill 9 other Templars to redeem yourself and be one of the master Assassins again.The game is overall very good, but there are a few things I did not like. First of all, I know it is set in the First Crusades Period somewhere around 1000 A.D it started but Altair cannot hold any type of currency. Your gearand weapons are gained from each of the 9 Templars you kill. Also, in the trailer, Altair is seen to have a crossbow as one of his weapons, but that crossbow is nowhere in the actual game, so that got me dissapointed. Another thing is that youdont carry any types of medicine or potions or things like that, which would be useful in fighting because Altair isnt the best fighter without ALL of his weapons. Speaking of health, you dont have an actual health meter. Your health is displayed in something called a Synchronization Bar, a bar that fills as you do good in the game. If you commit crimes, your Synchronization Bar goes down. If you lose fights, it also goes down. Basically, anything bad makes it go down. Those are basically all the problems i have with this game.To wrap it up, Assassins Creed is a fun game with a really cool and exciting storyline, not alot of  situations i was mad or angry about, but it is old. The graphics are from somewhere around 2000 i dont know when the games came out by years. So if you dont mind about graphics and want to have a fun actionadventure game with enticing storyline, Assassins Creed is the game for you.My Rating 9/10Note from Author There is stealth in this game. You will have to blend in with crowds, pickpocket without being caught, and if you are caught by a guard or someone you are pickpocketing, you can go blend in by sitting in a bench, hiding in a haystack, blending in with a group of scholars they look similar to you in clothing, or just running away until they give up. There is a fourth way to blend in, but I forgot it. Another thing in this game is climbing and parkour. You will have to do alot of that, so be prepared. 