Short verdict its not a stealth game, its a poorly executed and repetitive horde mode with lousy battle system and mediocre story.My overall rating 6/10.Story its fine, somewhat dull and lacks detail that later titles have, but in overall its fine.Graphics surprisingly well for such an old game.Battlesystem attack, strong attack, a block, a counter, evasion, a grab and a grab brake  it all fused into frustratingof your patience, because theres no way how to finish battle more quickly except for knife throw/stealth kill  with very limited opportunities, you are forced to go through the same repetitive choreography all over again. And with hordes of enemies on every corner, its really a pain in theGameplay basically, its the same pattern throughout the game find the assassins bureau, perform at least minimum number of investigations, kill the primary target, report of success. What changes is the city/city district and number of soldiers in the cities. By the end of the game, the numbers are overwhelming. Theres really no way how you stay incognito, unless you are tiptoing through vast quarters full of beggars, thugs and crazy people, that all stand in your way to perform missions. What I hated the most was that theres really no way you could STEALTH kill the targets, because they were surrounded by number of guards. And that number was increasing with each next target. It felt more like hacknslash at some points.Side missionsclimb points of view  reveals the location of assassins bureaus and other side missionssave citizens  reduces number of soldiers and unlock vigilantes that might help you escape its not that much of a help actuallyinvestigations eavesdropping, pickpocketing, intimidation missions, escort challenges, killing archers/pursuers for fellow assassins, flag challenges/catching informers on timecollectibles flags a set for each city/territory.With every completed set of 15 objectives, you are granted additional health unit, but after youre maxed out, theres no point to bother with side missions, because theyre all the same and do not provide any substantial reward.I have previously played AC3 and I think its a wonderful game. Ive spent 116 hours on it. It gave me a genuine sense of historic atmosphere and it really felt like a stealth game. Intrigued by AC saga and heroes, I looked forward for similar experience with the original title. However, what I found was frustration and disappointment. I really wanted to like this game, but I just cant. Its not a pleasant pastime, its a trial of patience, which, I guess, I have, because Ive actually finished the game. But it was not a fun ride, you would expect from such a popular title.The only way and reason I find this game worth anyones time and money is with discount and to find out how the whole AC saga began.p.s. Theres is one great thing about it, though. It does not have uPlay overlay.