This is a flawed, clunky game but its a really, really good flawed, clunky game.Premise You are Desmond, a regular guy who is kidnapped and forced to help the Templar secret society locate a MacGuffin to take over the world. You do this by strapping yourself intothe Animus to launch yourself through time and space and relive the memories of your longdead ancestor Altar IbnLaAhad, a Syrian assassin during the Third Crusade who is himself an enemy of the Templars. Altar must assassinate nine key templars and stop the evil Robert de Sabl from finding the mindcontrolling Apple of Eden meanwhile Desmond must figure out in the present day what the hell his Templar captors want and how to get himself out of this situation.The Good For the time it came out, this is a really, really beautiful game, with obvious care put into the painstaking recreation of the four 12th century cities that most of the game takes place in. This game starting the Assassins Creed tradition of perching on a high viewpoint and receiving a gorgeous rotating view of the intricate architecture of the surrounding city. Theres also a lot of fun, rich history here  not exactly my thing, but even I could appreciate how much research went into this. The story, while slow, was fairly interesting with a few decent twists and turns. This includes the presentday story, which hooked me in and definitely left me wondering where the story of Desmond was going next even as I knew the story of Altar was over. The platforming? Good lord, the platforming! Assassins Creed has used roughly the same platforming for so long that its a little hard to remember now, but this game did innovative things with freerunning, climbing, and exploration that are still being ripped off by a number of games to this day. Theres a lot of fun side missions, and I never got tired of leaping from the rooftops to unexpectedly assassinate a corrupt guard that was giving an innocent civilian a hard time. The side missions dont have as much story as they would in later iterations of the series, but I found them very fun in a minigame kind of way. This was a game where collecting the collectables and doing the side missions was worth the extra time spent to me, which in all my time gaming I have really only considered to be true for the Assassins Creed series and the Arkham series  everything else loses me. Finally, the characters of Desmond and Altar themselves are a lot of fun. Altar walks a fine line between being a young, hopeful action protagonist and an outofcontrol ego monster, and its much more fun to have a hero so flawed.The Bad Ubisoft had not quite figured out how to do cutscenes right yet, so you get a lot of Altar awkwardly pacing around while the head Assassin lobs exposition at him from across the room. The controls were mapped in such a nonintuitive way that probably indicates a lazy porting from console  not gamebreaking, but I did find myself needing to check the controls every few minutes, else I would end up assassinating random peasants when I thought I was pressing the button to blend in with them. Finally, as mentioned, the story is slow as molasses. Its worth it in the end, but patience is a definitely a prerequisite virtue to really enjoy this game.Conclusion Parts of this game almost turned me off to the Assassins Creed series entirely with how clunky they were. But overriding a few glitches and flaws is a unique, lovingly crafted experience wrapped in a deep conspiracy theory storyline with a number of generationdefining stealth and freerunning mechanics. 