Assassins Creed is a tale of two games the one that is an interesting and new intelectual property, and the one that reeks of committeebased game design focus grouped for mass market consumption. I desperately wanted to play the first, but the second wouldnt leave me be and ultimately became the experience of this game.Ubisofts brand of boring and repetitive combat makes its series debut in AC. Add to that the three virtually identical main set pieces, and you will be left amazed as I was that so bland a game could come from the hundreds of creative people who had a hand in making this title. Adding more creativity to the production does not necessarily mean more creativity in the final product to be sure.The tragedy of AC is that underneath all this blandness lies a pretty interesting story of intertemporal... well... something or other. The story was obfuscated by the very presentation that was meant to tell it. I had to youtube the ending and secret story points after beating the game just to see wtf happened. This obfuscation could have been by design, which is possible as Ubisoft does tend to put the finer points of the games story into easter eggs to be found by the player. And maybe thats my fault for not recognizing and engaging that. But with such a bland gameplay experience, I was left uninterested in anything other than finding something exciting and pulsepounding about Assassins Creed, which is ostensibly an action game. Reading ingame emails and interpreting glyphs on walls would not have qualified as exciting at that point for me.The final and in my opinion unforgivable Fyou from Ubisoft is that this game has in effect no ending. Clearly Ubisoft had intentions to serialize this franchise, which is fine. But you have to have an ending in the first release of an IP, even if you have a cliffhanger in it as AC did. The original Halo did it, Star Wars did it. Its a rule. Period.Assassins Creed works, and somewhere in there is a compelling story, but youre probably better off with either of Ubisofts other platforming/action titles Splinter Cell or Prince of Persia. 