I sort of recommend this game. There should really be a neutral buttom, because 2017, this game is a bit meh.See, when I first played assassins creed, way back when it was first released, I was blown away by how beautiful the game was, and how awesome it was to be able to freerun. My entire first playthrough was just me being mesmerized by how awesome it was to be able to move more or less how you want to. But as I went to replay this game a second time, a year after my first playthrough, it was a lot less appealing. Now, many years later, I replay this game here on steam, and I can look at the game with a fresh set of eyes.Playing assassins game the first time is sort of like having a summer fling on a festival or concert when youre in your early teens. Youre blown away by how good they look, and how much in common you have, and how awesome and open they are. But theyre really only good for that summer fling, beause the whole infatuation is shallow and lacks content. Thats what assassins creed is to me. It still looks good after all these years... But behind the polished surface, there isnt a whole lot to be attracted yo. Theres tons of bugs in spite of all time that has gone by, and the controls is clunky and unwieldy. You are still asked at time to do things which will be hard not because its hard, but because you cant really make the controls do what you want them to. Did you enter a ladder at a weirld camera angle? Now W on your keyboard doesnt make the main character go up, but instead down. Did you run too close to a bench while being pursued by guards? Now your character will sit on it instead of keep running. Did you enter combat? Now your character will draw his sword, even if you would prefer another weapon and had a different weapon drawn.These are just loose examples. Assassins Creed is packed with these issues. Sometimes, carrying out certain missions is not a delight, but a chore, because you are aware that while you can come up with a good plan for how to perform the mission, the most likely reason you will fail it, is because of a bug. Not because of game difficulty or something similar, but because there are still issues with the game and when the game is sporting an ancient save system, it means replaying large contents of the game over and over.Well on to other things.The main character is both believeable and unfortunatley a bit boring. As an assassin, taking lives every other day, you can imagine that someone must become hard on the inside to cope with the problems. It takes a certain type of person to do those things, and even if youre not bent on murder in particular, that sort of life will likely bend your mind to a single purpose  the cause. So Altair is not a deep person, he doesnt seem to have a background which would be interesting to explore, and he doesnt have any meaningful personal relationships either. He sort of just... Goes through life, assassinating people, because thats who he is. And thats great. Its believable to me. But its also boring. I never felt that I got to know Altair, I dont really know who he is outside of his knife stabbing personna. And that is a bit of a shame. Ubisoft does a better job with later iterations of assassins creed and its characters.The story is forgettable. Theres a story twist, but you can spot it coming long long before its revealed to the character. Theres not a whole lot of side missions beside the main story, and for being a free roam game... Theres not much to roam in. I mean, the maps are huge but... Theres just you, the main story and some side missions to help you succeed with the main story, and ten million billion collectibles. Alright, not that many. But still, Ubisoft sure tried to fluff replayability of the game by having a lot of flags one can collect.In either case, since the game is now pretty cheap, I do recommend it. But I advise seeing it as a prequel to the story about Ezio Auditore, which is the protagonist in the next three games assassins creed 2, assassins creed brotherhood, and assassins creed revelations, rather than a game of its own. 