This game does not require UPlay. That alone will sell it for some people, so I figured Id start with that.Still here? Alright.The controls for freerunning are mostly handled by the game, you simply hold the right buttons down and push the direction you want to go. Im usually skeptical about letting a game try to decipher what I wanted my character to do based on very little actual control, but in this case, I almost never fell to my death based on a decision the game made for me, which is good. The combat is pretty easy, and the controls are as tight as the sequels. The swordplay is intuitive. Usually, the only time you will get destroyed is if you happen across an elite enemy early on, with many of your advanced skills missing. The combat in this game is very much for fans of the onemanarmy idea. There is very little actual stealth required. Even if you screw it up and the entire city is out to kill you, you can defend yourself without a problem if you can counter. That said, the stealth is not unfun. The game is very upfront about giving you feedback on everything you need to know about who or what is or isnt your enemy, what you can and cant get away with, and when you are and arent visible, at all times.The story is good, but its better in the sequels. Its also pretty repetitious in this game. After your first or second assassination, you can probably decide for yourself if you will enjoy the rest of the game. The only break from the norm is near the end, where you will be forced to play out the onemanarmy scenario mentioned above, so again, I emphasize, this is not really a stealth game. Its a hackandslash with stealth elements, where both are mostly optional. This means, though, that you are given the choice of how you want to play the game. You can hide in plain sight, mocking your enemies from the crowd, or you can be a total delinquent, make the guards very angry, and kill the beggars that throw rocks at you the game stops penalizing you for that once the story is completed. The assassination missions also have multiple solutions. You are given a lot of freedom in terms of gameplay, again, except at the end. Stealth is impossible during the final chapter. Overall, I would recommend playing through Ezios storyline Assassins Creed 2, Brotherhood, and Revelations first, then giving this one a try if you find yourself a fan. The sequels are superior, but this one is also worth looking at.