Assassins Creed is a fascinating fillerfest that has very little to do with assassination.Assassins Creed presents itself in a dual narrative. You are Desmond Miles a New York bartender and kidnapping victim who awakens on the cold metallic slab of the Animus within the minimalist architecture of the Abstergo Corporation. Taken against his will, Desmond is unceremoniously greeted by the abrasive Doctor Vidic and his assistant Lucy. As a child, Desmond belonged to a small enclave of Assassins a secretive brotherhood of trained from birth killers. Although he ran away at the age of sixteen, Abstergo has tracked him down for research. A breakthrough discovery by has revealed that DNA acts as a memory archive, and the Animus as been developed and built for the express purpose of being able to decode and read the ancestral memories of whoever is put into it. Desmonds DNA holds a secret of great importance to Abstergo, and faced with either being thrown into a coma and his mind forcefully sifted through, or voluntarily reliving the life experiences of his ancestors to assist the research team Desmond chooses the latter. Thus his mind is thrust into the twelfth century boots of the Assassin Altair. Belonging to the Assassin Brotherhood located in the Holy Lands, Altair is a skilled but arrogant killer working under the direction of Master Al Mualim in their battle against the Templar Order and any other men deemed evil during the Third Crusade. Altairs conceit leads to instant failure, and he is stripped of all rank and equipment, save for a sword and assassins blade. Offered a chance at redemption, he must track and assassinate nine men of power and misdeed each assigned by Al Mualim. What follows is a genuinely philosophical tale. Like all people, Altairs targets, powerful as they may be are men. They have hopes, dreams, doubts, and fears. The Holy War ravages the land, and Altair is faced with a line dividing friend and foe that is either too blurred or too thin to make out. Are his killings just? Are they any less evil than the acts commited by the men he hunts? Are lies meant to stop the war any worse than the illusions that started it? Much of Assassins Creeds story may not rest well with a person, depending on how religious they are, but for the rest of us its an interesting look at the morality and sacrifices men uphold to build a better world. And thats before you even figure in the crazier surprises the game will throw at you.Assassins Creed is a third person action game with a unique freerunning mechanic. Holding down the freerun button allows Altair to leap, climb, mantle, and dive in a ridiculous number of animations. Buildings with the proper handholds are easily scaled and leaving the slower guards behind by leaping from rooftop to rooftop is a breeze. Altairs actions are entirely automatic and based upon what youre running him towards, but aside from some occasions where the man does absolutely none of the things you want him to do, it works incredibly well for world navigation. Climbing will eventually begin to feel like a chore though. Furthermore, the trained from birth assassination prodigy cant swim, so stay well clear of deep water. Altair can swing his weapons, block, throw knives, riposte enemy attacks, grab enemies to be shoved in any direction, and he can flee if necessary. The combat itself is incredibly simple. Altairs sword swings a little slower and does a little more damage while his dagger swings a little faster and does a little less. The differences are negligible. He can also make use of his hidden blade. Usually intended for stealth kills from behind, sudden frontal attacks on unsuspecting foes, or drop attacks from above the blade can be used as an instant killing riposte in combat. However, the blade cant block. This makes using it come at a price if you arent spot on with your counters. Even then, the combat presents little challenge. The kill moves however, are instant, efficient, and brutal.Each assassination runs the same way as the last. You enter one of the Holy Lands three cities and begin scouring the city by climbing tall structures to get a handle on your surroundings. Scanning the enviroment from these heights reveals investigation opportunities on your map. Each contract has six opportunities but only three are necessary for Altair to get the green light on his kill. None of the investigations are particularly engaging and they repeat the same hand full of missions again and again and again. Repitition and filler are the name of the game. Tall structures not only repeat the same few towers over and over, but the automatic climbing means you wont even get the satisfaction of being challenged to scale them. The assassination attempts themselves are varied in theme and target, but all come down to getting in close and pressing the instakill button. After that, its a mad dash back to HQ as the city goes on alert. Players must lose their pursuers and hide by either concealing themselves or blending with the crowd until the heat dies down. The cities are connected by the winding valley of the Kingdom, a wide open spiderwebbing canyon filled with more towers to climb but not much else save for the next facet of repitition. For the absolutely diehard collectors, Assassins Creed comes stocked with no less than four hundred twenty flags scattered across the realm as well as sixty Templars to kill, numerous towers to climb, and several dozen citizens to save from the hilariously tyrannical guards of each city. Altair is a murder powerhouse and cant go five seconds without stabbing five men in the streets. By the time you reach the target you intend to kill, youll probalby be wading in blood. All of these distractions are best ignored, and the gameplay experience is far more gratifying if you rail gun it down the main story path while avoiding distraction. Each sucessful contract garners a new skill or piece of equipment, and you even get to see Altairs outfit change as he gains more and more abilities.Here the game is a mixed bag. From a visual design standpoint, the cities look incredible. Entire metropolises loaded up on my PC in seven seconds and standing above them on some tall tower gives a great sense of scale. Bustling crowds fill the streets and the environments are rich in detail. On a macro scale, the cities are each unique and laid out in very handcrafted ways, but up close youll start to see a lot of familiar people, towers, buildings, and details. They also fail to really differentiate themselves. Although youll visit the rich, middle, and poor districts of each realm outside of color grading, they all just feel like another dusty twelfth century Arabic cityscape. Animation is absolutley stellar. Its not always perfect and sometimes things dont quite fit, but faces are highly expressive and filled with life. Every single conversation in the game, big and small, has its own animation which lends an excellent sense of body language to characters. And then there are the little things. Cloth cuffs slide down upraised arms. The shadows of clouds grind across the landscape. Droplets of blood scatter from a newly whetted blade as it exits the opposite side of the man it was thrust into. The game is chalk full of these things. None of the music is anything Id much care to listen to on its own, but it all blends perfectly to set the tone while in game as monks whisper and choirs sing. For all the good it does, Assassins Creed hits major technical pitfalls. Entire populations will popin only a block away from you. Shadows are so jagged that they might be used for assassination right up until you stand directly on top of them. Only then do they smooth. These things are unfortunate but not deal breaking. Also great stabbing noises. 