Assassins Creed is an actionadventure stealth game with open world environment from Ubisoft.The first of the series, this game tells the story of Desmond Miles, an assassin descendant who tried to escape his life as an assassin and try to live like normal people. Instead he got kidnapped by the Abstergo Industries. There, his real adventure begins. Desmond is forced to interface with the Animus, a device that is capable to replay genetic memories of the users ancestors. The Abstergo seeks to uncover information about Altar IbnLaAhad, a legendary assassin from the Third Crusade.The gameplay of Assassins Creed is quite interesting but also very repetitive and linear. Its repetitive because before you assassination missions begin, you need to conduct some side mission to get information for your main mission. The side mission include pickpocketing, eavesdropping, interogation and completing various task of your fellow assassins which include, killing guards, race or flag capturing. You will do those side missions everytime youre going to assassinate someone. The good part is, you are free to choose which side mission you want to complete, only 3 from 6 side missions needed for the main missions to unlock. The freedom of the game is also quite big. You can explore the whole city of Damascus, Acre and Jerusalem. Kill guards from behind, help civilian from rogue soldiers, find and kill templar soldiers or climb a tower and perform a leap of faith. You can travel from a city to another city with horses. Despite all these freedom, the game is till linear.The graphics are beautiful and amazingly detailed. The textures are just, amazing. The animation are also very great. The physics effect are also good, you can watch dead guard roll over the rooftops and eventually fall to the ground. The lightning is perfect too. The environment combined with the AI make the game feels more alive with the civilians walking around, the guards patrolling about and some beggars will try to annoy you.Assassins Creed is a good start if you want to dive into the world of Assassins Creed series as this game contains the foundation of the whole story. Even with linear story, you still have the freedom to do many things in this game. I recommend this.Rating 8/10 