Oh man, theres so much to tell about this game that Ill probably spend hours writing this review.The game is pretty old already, so it wont you cost a lot of money. This is the first game of the Assassins Creed series.GraphicsThe graphics are pretty decent for the time the game was released. I played the game with everything set to highest. The landscape views especially outside town are a bit blurry maybe on purpose.SoundsWell I went back to Windows XP to play this game because the NPCs didnt have sound in Windows 7. But I can imagine that the developers did not expect people to play this game in Windows 7 because Windows 7 did not exist at the time of the release of the game.During exploration of the game the music changes depending on the activities that happen. You have combat music, sounds of slicing weapons, people screaming when they discover dead bodies.I also liked NPCs commenting on my failed attempts to climb buildings, falling and hurting myself and such.GameplayIm very impressed with the gameplay. The game plays very smooth. It looks like they tackled all the bugs and it feels pretty natural to play. A controller is unfortunately not supported so I played with keyboard and mouse.The most challenging for me were the battles. Best way to do battle is to defend and wait for the right timing to attack. This is also what is taught in the tutorial.Sometimes the fights takes place in tight corners, which is more challenging than usual.I liked doing both the main and side quests. I really love how they took care of these quests.The game made me feel like a real Assassin. I could use stealth to accomplish a lot of my missions.BugsThe game only crashed once during my entire game experience.EconomyI noticed a lot of beggers in the game asked for coins. I wouldnt mind giving them some coins if I had any. I did hear that the next game Assassins Creed II would have coins.SavepointsThe game saves automatically after each mission.HistoryI think this game is a good approach to mix gaming and history. I never liked history in school, but while playing the game I discover and learn a lot about the past. Of course what has been written in the books is not always true, right?ImprovementsI could not run in the Animus room, which was a bit frustrating.The fields between cities were a bit useless to me. I could just use my horse to outrun all the soldiers on foot.I did not collect all the flags. There were too many.Also at the beginning I was not sure what to do with the Templars? Actually Im still not sure...Q Would you buy the next game in the series?A Definately 