So heres what is odd. If this review was written after my first play through when I played the game back on a PS3 some many years ago, I would only halfhalfheartedly recommend this game. However, after a full play through and many years to consider what had been bothering me before about the game, I finally had the proper mindset for this game.You see, in this game, a game about stealthy killing or in my case, not so stealthy killing all the mechanics feed into that activity. For example, it annoyed me in the original play through that I couldnt just pickpocket money to give to beggars to make them go away, or to buy knives from merchants. Now I realize in my second play through that these things are mechanics meant to make being sneaky that much harder the drunks, mentally impaired, beggars, etc are all there to make it harder for you to kill and silently blend into the crowd. It bothered me that the game seemed more interested in making me run than stand and fight with this newest play through, I see that they are trying to teach that discretion is the better part of valor, sometimes. In other words, running from a fight is not a bad thing. Not that that kept me from killing over 20 guards in a row, but it takes a bit of finesse, and full command of all your abilities. This isnt God of War or Darksiders or some spectacle fighter, you arent meant to hurtle towards foes though near the endgame you certainly can.The game feeds that need for moving fast, for speed and alacrity that is fed in other games by battle, but here its fed by efficiency. Be it moving over rooftops, through streets, killing guards, hiding, climbing, assassinating, escorting, whatever you do, the game expects you to be as efficient as possible, to make choices and change those choices as the situation demands.In other words, even 6 years after its release, this game still is very good at forcing you to know all your tools. You cant just know one attack, one move, and expect the game to work fine. You could still get through, but the game would be much less fun. No, this game demands that you know it well to play it well. In that, it demands knowledge, and the intelligence of when to use your knowledge. Much in the same way Altair must learn, you to must learn.And to me, that is a possible mark of a good game. Highly recommended, especially with those for the patience to learn. 