Here we are with the game that started it all. Assassins Creed is an action adventure game where you play as two characters simultaniously. The first main character, Desmond Miles, awakes to find he has been kidnapped by the company Abstergo and only knows they want a memory from his ancestor Altair. They plan to retrieve it through a machine called the Animus, that lets you live the memories of your ancestor. Due to this narrative, the stories of the two characters are seen side by side in an engaging experience.The gameplay is rather basic in some areas, but is enjoyable regardless. Mainly the combat boils down to pressing the attack button until the enemy attacks back and then destroying them with a single counter attack. While it is a sometimes unengaging system, there is something satisfying about mowing town twenty or so guards with just your sword. Stealth kills with the hidden blade and throwing knifes are cool to look at and done rather well. I like that in order to replenish throwing knifes, you have to steal from other criminals as they are the only people who would have them. The free running mechanics are absolutley great from my experience. Running from rooftop to rooftop and scaling insanley high buildings seems to flow perfectly. It only took the starting sequence to fully pick up and master the climbing.This game does have a progression system, but its in a very clever way. Instead of having the player loot items off of enemies or buy them from a shop, the player is given them as a reward for completing assassinations on different targets. Abilties such as grabbing ledges when falling are gradually restored as the game progresses. Items as well, such as throwing knifes, additional hit points, counter kills and increased sword damage are given throughout each sequence. Another progression gated from doing content is the synchronization bars which are basically hit points. The game has a counter for every fifteen additional memories. Once these are completed, Altair is granted an extra hit point.The Sound design in this game is perhaps its biggest burden. Certain sound effects, such as the hidden blade, throwing knifes sword sounds and footsteps are ASMR glory, other effects are absolutley dull and sometimes dreadful. The sound effect when plunging into a three foot deep canal shatters your ears as the sound of Optimus Prime farting cascades from your speakers. The repetitive nature of the five note jingle when picking up a collective becomes nasuating when going for a 100 completion. The dialogue from public speakers and beggars alike becomes recitable after spending a few hours in Damascus or Acre. The amount of times Altair was called an infidel far exceeds the variety of mission types in the game. Sometimes I found that the dialogue from guards in combat sounded grainy and low quality. With how often combat happens in the Kingdom zone, this became super apparant rather quick.The score sadly suffers from some of the same ailments. While the music is very high in sound quality, beautiful and absolutley nails the atmosphere for each city, it is very repitive. Each city only has two different tracks that play in the background. The combat music is different for each city, but is exactly the same, and gets old very very quickly. The track for combat in Acre is so boring and unintersting. Its literally just four chords over and over again as a bunch of chavs swarm Altair. It doesnt help the already boring zone and makes any sequence in Acre absolutley dreadful.I always review visuals based on the year they came out. This game was released in late 2007, and looks damn good for that year. The textures are really good quality and the player and character models are also superb for that year. Another thing I was impressed with was the draw distance. I rarely couldnt see something in the distance if I was on the other side of the city. The Color palettes in Jerusalem and Damascus are absolutley gorgeous and bring the zones to life. These cites feel like a flourashing, vibrant, world due to these visual effects. Acre and the Kingdom, however, suffer from what I call Fallout 3 syndrome. The developers thought it would be a good idea to put a nastygrey filter and color pallete over these two zones. Luckily for Fallout 3 there is a mod to deal with this issue, but these games not as much. These zones became absolutley disgusting due to these graphics, horrible music, and annoying british chavs and hags gabbering into a microphone. The flaws really begin to pour in when going for a 100 and having to study the environment. Acre and the kingdowm were absolutley dreadful and horrible due to the above statements.Oh boy. This game hasof content. The issue with said content is that it is EXTREMELY REPETITIVE. Even main missions all boil down to the exact same fomula. You beat a guy up, pickpocket from a guy, eavesdrop on a guy Which is just sitting on a bench and pressing a button, gathering flags, and assasinating two guys. Then after all that, you can go do the only unique missions in the game of assasssinating your target, although only three of the above are necessary to complete to begin the assassination. In terms of side content You are stuck with climbing towers, killing guards to save citizens, killing templars and Gathering a metric  TON of flags. Sometimes, doing the main content begins to feel like a drag and a chore, Doing the side content is a whole new beast. Its so bad that I didnt really even enjoy my last eleven hours of gameplay. Scaling a tower for the 50th time is not fun or engaging. Saving an old man from five guards and then him saying your reward is his sons knowing of your true bravery is not engaging or fun. Playing hide and go seek with flags is fun at first, but after a zone becomes dreadful. The templars are the only side activity I found to be consistently fun. Ive accidently discovered them a few times and was shocked as Altair went flying into a wall. All this becomes worst if you decide to do it at the end of  the game, and find out there is no free roaming mode. A previous memory must be loaded to access the game. Al Mualims lectures are great and all, but not after hearing it for the tenth time in a row.This game had two bugs, one gamebreaking, and one issue. The issue is that if you decide to check discord and ALT TAB from the game, it goes to windowed mode. From no humanly way I saw, could this be reversed. There was no graphics option to fix it, it is just stuck that way. The only way to fix this is two restart the game and with the annoying issue of memory loading, it became dreadful to tab out of the game. The first bug I encountered only happened once and was minor. During combat, I was countered by an enemy and couldnt get off the ground. I just layed there and couldnt move as all the cities guards started killing each other in confusion of trying to hit me. The only solution was to restart the memory. The final and worst of all is the bugged collectibles in this game. Thats right, I didnt even get a 100 because this game has a bug where a flag wont count on the counter and there is no way to fix it. I noticed the counter was stuck and didnt change, so five mintues later i looked it up and i was disgusted. I searched the entire poor district three times with a guide and cannot find the last hospitilar flag. I was upset that I trudged through getting all the flags and templars for nothing as I couldnt even get the 100. Very nasty bug that somehow wasnt patched.Assassins Creed suffers mainly from reptitiveness, but is still a great experience for its fun gameplay and amazing plot.ScorePick it up on Sale. 