For starters, only play this game if you insist on playing it. Other wise, just skip it. It is not worth your money and it is a terrible game. Here are some reasons why.The BadStoryThe story is very generic and its ending is laughable. The characters are almost none existent and the story seems to have trouble developing itself, most notably towards the end of the game where the story just collapes in on itself and doesnt make sense anymore, leaving on an ending that leaves a very bitter taste in your mouth. The story does have a few twists and turns you wont you see coming and they can be very suspenseful, but none of them last and are only small moments that shine. As a whole, the story is unsatisfying and leaves much to be desired.GameplayNow, the gameplay as a whole isnt exactly bad. In fact, it can be quite good. For example, combat can be fun and satisfying and the freerun system is equally satifying. However, the game mechanics work 90 of the time, but the other 10 it doesnt work makes the game infuriating. The 10 is most notable whenever you are running away from guards, and Altair decides to have a panic attack and jump to whatever platform he feels like, coating himself with gorilla glue in the process, in order to stick to every pixel possible at the worst times. It can be very difficult to control Altair during this instances and leads to possibly broken monitors. As a whole, gameplay can be fun, but usually results in frustration due to annoying controls and error in game mechanics.The GoodStoryThe only good that comes from the story is the unexpected twists and turns. I geniunely didnt see them coming and some of them did suprise me, leaving me somewhat interested in the story.GameplayThe 90 of the time that the game works, its enjoyable and fun.VerdictI only recommend this game to people who just want to beat the game to be able to say that they have played it. If you are interested in it for other reasons, I say just look up a summary of the story on the internet and go and buy the 2nd game. 