Third person view assassination parkour simulator.The simulator is especially befitting as this is in fact a story of one kidnapped Desmond Miles, set in what appears to be a not so distant future. Machine called Animus stimulates genetic memories of our hero to put him in shoes of his ancestor, assassin Altar ibnLaAhad, during times of the Third Crusade.This meta story is definitely one of the highlights of this adventure game. The other being the pretty well executed, smooth freerunning exploration aspect. I also love how the whole Animus business explains lots of acceptable breaks from reality present in video games. But then who will explain the stuff that is going on for Desmond? xDI would hesitate though to call this much of action game or especially stealth game. Its rather easy, for one, bar maybe the very end and any area that has water as Altar can survive falls from some rather jarring heights but cant swim even in a puddle of liquid. But okay, let it be an action adventure.For two, however, regarding the stealth aspect. Youre not that much interesting to the guards to begin with and then you simply have one button to make you even less interesting, kind of hiding in plain sight blending. Once you do garner unhealthy interest what you do is run away, break line of sight and hide in some hay or something, often jumping there from some ridiculous heights.Except you often get this impression it is actually easier and faster to kill dozen of guards rather than to run from them and hide.In short, the stealth aspect is actually barely present and not that all rewarding, especially compared to something I would call proper stealth like in Dishonored or even Deus Ex HR or Batman. Not mentioning Thief, of course, thats a given. But I imagine I have to set this expectation for the whole series that this is more about the story, freerunning and mass murder rather than stealth. Not saying its bad, just bit different from what I originally anticipated.Arguably the most challenging part is gathering literally hundreds of some flags loitered around, yet it gives you pretty much nothing, there arent even uplay points or steam achievements for that on consoles youd get achievos at least. Sufficient to say I gave up on that portion  Even creator pretty much agreed he was just trolling players with that.Although I did execute all the side missions even if youre required to do only a fraction of them to proceed.Ah.. the missions.. Thats another stab at gameplay. Despite all the open ended nature, it gets pretty repetetive. Maybe thats why they decided not to force all side missions on you.Overall Id still say it is a pretty interesting experience, and even if it didnt exactly meet my expectations it did nicely set off the whole franchise and cant wait to play the next installments. 