This game is a little deceptive in its marketing, in that its not really a game about assassination. Oh, sure, the assassinations drive the plot, and they are probably the high points of the game, but a lot of this game made more sense to me when I discovered it was originally concieved as a Prince of Persia spinoff. And that really is the case  the chase sequences and getting around the openworld environment generally consists of hopping and swinging around. It lacks the motivational buzzsaws and spiked pits of its forebear, but the combat and platforming is really remisicent of the Sands of Time series.A lot of people complain about the controls, and the onebutton platforming can result in some annoying moments. When it works, its delightful as you leap from beam to beam effortlessly. But sometimes, youll be running across rooftops, trying to flee some guards, and running into a small raised portion you expect to spring over, when suddenly you cling to it like a koala as the guards surround you. The fault, to me, is largely in the environments, which at times have obstacles or areas the controls really arent designed for.The missions are the simple fare youd generally expect for an openworld game  go here, fight there, etc. Most missions are repeated over and over, making the assassinations a fresh breath of air between having to rescue scores of civilians. If you dont worry about completing every mission, I understand this game can be powered through in a few hours, like many openworld games. Most of the missions are simple and not terribly difficult, with the exception of some later stealth missions that are a frustrating exercise in trial and error.Despite being over half a decade old at the time of this review, the game is gorgeous. The environments are immersive and great, and the missions where you climb up to the top of a viewpoint never got old for me on account of the amazing vistas. About the only criticism that really can be leveled are the somewhat wooden faces during cutscenes. As far as game art goes, its a great artistic achievement, with a distinctive environment.Combat is much like Prince of Persia, only the main issue is that basic timing with counterattacks will win nearly every fight. Most of my fights consisted on spamming attacks, and as soon as an enemy attacked, counter. The game often tries to punish you for transgressions with hordes of guards, which are easily dispatched to clear your wanted status. Its similar to the fighting systems from later games like Arkham Asylum or Sleeping Dogs, only plagued with one good solution to many issues.The story and setting are interesting and unique, even if the overall plot ends up a bit lacking. The assassination targets are often interesting and blatantly cast in shades of grey, often leaving it to the player as to whether or not their death was warranted. Unfortunately, many of the assassinations boil down to a plain fight, often without a means to perform a clean kill. Despite the Crusadesbased setting, it doesnt play heavily into the plot, and doesnt delve too much into matters of history, instead focusing on its own conspiratorial mythology. The modern framing sequences are interesting in their implications, but are hampered by strictly being a narrative device, not allowing the player any agency and a bare minimum of exploration.Despite the flaws, Id generally recommend giving it a shot if it still sounds interesting, especially since its regularly on sale during the Steam sales. Its a good barometer for deciding whether or not youll enjoy the following games which are major expansions and refinements on the gameplay presented there, and honestly its worth trying as something quite different from an AAA developer. Its an experiment in a lot of ways, though, and you have to go in understanding its a fairly flawed gem.Edit Also ignore the flag collectibles entirely. Its one of the worst collectible systems devised and is entirely skippable, and you earn nothing more than having a spot filled in on your pause menu. Avoid.