I will recommend this game for those of us who love the Assassins Creed games. Good story and wonderful graphics for its time. If youre just getting this game and have never played it, you will enjoy the story and the gameplay most of the time, hopefully.With that being said, I will move onto the pros and cons portion of this reviewPROS Beautiful graphics with zero FPS drops. Good storyline that will have you hooked and have you wondering what will happen next. Fun parkour and stomach clenching goodness like that famous Leap of Faith move. Once you get the hang of it, the combat is extremely fun and challenging.CONS Very glitchy. There will be many cases where the game will disagree with the controls I demand, and I go flying off of something I didnt even aim for. I have gotten killed from Leap of Faiths not being rendered correctly as well. I also had an issue with Memory Block 0 where you have to throw a dude into a specific location. I would do so, and the game would brick itself and continuously reload the tutorial without the dude reappearing with it. I had to start over several times before it finally registered that I was passing that sequence. Since I played this game on the Xbox 360 originally, I thought it only fair to go ahead and get my Elite controller out and play. Forewarning, you WILL have to redo almost every single control button if you decide to use a controller versus the mouse and keyboard. The buttons were not mapped accordingly as the game had intended them to be, BUT that could also be from me using an Elite Xbox One controller which has several different buttons to map from versus a standard Xbox controller. You will need to make sure your machine is compatible with this game. Though its older, it is still graphic intensive. You need a good processor as it recommends, you will need at LEAST a dual core processor, and a decent graphics card wouldnt hurt too much.The only reason I gave the con list more detail is due to the fact that I do want to help some people out who are considering buying it and/or having similar issues to what I was having. This game is old, and it has its fair amount of issues, but it is definitely worth the purchase regardless. You might have moments of WTF?! while youre playing it, but as I recall, the 360 version was like that as well. A lot of people have said AC2 is better simply because the controls are smoother and the glitches are less frequent which is true coming from someone who has played both of them. Still, though. Whether it be for nostalgic purposes, or youre wanting to get into where it all began, I highly recommend you buy this game. 