A truly new and fresh game back in the days, where parkour meets pseudo  historic fights with evil templars.That game was a really nice distraction from most of the stuff released back then. But what it has to offer now?First of all this is really part of trilogy pentalogy? depicts a story of one guy, named Desmond Miles, snatched by some organization, locked in a room and forced to relive past lives of his ancestors in search for... Well that would be a spoiler, so I let You to find out.Game take place in two different places, one being today reality and second in middle ages Holy Land. While present offers some background story of Desmond and his story, the Animus part is where the fun really happens. Youre an Assassin named Altar IbnLaAhad, sent by Your order to kill cartoonishly evil templars in attempt to free Holy Land from their grasp. Altar also slowly reveals their true purpose there and his job became one of finding something hidden through generations... Overall story is pretty good and makes almost no effort in captivating player.Now little about gameplay  it is a third person perspective, where Youre allowed to climb almost every building in game. Unfortunately the climbing itself is a little clunky, but if You can grind Your teeth a little, You will get satisfaction quickly. Apart from this there is some horse riding, running on rooftops and many fights. Altar slowly gets better weapons and means to fight more enemies at once, without dying. Fights themselves are pretty spectacular, with many different finishers and moves, depending on weapons used. They are also pretty intuitive, if one learn their moves.Main quests are done very good, but side quests are really boring and repetetive, and that is very unfortunate, as they do very little to expand the story, and they can be just ignored.While game aged a little, some vistas still are magnificent. Animations of fights are done very good too. You will notice that many building looks the same, but that cant be avoided in a game that big and somewhat complex. Overall graphics are pretty good.Do I have to tell You that the preferred way to do that is by playing with a controller? No, I think not.P. S. Remember  water is Your most deadly enemy, and You cant counter it