I want to mention that this is my second time when I finish this game, the first time Ive did almost 7 years ago, on a pirated copy. I didnt remember much from that period because I was young and didnt payed too much attention to the story or the details, so I really enjoyed this second playthrough, because I was able to learn much more.Impressions  ScoreStory 9 out of 10The story in Assassins Creed is very captivating and fascinating, because it uses historical characters.  The main plot is that the history of religion as we know its a lie and the people were manipulated using advanced technology to believe certain facts. The action in the game takes place in september 2012 5 years after the game was launched in 2007 and the main protagonist is Desmond, who is forced to relive the memories of his ancestor Altair using a machine called the Animus, by an umbrella corporation ABSTERGO, in order to find some lost artifacts. The memories of Altair are from the year 1191 during the Crusades and it involves the Templars and the Assassins, templars found the truth and wanted to use the advanced object to control the population and make order in the world, while the assassins  think that peace should be attained by choice and not imposed, and they will try to stop them.  While the idea of the story is very good, the way is told, isnt very clear and by the end of the game youll have more questions than answers. Also at the end of the game youll be able to see some cryptic messages and images, for which I strongly advise to search explanation on the internet, because they are very  interesting. Overall I will give a good score for the story, mostly because of its original idea.Graphics 9 out of 10The graphics in this game are good, not exceptional but good. I really liked how the lighting was done and the design of each city. There are of course flaws and multiple glitches and some details are poorly done like certain trees or the water, this is why I cannot give the maximum score. Does the graphics really deserve a 9? Some of you might disagree, but the high score is because of a personal preference for the time period, and not from a technical point of view.Gameplay 6.5 out of 10Yes, even if the gameplay was cool for 2007 and was considered innovative by many, for me it wasnt the case. The jump system and moves were similar to another good game Prince of Persia, with a lot of improvements, of course. So why a medium score? Well, first because the majority of the investigations and missions are repetitive as hell which becomes boring after the third time you do them, because the AI follows predefined paths, because the assassinations are almost always the same Im refering only to the options to kill your target, not the cutscenes so the investigations become even more pointless, since the outcome is always the same, because the fighting is very simple and you can rarely die in this game Ive played the game with no HUD interface at all no sync bar, gps etc. and died just a few times in combat and that because I was rushing  to kill my enemies, because most of the characters have no personality, because of no unique abilities for the enemy targets etc. After all this list of bugs/errors, you probably wonder why I gave it a 6 and not a 2, I guess because its fun, the game is really casual and Ive did all the repetitive investigations for the story details, which is a very good story.Audio 8.5 out of 10The audio is good, but I would have prefered to hear more diverse soundtracks, especially during combat.AI Behavior 7 out of 10The AI is bad, repetitive and sometimes glitchy. The high score is not because of the fighting system or the guards, its because of the people inside the cities and the horses, which move realistic. I really liked to see this type of behavior, the crowd has a very good collision system and that makes cities feel alive. I can only appreciate this type of work done by the programmers, but I cannot say the same about the fighting which is repetitive and easy, with just 2 combinations you can defeat dozens of enemies, the only challenge that youll have when facing AI enemies is numbers, not quality. The are a lot of funny situations where the AI behaves like a complete idiot, for example not seeing that you jump right in front of them in a pile of hay , or not seeing that you just killed one of their friends a few meters from them Im not talking about stealth kill here, Im talking about the stupid soldiers that dont react when there is a fight a few meters from them  I mean Ubisoft could have increased their detection range when the combat music starts, so that every soldier nearby can come and help his comrades, falling like idiots from buildings  just try and make 10 soldiers or more follow you on a cliff or a tall building in the Kingdom area, and then do a ledge grab youll notice that the idiots cannot attack you and they will start to push each other off the building and die, until only 34 remain etc. The AI needs a lot of work in the next sequels.Multiplayer noneOverall 8 out 10This is a good game, the great things about this game are its story, the graphics and the main character Altair. The bad things, well the main bad things are enemy AI and the repetitive missions, I can pardon Ubisoft for a weak AI, since the game, overall is well made, but I dont like the fact that they were very lazy in designing the investigations, I mean on the Xbox and Playstation, they are just 4 investigation types that repeat 56 times, and on the PC they added just 2 more which also repeat 56 times throught the game. They could have added small details, like names for each character that gives you a mission, or more interesting side assassinations etc. , details that will remove a bit from the feeling of repeating the same activity over and over again in each district, in each city. They left the investigations to be done at random but in the memory block they put a specific order, I didnt liked this stuff, since  you either give me full free choice or you make it linear I dont like doing an investigation and then seing that it was actually the 4th one in the memory block and that I should have done 3 others before it. I recommend buying the game, especially now that it costs less than 10 EUR, I paid less than 2.5 EUR during a sale on steam, but be warned that the end leaves many things unanswered, so youll want to buy the sequel and the one after it, etc.  I will start doing the sequel now, Ill be back with the next review.