My experience playing Assassins Creed? Well, imagine youre back in school. Its English class and dictation time. You like English and welcome the challenge. So, you master this task and look forward to the next topic. But instead of changing the subject, the teacher forces you to write down the same text he or she has just dictated. Again. And again and again, the very same text, merely replacing a word here and there. Eight times, to be precise. Thats Assassins Creed.As an assassin fallen from grace, you are given the mission to assassinate nine people in order to bring peace to the Holy Land. Each target sits somewhere in one of three large cities. In order to access missions vital for your task, you have to climb to the top of towers, churches and minarettes and get a view of your surroundings from there. If you are bored, you can rescue citizens from being terrorized by city guards. The actual missions to unlock the target are eavesdropping, interrogation and pickpocketing. Once you completed enough of these critical missions, you move in and kill the target. The actual assassination is the only part with a bit of variety. The rest is. Exactly. The. Same. Nine times. This is where AC transcends ist existence as a game and becomes something a game should never, ever be A chore.If you are REALLY bored, you can spend your time finding hidden flags and assassination target, which reward you with more energy bars. BUT You can get all bars by climbing the view spots and saving the citizens, all things which are marked on your map. So, unless theres some supersecret unlockable Ive never heard of, you have zero reasons to do these sidequests. Oh, sure, you get your XBox 360 achievements for them, so if youre after them, feel free to Wait.There are good and worthwhile things in Assassins Creed. The atmosphere is nice, if a bit cold. The cities are wellrealized. The animation of your player character is nothing short of spectacular, even now. The freerunning is great fun... and honestly the only thing that made see this one through. Now, I havent played the second part yet, but from what Ive heard, its supposed to be far superior. And, granted, the game tried something new, and you cant expect it to get it right the first time. But this... this feels less than a fullydeveloped game than a proofofconcept. And by its very definition, a proofofconcept is not supposed to get released. 