The combat is enjoyable and thrilling and one of my favorite parts of the game. Counters, and otherand the combat strategy is simple.When Im caughtand its hilarious to see the bodies pile up.Refilling my knife supply is easy thanks to being able to pickpocket the thugs. Also, only needing to press 4 buttons to choose my weapons is easier than that hold Q and select stuff that appears in the next games.Hiding spots are more scarce than in Ezios games. Its harder to escape with wonky controls. Trying to climb a building or run through a crowd swiftly is difficult and can be quite frustrating, which is why its usually easier to massacre the place.I love the investigation missions. Eavesdropping and pickpocketing make me feel so sneaky. The flag races are not too difficult in terms of time limit, and this was a blessing for me. As for the timed merchant stand missions, more difficult, but I like the challenge. The interrogations are satisfying, but can get kind of messy if thugs get involved. Then theres the assassination missions, whether it be ground targets or archers, where you need to remain undetected. The stealth is fun and quite fulfilling when I succeed.Along with the investigations come the assassinations themselves. I like how it lets you be creative with your approach.The rest of the score is decent as well.and the climbing is noticeably slower, but you learn to work with it. I just better not climb up to another view point, be unable to strafe onto the platform, then attempt to jump sideways onto it and end up jumping off the building to my death. Never again. Please Ubisoft. I have flashbacks.Altair is an interesting character, andI was both satisfied and proud aswhich he showed throughout the game. Seeing him always sane and composed is refreshing to me because I, in contrast, am a highly emotional trainwreck.Opposite of Ezio,I really liked this about him. His introversion provides a sense of mystery about him.I like that he is not afraid to be rebellious, a quality that both helped and hurt him. Even though he may have appeared to be mindlessly following orders at times, he seems to be his own person, unaffected by others opinions.Grab your hoodies and grab your sleeve swords lets get stabbin.