This was a great game!The story started to drag for me after my third assassination target. Go to a city, unlock a new section of the city to explore, unlock all viewpoints, save citizens, do the missions to learn about your target, kill target. Repeat this about 9 different times and thats most of the game. The ending though was honesty a shocker for me as cheesy as it is and really raps up the story and makes me want to see more!I liked what they tried to do in here though. They make you like an actual assassin, learning from many different ways about your target. Becids the, im too lazy to kill these guys...can you kill them for me? missions, I liked them.The guards must also be spoken about in this game. THEY GET REALLY ANNOYING! You nearly bump into them... then the whole city gard seems to be running in to attack you. What makes it more annoying is that the combat is a lot more slower paced taking extra time when more guards seem to respawn around every corner. It is more challenging, giving you combos to take them down easily, but I found it difficult trying to do them with my keyboard.Optimization seemed to be another problem with this game. This game suffers in window mode!! The mouse on your computer will still be moving around and clicking during game play. In other words, as you will be playing the game looking around, you can accidentally left click, and close the game!! I had many times where I moved the screen by accident, or paused the screen during a tense fight because of my my mouse right clicking on the tab!I also had a problem launching the game from steam, as the game kept crashing during the logo of ubisoft came up during launch pretty ironic if you ask me.I only had gotten this game to run in full screen onceI have no idea how. When I tabbed out to check something on discord, the game entered window mode and could never be changed.There is no achievements to go for in this game, so there is little to no replayability in this game. There is extra...stuff to collect after the story, like to collect hidden flags or kill hidden templars, but no reward after it.IN CONCLUSION The story is the only redeeming factor in this game. It kept me interested and wanted me to keep pushing through the assassination targets to see what comes after. Just be prepared to spend a lot of time wasted on killing guards and poor optimization if your stuck in window mode. 