Assassins Creed  The game that has almost as much Sses in it as Mississippi has say that out loud three times in a row and earn your way to become an anchorman on the newsWell, I played this game a long time ago on an not Steamrelated platform, but since I bought the whole franchise lately I might as well give my two cents on this IndieGame as well. Who made it? Ubiso... Well, nevermind.As far as my memory goes back and as strong as it is, I will tell you something about the Story first. You are playing as Ezio Auditore... later in another game... No, you are someone else in this game. You are the allmighty overpowered and underestimated Desmond Miles who happens to be the main character but nobody gives a sht. Thanks to modern technology you are able to lay down and virtually slip into the Anime or what ever that thing was called to connect with the memories of your grandgrandgranddaddys.Even so that in later Episodes of the game you have been given live to the next generation and still are genetically able to relive the life of your Grandparents story, you are pretty much unable to resist doing what the evil doctors tell you when they first put you in the Animu or whatever to become Altar, first of the Assassins in your Bloodline.Now, even so that Raymond is unable to fight back with an simple No, Altar is able to climb the highest buildings around, take a snapshot from above, jump and fall a gazillion miles into an haystack precisely and is still able to get up after and kill a bad guy just before he takes an relaxing walk through the town on the rooftops. Shame on you Superman, you will never be that cool.As the Story goes on, you will find out that your major target as an assassin are the Knights of the Cross, which are all over the place. After their search for taking the land and in search for the wholy grail they slowly running into your blade with open arms. You for your turn as the player would wish for Coconuts instead of the endless horsetrips through the outbacks of mountains and deserts. It is not that it doesnt look good, it is more about the running in circles that is taking the fun out of it.Desmond gets out of the Anonymus from time to time and sniffs around, when it is possible, to become aware of the connections between the past and present lifes until Spoiler the game almost ends.As clever as it is and as good as it sells. All we want is to climb up the buildings and play death from above on every single enemy in town.7/10 Lonesome Cowboy 