Played Assassins Creed AC for the first time in 2017. Almost ten years after its initial release, the game still holds its own against more recent releases.  The protagonist is tasked with various types of missions  not just assassinations  to stop his enemies. Although some combat and some stealth are required at times, our hero more often finds himself eluding hostiles and performing feats of parkour.Although the controls are not immediately intuitive for someone new to the AC series, they are relatively easy to learn and, most of the time, work well with keyboard and mouse control. After a while, running and jumping across rooftops becomes second nature and is one of the more enjoyable aspects of the game. Since combat is not the primary focus of this game, awkward skirmishes with guards can be overlooked. Although there are a few restrictions related to the unfolding plot, there is a surprising amount of freedom in how to proceed through the open world setting of the major zones. Most of the missions are fairly straightforward and not overtly challenging, with some exceptions however, the more challenging missions are optional and not required to complete the game. The major drawback of the missions  and consequently of the game and other games in the AC series  is their repetitive nature.The protagonist, while not entirely forgettable, starts off as headstrong and selfish. He does undergo something of a growth arc through the game. There is no customization, per se, although he does grow in power and gain new abilities, and all the growth is linear.The game is set in the Middle East during the time of the Crusades and revolves around a secret war between the Templars and the Assassins. While the premise is intriguing, its delivery could have been better. The story generally moves forward when the protagonist visits with the leader of the Assassin order for further instructions, but in between, when completing missions, there are only sparse reminders about why he is going about his work. The atmosphere, on the other hand, is wonderfully presented through the lively cities with distinct architeture and various types of citizens on the streets, even if interaction with them is limited.For its age, the graphics in AC hold up well. The AC soundtrack includes audio tracks and queues for various activities, such as discovering a new point of interest. To play the game, I did not have to install any mods or unofficial patches, and with one minor exception on an optional task turning Vsync on/off, I did not encounter any technical issues.None7/10