Total Score  65/100, C Stabby McStabmuffinGraphics and Art  9Sound and Music  8Story and Plot  7Controls  5Creativity and Uniqueness  7Mood and Immersion  7Length, Content, and Replayability  7Functionality  7Character Choice and Customization  3Challenge  5Have you ever had that dream where youre being chased by someone? Well, now you can play that dream! This is a game about running, climbing, jumping, being chased, hiding, and then finally you realize the truth  its just way faster to stop and kill everyone chasing you than it is to run away in the first place. Im not exactly sure if this is what the creaters intended, but its cathartic all the same. All the same, this is a fun little game with a prettygood plot you wont really care about any of the characters, and the main character is only kinda interesting...his artificial arc definitely isnt going to leave you on the edge of your seat...so just get back to the stabbing. As a stealth game, it comes a little short because it really isnt that except for the fact that you do kinda surprise people by suddenly stabbing them, then walking away spoiler alert!. I mean, that would be surprising unless you live in like New York or Chicago or Detroit or LA where you kinda expect random people to do this. As a console port, the controlls are hillariously wonky to the point of comedy, when your character alternates being being a master acrobat to being the most clumsy creature in the world, seemingly at random. The fighting is pretty much the same. This game does have some silly camera tricks, though it generally sometimes avoids annoying angles, unless you are fighting. It has automatic checkpoints, but the saving isnt really a big deal, and it tends to save every time you need it to. This isnt a difficult game, at all, but I think its supposed to be all about the ride. It CTDs very rarely, but its nothing to worry about. Overall, its a better than average ride, all things considered. Oh, yeah, I got all the flags and templars, which takes like a million hours, and do you know you get exactly NOTHING for so doing. Oh, yeah, ignore the flags and templars, unless you hate yourself 