BLUF Interesting story, however characters hold little weight. Relatively repetitive, little replay value. Good starting point into AC Universe, but with no multiplayer or branching story, and little in the way of customization, there is no need to replay the game unless one is looking for deeper meaning in the story. The more recent AC games have also perfected the formula.8/10As the introduction to a now well known and defined franchise by Ubisoft France and other studios, Assassins Creed is the cornerstone entry into now what has become Ubisofts flagship brand.Assassins Creed Directors Cut is the quintessential version of that cornerstone. Ultimately, the game is fun to play to an extent. For those lost in the annals of the Assassins Creed universe, this game is a great stepping stone to move into the now popular revenge, passion, and growth storylines that permeate the modern AC entries. For fans of Ubisofts work, it can serve as an interesting look back at the mechanics and storytelling that launched a new IP.However, I would like to stress that this game is not like its future bretheren. The game has little in the way of customization of either character or playstyle. The unlocks are given at defined intervals and there is significant travel time between mission sets. The gameplay is repetitive, taking place through a variety of event types that ultimately lead you up to an extended mission with a difficult situation to overcome tactically. However there is no replay value, as the missions do not change. The graphics are dated 7 years later, and the Directors Cut content does not add anything that changes the way the mission sets play out.I do want to note that the game places much of stress onto players to approach situations how they want while being given the tools to do so. Two of the 68 side missions are required for the player to approach the setending assasination attempt, which leaves it to the player to decide how much preparation they want to place behind their precision. The future entries in the AC Universe certainly distill this methodology of player agency and expand on it, incorporating the side missions into the main story, therefore lengthening the story and making the work up to an assassination attempt significant in a different way.I would also like to stress that the story is different as well. The story for AC was developed following the loose adaptation of Vladimir Bartols Alamut. The story is not the typified AC norm emotionally scarring event that leads the protagonist into a catharsis, forging the character and leading to the emergence of an assassin moving to vanquish those who wronged him/her/the brotherhood The Assassin v. Templar threat is not well fleshed out here in the metastory either. However, these are tropes left to the rest of the franchise to carry out.I argue that this story line is the last one that has significant interpretation that can be administered. Although containing franchise staples such as revenge and freedom, the epiphany here takes the length of the game, and the true value is in the growth of the main character, not in the vanquishing of the main antagonist. The assassinations in the mean time serve as the vehicles that propel the character to the objective, without becoming the objectives themselves. It is here that the story shines, even though it is an adaptation of a story written in 1938.Despite its flaws, Assassins Creed is a title that enthusiasts and beginners can both pick up and enjoy with the only draws being the repetitive nature of the mechanics. I love the game and certainly suggest it to all interested. With its interesting and well written story, and fun gameplay with appropriate twists, this title earns and keeps its place as the birthplace of AC and one of Ubisofts riskier and profitible entries.8/10It should be noted that Ubisoft took a financial hit in developing AC, losing a significant amount to a lack of sales driven by the release of this as a new IP and the lack of heavy marketing that Ubisoft now relies on. Ironically, the games mechanics and models have been copied into many of Ubisofts other IPs and has created an extremely successful franchise that is soon seeing its next installments in AC Unity and AC Rogue, bringing the total number of console/PC AC properties to 8. Vladimir Bartol would be proud. 