I own this on a CD, and that was where I put in most of my play hoursAssassins Creed has come very far as a franchise. Is the original game still worth playing? Yes. Absolutely. If you can get it to work.You can.POSITIVES The roots of everything that made the franchise famous are in the first Assassins Creed. The parkouring and climbing work well, the cities are large and colorful with unique atmospheres, there are plenty of collectibles to while away the hours collecting. The story is pretty good. It doesnt climb the heights attained by Assassins Creed II / Brotherhood / Revelations, but Altairs journey as an Assassin who has fallen from grace and needs to redeem himself is great, even if its been told before in other mediums. Graphics are decent DirectX 10. The game world actually feels larger than some of the other Assassins Creed games, since you dont fasttravel from one city to another not at first you travel on dusty dirt roads through mountains and villages from one city to another. There is a lot of country to explore, and none of the areas feel reused though sometimes they can seem extraneous.NEGATIVES The game crashes, sticks, and stutters from a variety of issues. My issues were solved by unplugging my internet while playing. The servers that Ubisoft used to authenticate this game are now offline, causing the game to briefly freeze any time I tried to load a save or the game tried to create an autosave. Lack of an internet connection tells the game to not even bother checking, so gameplay becomes smooth. Even for a game this old, its hard getting a constant 60fps. If youre running the DirectX 10 version, I recommend setting the Compatibility Mode to Windows Vista SP2.INDIFFERENT Activities and ambient conversations recycle constantly. Stealth doesnt have much variety hide, walk slowly, or mix with monks. Combat is actually boring  once you get the counter ability, countering everything results in a onehit kill. If youre out exploring the Kingdom, enemy guards are extraordinarily suspicious unless Altair walks at the slowest speed possible. Takes away from the pace of the game. Oh, and dont fall into the water Altair cant swim, and dies instantly.VERDICT A pretty good Assassins Creed game whose repetitive sideactivities dont undermine a decent first attempt at a stealthy openworldparkourhack n slash hybrid. Hopefully, you can get it to work properly.