Personal Rating 5.5 of 10One of the most solid and stable Assassins Creed game up till III in terms of performance. Its really cool to be jumping around roof tops doing parkour and killing people with awesome animation. It is also very unique and smart on how the game incorporates modern technologies into a game set in the medieval time.Although the settings are really nice, the game dont really feel immensive. Example, rooftops and buildings are repetitive so you actually stop paying attention to them and refer to the minimap to get to your location. Combat is okay as they try to design it to be realistic as possible when taking several enemies at the same time but can be slow. The NPCs are there to make the city feels alive but that is it. They are like zombies wandering around.Missions are repetitive. I actually reinstalled this game three times before progressing halfway or so because every mission does not have much room for exploitation for an assassin game. Even if your presence is made known before killing your target, it simply means you are going to have a tougher time getting away and each mission feels more like a puzzle than an assasination mission. Also, based on my understanding, assassination are suppose to be done discreetly and probably when there are less people as possible like night time maybe?Again, side missions are simply there for the sake of existing. Meaning once the game is completed, side missions are fitted in to the game with minimal effort like collectibles, races, deliveries and etcs. The rewards are not that great to start with nor even the stories that comes with the side missions.Weapons and skills are unlocked progressively but it is not that great. I cant even make out the difference between a sword and wrist blade except that killing people with the blade is really stylish and cool.Cities are huge but you need to make several travels between them as the areas are unlocked progressively so yeah visiting the same place over and over again is kind of boring too.Story is quite interesting however do note that the game is not historical accurate. Some references and event timeline may be correct but that is all. I think the progress of the story is alright considering the time it is set in but it is too draggy for me. Not much plot but if they can change the pace of the story and put in more plots it could be really interesting.I think Assassins Creed is an alright game if sword fights, stealth/puzzle, parkour, conspiracy and assassination in the medieval time is your thing, but dont expect something really hardcore here. 