This game is a mostly recommends from me. Theres an awful lot of tedium, even if theres some great stuff in there as well.The futuristic portions absolutely suck, theyre tedious, boring, have no characterisation, and lend nothing to the story or gameplay. Desmond is the least interesting character Nolan North has probably ever played in this game at least.The gameplay... sort of sucks? There are a lot of extremely frustrating elements that got ironed out of future games. Walking in a group requires constant button pressing to lock you in place, deviating from that cover at all will immediately make guards hostile in many parts of the game world. This can be incredibly frustrating in the more open areas where youd rather move quickly. And in crowds where you have to stay hidden, combined with crazy npcs that will shove you which registers as your cover being blown and the guards descending enmasse... well it is controllerchucking levels of maddening at times.The camera sucks. This game has no cinematography beyond the occasional opportunity to switch fixed camera angles which has to be done manually at specific times for some reason. This is a problem games have in general, interesting voice overs but nothing happening visually. Its very dull even if you like what your ears are hearing. Like watching a CCTV video of a conversation in the middle ages. I spent what felt like genuine hours of the game making Altair do pirouettes by tapping left and right rhythmically.This game had a flow and purity later games lacked in my opinion. It also had a focus on the philosophical ramifications of its story as well that the sequels had no interest in whatsoever. While the future sections were tedious and entirely prefunctory the main meat of the story was very enjoyable. There was a strong focus on what exactly the Assassins creed  meant, which was parallelled with Altairs character arc and his evolving relationship with a couple of key characters. The actual assasinations held thematic weight too, with the game exploring each of the targets sins eventually cumulating with a monologue from the villains as they lie dying in your arms a mechanic future games have, but without the meaningful exposition being given by the characters offering their side of the story and their justification for their actions, lending a final human touch to them.It also hinges a final plot twist on something that initially felt like it was going to be a Wait, didnt they just? Chekhovs Gun that I genuinely expected the writers to have been ignorant of including, so it was a pleasant surprise that yet another video game plot hole was actually an intentional twist.The soundtrack by Jesper Kyd is as solid as to be expected. It has a modern, electronic, style that later games wisely ditched along with Altairs inexplicable American accent, but I confess to really liking it still. Particularly the pulse pounding track that plays after a successful assassination as you run from the authorities and attempt to regain anonymity, it gave every sequence a moment of .Also, as anyone who has played the later games already knows, the controller prompts for the PC version are absolutely bewildering at first with you constantly trying to work out which is the feet button.Its a shame theres such strongly frustrating elements in this game as I feel like in some ways it is also the best Assassins Creed, before the plot became empty hollywood blockbuster fluff and the gameplay became a sequence of distractions and stay exactly 30 feet behind this NPC without breaking line of sight for about 15 minutes missions. 