I played this game back in 2008, so before the second game had been released. It was pretty damn great then, but now its age really shows. The only thing thats like I remember is the combat, which is somewhat difficult at times. Air assassinations are possible but annoying want to kill a civillian? heres your chance, stealth is almost nonexistent, and climbing things turns out to be a chore, as Altair takes forever to make his way up buildings.Side quest? What are those? Each time you go to one of the 3 major cities, you have to investigate your target. This comes down to repetitive side quests involving pick pocketing, beating people up for information, eavesdropping, and some other silly missions like collecting flags or killing archers. Theres no variety, and you cant cut to the chase most of them have annoying cutscenes. By the time I was on the last few assassinations, I was doing as little as possible to get through the game. There was no reason to complete everything aside from lengthening your time with the game.The plot and the characters inside the Animus are also very forgettable. Who are these people Im killing? Why am I killing them? Oh, theyre templars. Well that makes sense. But who ARE they? I dont remember any of the names of the 9 people I was tasked to kill aside from the big bad, Robert de Sable. The game doesnt make it a point to try and make the characters memorable.Altair is a bland protagonist. His arrogance is frustrating and his decisions make no sense sometimes, or at least he rarely justifies them. His growth is only shown in one scene where he reiterates what he was told at the beginning of the game about the Creed. His voice acting also sucks, but thats besides the point.I still recommend this game because its where the series started, and outside the animus scenes are still interesting. Learning about the fight between the assassins and the templars in the present day, meeting Desmond, etc, are all still worth the time you have to put into the game itself. Will you want to play it again anytime soon? Probably not. In a few years Ill just use wiki pages to refresh my memory on whats important. Now on to the superior sequel. 