I ACTUALLY QUITE LIKE ASSASSINS CREED, IM JUST NITPICKING TO MAKE IT MORE ENTERTAINING, NOBODY LIKES A BALLWASHERAssassins Creed... This was not my introduction to this series. I had played ACIII first on a friends Xbox 360. I then decided that I shall learn of the other Assassins before. Now, in this day and age 7 years is a long time and as of writing this review it has been like almost 7 years since this game came out. It is technically old which is dumb because something like SimCity 1 is old not some game from 7 years ago that looks fine now.After playing ACIII I was willing to understand that AC1 came out a good 5 years before and is probably not as good. I then realised that Altair, unlike Connor controls like he has cinderblocks strapped to his thighs and he hasoff gravity sometime in the past. His running speed, while still lightyears faster than mine, was severly slower. He also plummets to the ground like a  semirealistic cartoon character who has realised that he is off the cliff and now must fall. Its great that there are conveniently placed Hay bales every 3 feet to blanket Altairs drunken falling.They talk about how Altair is one of the best Assassins at the time, if this is true, no wonder the templars evil generic bad guys have been stomping on the Assassins Secret organization who pretty much took the Robin Hood thing really almost too far, especially the hood bit. Altair has to have a conversation with words so large and self interested they practically walked away to buy a new yorker and sip drip coffee every time he kills a target and this is quite a few times, like 9 in the game. 9 times you have to listen to the generic douchewaffle say the same thing as the last generic douchewaffle but in a slightly more snotty and arrogant way. These cutscenes get to be like 9 or 10 minutes long and theyre UNSKIPPABLE!I should probably go over the plot before I rip into the game anymore. Well, youre Altair an assassin who works for the assassins. He is given 9 people to kill in order to get back some artifact or something. Thats it. For a story driven game the story is pretty lackluster. At the end there is plot twist, that Im not gonna spoil, but if you didnt see it coming from several million lightyears away, I suggest you stop eating paste and finish 1st grade.The 9 assassinations I mention before, cannot be completed right away, because then the game would be like 45 minutes long. You have to take part in the same 4 minigames before you can assassinate your target. Now, the assassination is obviously the fun part. Its in the name. Most of the game however is tailing some poorly voice acted Ill get to that lateror pickpocketing from some poorly voice actedwhich sounds fun... but is just walking up to them pressing shift and running away like some socially inept girl scout on her first day of selling cookies. You are rewarded with some information that is for some reason necessary but you never actually use. These minigames should either be toned down or be gone. The absolutely worst one is the eavesdropping one. All you do is sit on a bench kind of close by and DO NOTHING. I went and  got my hot pocket out of the microwave when these bits happened. Im sure the game wouldnt have sold as well if it was called BENCHWARMERS CREED.It also felt somewhat anticlimactic during a few of the assassinations. They either involved walking up beside someone in a slightly more colorful robe and stabbing them or walking up in front of them and stabbing them with a throat while the broken AI decided whether they should stop you from stabbing them or continue walking into a wall.The actual combat that wasnt assassinations was generally just block block stab. It was a more depressing and violent version of simon says.Now, Ive saved most of the good for the last. The setting is awesome spanning 3 fair sized cities Jerusalem, Damascus and Acre. Jerusalem is more Jewishy, Damascus is mor Islamy and Acre is more . My problem with the cities though is not the size, which every reviewer seems to think is a problem. Every open world game doesnt need to span ing Bavaria. My problem is samyness. One block in Acre looks like every other block in Acre, etc. They look cool, but its the same cool. There are a few historical landmarks, but the only city I was even remotely familiar with was Jerusalem and I only recognized Dome of the Rock. It was cool to climb it though!So, lets see. Semi  freerunning controls that are still pretty good in comparison to most game controls, nice areas if not semisamey, a main character who was acted by the Intern at Ubisoft and a boring storyline. Even after all this I still liked it. 