Assassin Creed, this is where your long journey through the entire series begins. You start off as an ordinary bartender who is kidnapped and utilized for his ancestors heritage. Through this process you are placed in a machine properly named the Animus, through which your ancestors memories are viewed. In this game you see through the eyes of master assassin Altair, and the trials his must face to regain his master rank within the brotherhood. You travel to three familiar locations we have all heard about in history class, Acre, Damascus, and Jerusalem. Here you fulfill tasks and assassinations to progress the story. Spend your time wisely because there are plenty of viewpoints, citizen saving, and challenge missions to complete in each location, as well as uneventful flags to find. By collecting flags, you unlock additional memories of Altair.Pros Combat is easy to master. Parkour responds well to your path. The landscapes are beautiful for an 2008 game engine. The story is engaging to follow and fully voiced. Weapon upgrades are easy to obtain, you just continue through the story to obtain the next piece. Controls respond extremely well, recommend using a controller. The game is short if you just focus on main tasks. I dont recommend, however, if youre just in it to learn the story you could spend maybe an entire weekend to complete the main story.Cons It is dated so some players may dislike the old graphics compared to games of today. Sidequests are heavily repeated and bland. Bugs, especially when anyone hits the floor the game tosses bodies all over the place. Sometimes even you go flying somewhere and glitch out. Though it is also hillarious! The transition between Desmond and Altair can get sort of annoying, especially when you want to progress during the storys juicy parts. Flag collection. Very tedious and not so rewarding. Uplay. I only dislike this for achievement purposes, and having another game software running just to play this game.To wrap it up, these are my opinions of the game. I enjoyed Assassins Creed and I am planning to play through all of them the rest of the summer. The stories appear to get way better and I for sure would like to play through them all. The start of the series is short, but it educates the player well enough to understand what is conspiring between Assassins and Templars. I recommend this game to anyone willing to start at the beginning of this promising series. Plus, Altair is pretty cool and his assassin attire is one of my favorites. 