Im conflicted, I would like to say this game is great and everyone should buy it. However, on a 1 to 10 scale I would honestly have to give it a 5.5, but no higher then a 6.From my history of playing this games series, what really sucked me in back in 2008 ish, I dont exactly recall the date was from an Assassins Creed YouTube trailer featuring Lonely Soul by Unkle. So theres Altair walking down an empty street in what looks to be the lone swordsman routine when, Bam, out pops an ten inch hidden blade. Yeah, there were other trailers like the one where he storms a hanging with a crossbow, but the song did it for me.So, I bought it, and, then as I do now, I still hate the game. And I still love the game.HUH?Let me explain... I felt like it never got to use the hidden blade as much as I would like to. He never go to use a crossbow. It almost felt like a like, but whatever. He will smack into walls as if he was drunk... constantly. I spent days shouting, What are you?...I didnt want to go that way? Why did you jump off that building? Did you have to kill another random person? WTF you cant swim?!! He cant swim. Yes, the master assassin will drown in the shallow end of the kiddie pool, floaties and all. The first 40 minutes are hell. In fact, I almost gave up just from the droll that pored from Lucy, Desmond and the Dr. The game could have stood alone with out a the cutscenes with Desmond. And Ubi wisely turned some of those inner scenes into missions that were more fun later on. Youre required to learn almost every new move hes given, which also slows down the game. You will hate the hordes of NPCs running between you and the combat.So, why even play it? Boredom. Seriously. It has a unique storyline. I actually contemplated some of the philosophy. Altair is a oneshot wonder with his throwing knives. He will kill almost anyone with one blade, too bad I cant say the same later in the series. Sometimes when he turns the wrong way or runs off ledges, its comical. And frustrating. Stealing throwing knives is easier then buying them. No monetary system, this is both good and bad, but in this game it worked. The ending is was worth the wait.As you can see, I am split in my decision as to whether like or hate this game.What really bothers me the most is after 10 years Ubisoft has flatly refused to clean up the mess of what could really be a great game. Ive been fantasized about playing a remastered or anniversary edition of the original AC with the graphics cleaned up, better playability andgod forbidenjoyable cutaways with Desmond.Anyway, that was my 2. Thanks for reading.