Assassins Creed is a fun game. In fact its really fun. The rush of killing a target and fading into the crowd, or racing across the rooftops to safety is immensely satisfying... for the first 3 hours or so. Well Ive played this game for about 20 hours and the last 10 have been some of the most frustrating times Ive spent gaming in my entire life. Let me Explain.The game is absolutely stunning in the visual and aural sense. The cities feel incredibly alive and full of movement, bustle and conflict. The games handling of light and shadow is incredible, especially for a game from last year. The animations on the player character and the NPCs are astounding. As far as making you feel like youre in the holy land during the crusades, this game is incredibly successful. It redefines atmospheric. Yet after your first real assassination mission, when you start to realize that every single one after it is more or less exactly the same in the bulk of the gameplay, you quickly become less and less enthralled with the game.Every single district of every single city is the same for gameplay purposes. You gather information that has no real bearing on your mission, you save citizens, and you climb towers for incredible views. OVER AND OVER AGAIN. Even the PCs extra missions cannot help vary the gameplay enough to stop this. It is some of the laziest gameplay design Ive ever seen.Another major flaw of this game is that while it looks much better on the PC, the controls for both fighting and freerunning are incredibly consolized and clunky. They make the game feel like a lazy port. In that same vein if you fail missions theres no way to have saved your progress midway or fight your way out. If you screw up an archer assassination with one archer, you must start over from the beginning, which deprives you of a choice to keep fighting, and is incredibly annoying.And while the level design is mostly great, the Arsuf level is blatantly stacked and terribly designed, and reeks of lazy gameplay design.My final major bone to pick with the absolutely laughable story. To be fair, I have always mocked conspiracy theories, and their use in games has always irked me, but assassins creed takes the prize. The fact that I assassinated a few key individuals means that the crusades will suddenly end, Richard and Saladin will come together at the evil Templars bidding and destroy a small cult of Assassins? Ridiculous. And of course the whole animus technology is funny as hell. Genetic memory??? HA!Anyways, thats not to say the story isnt well written, its just that at times the suspension of disbelief isnt there.Overall, the game is gorgeous, immersive, and atmospheric, but it is also badly designed, relies on silly story crutches, and is heavily consolized.