ProsGraphicsHaving come out as early as in 2007, it has aged really well. Its easy to mistake it for a game of 2015.Gameplay The mechanics were smooth and natural, creating a realistic flow of movements. The climbing system is supreme. The fighting was very enjoyable both because of the kill moves and the crowd control. You learn new moves throughout the game as you progress but unfortunately you dont really need to put them in practice until the very end when you have to fight off some 25 guys at once. Then all of a sudden you cant do without learning the moves. Personally I would also have preferred a more offensive character, the crowd control is built on holding your ground and waiting for the enemys move. Open world The fact that Assassins Creed is a stealth game without the sneak or crouch option is interesting to consider.Cons The difficulty could have been better balanced. Three quarters of the game was just leisure, supereasy, then came missions that were irritating and the final battles were superhard. The irritating part involved begging women blocking your way, madmen pushing you around when you least wanted them to and guard chases that were just the same as in the beginning. After a 100th time they were just distracting game elements that you kind of had to grind through without feeling rewarded for it. The missions were quite repetative which made the story linear. I felt like the game didnt take full advantage of the open world possibilites. I didnt feel motivated to collect all the flags because there were way too many of them and I didnt see any reward behind it. I never understood the necessaty of the fixed camera positions in the bureau scenes. Did encounter a few glitches like character getting stuck in weird places, occasional frame rate drops but nothing gamebreaking. The biggest issue was probably the game not responding to keystrokes at times, especially when initializing run or sprint. Exiting the game was a weird lengthy process. The easiest solution was to just force quit it.