I did play the first AC after I had finished AC3. I do not necessarily recommend it to people who have played the later installments. Anyone who hasnt played any AC game yet will do better with its sequels because this original AC still lacked much. I did play it because I was curious to see how the series, Altars story and the story about Those Who Came Before started and was fairly disappointed.The cities and rural areas are fairly nice to look at and ride through. However they all look and feel sort of the same, both weather and the daytime are static the whole game plays at sunny daytime. Perhaps one can see more in it if he knows Damascus, Israel and the other cities you visit in this game, though I assume they have changed a lot over the centuries. Monumental places and buildings are not commented by the Animus system whatsoever, which makes it hard for people who dont know these cities to connect to them and to their history. You do not buy places, build your own home or interact with the cities in any bigger scale either there isnt any money or economy to begin with. There is some aweinspiring feeling to the whole of Maysaf being the center of the Assassin order, and both Altar and his mentor have a feeling of serious and meaningfulness you may miss within the later installments. But even then their outlines are fairly weak after having finished this game I could hardly understand what the fuss about Altar was about for people to apparently miss him so much when Ezio became the new protagonist in AC2. Altar didnt feel as special as I had believed he was, hell you will probably dislike him because he is an arrogant  throughout most parts of the game.The true letdown is the gameplay. The combat is underdeveloped compared to the sequels you cannot strike down enemies  with assassination streaks as they were introduced with Brotherhood, you dont have as many weapons  it didnt feel as enjoyable and the progression throughout the game is pretty repetitive. This original game is probably most faithful to the idea of being an assassin as you are constantly tasked to kill some templars hiding in the cities, often wealthy or wellprotected people you need to locate first by doing minor tasks that in the later installments would pass for side activities at best Eavesdrop one some guys, beat up/question another, pickpocket some intel from someone else and the likes. There are about 5 of these tasks to do per kill target, you choose which to do and need to finish about 3 of them to be able to locate, approach and strike your kill target which thankfully have some background, and are approached in a bit more interesting way than your previous tasks. After that you go back to Maysaf, speak to your mentor and go for a new target. Rinse and repeat. And thats already about it mostly. There are activities having the nature of collectibles, like killing templars hiding in specific locations in the cities and rural areas, or saving citiziens from repressive soldiers, but those activites are very repetitive too. They didnt really motivate me much to roam about more than I had to. There are some unique story/plot moments, but they are rare.Also, this game had an usability issue It doesnt have subtitles. It may seem stupid, but apparently it wasnt selfevident back then. For a game trying to take serious steps in storytelling and bringing some past time to life it would help to understand all the people. I think they all speak English in this game in the later games the citizens partly speak in their native language, but I still cant understand them all because English isnt my main tongue. There are some whisperings of storyrelevant characters in parts of the game  dont expect me to get any of their lines too well either.