Assassins Creed is the first game in one of Ubisofts trademark franchise. A game which started off as a spiritual successor to the Prince of Persia series quickly grew into massive IP of its own. Although its the first in the AC franchise Assassins Creed is far from a great game. It has its pros that grew to define the franchise for what it is and also several cons that needs to be address. The game is set in the year 1191 during the height of the Third Crusade between the Muslims and Christians. The game covers several Middle Eastern locations which are rarely seen in gaming such as Jerusalem, Damascus and Acre. Its great to see Ubisoft tackle this sort of environment in a more historical setting than what modern Middle Eastern looks like. The environment feels immersive in its on way with Crusade guards along corner, horse riding in the frontier and also sword fighting. You play as Altair, an arrogant master assassin in the Assassin Brotherhood who has lost his title due to his own pride. Throughout the course of the game youre tasked with eliminating nine Templars while questioning the motives behind the assassination an your Brotherhood itself. The story is rather forgettable because it basically involves you moving from one city to another assassinating on Templar member to another which felt repititive. The only redeeming factor is probably the plot twist at the end.The gameplay of Assassins Creed is more of an action adventure game with added stealth mechanic. You can hide with scholars, on benches with citizens and also in hiding spots like stacks of hay. Movement in this game is rather annoying as Altairs running feels more like robot than an agile assassin with a poor camera control on top of it. Climbing also suffers from the same problem with some aspect of the building looks climbable but actually isnt. The combat of the game also doesnt par that well. Although it is still requires more skills than in future installments. You cant just swing your sword to easily kill all of the enemies as some enemies can actually counter and block. Theres also no button prompts for counter so timing your counter is crucial. The stealth section of this game is kind of useless because sometimes guard can even detect you even if youre behind a wall. Even with all the research and eavesdropping about your current target, assassinating them stealthily is still a challenge bacause of the bad AI.With all that being said, Assassins Creed is still a worthwhile game especially for die hard fan of the series. Even though it has its flaws here and there it is still pretty enjoyable being able to run across rooftops and escape from guards and also fighting hordes of enemies at a time. For a of a franchise the game is okay as it leaves a lot of room of improvement and I would gladly give it a score of 6/10.