Assassins Creed 1 is definitely a great game. If you do have some time to play, try playing it first through Black Flag, you certainly will understand a whole lot of things. For me, its a great game, and you could totally see how much the game has changed over the years.a/ The story plot is nice, the way the game alternates and lets you pause between the Memory Blocks which is pieces of the story of Altair, is great.b/ The combat is simple, but effective. It was a little bit too boring at first, but once you get the ability to Counter Kill, things start getting much better. But you will have to be patient til that part, believe me.c/ The missions are nice, but to be honest, as mentioned by a lot of articles and reviews, they are repetitive in general. Every city you enter, you will have to go check out every viewpoint, rescue every cititzen in harassing trouble, do some interrogation, meeting your Hashassin guild mates to do some jobs for them, eavesdropping people talking, pickpocketing you will even have to do some Flag finding running too. Doing all that and youll be able to access the Assassinating your target part.d/ The stealth gameplay is nice, but since this is the first game, compared to the sequels, you wont feel much of the stealth mechanism, most of the time you will have to do some combat, against 78 guys all at the same time you will start noticing this after getting that Counter Kill ability.e/ One of the things I like about this game, is the fact that it doesnt require you to collect all additional flags to unlock the ending. Not at all, so dont you worry, just enjoy your game, do as much as you can. The side quests will be repetitively boring, but even the conversations with each of the Hashassin guild mate are different!, so you can enjoy a little bit of their stories and their information on your targets. And thats good!f/ The cities are welldesigned gotta say Im pretty impressed with the way Ubisoft has designed them From the ledges for you to climb, to the positioning and distributions of Hiding places, Ive gotta say no wonder the first AC game was a success! Youve gotta play the series from the first game through the last to see how the series has changed over the years!If you have played Prince of Persia before, you will definitely see some common things between the two games, some buildings sure can remind you of some obstacles in POP seriesCONCLUSION 9.5/10 when you take into account this is the game made in 10 years ago. Definitely a worthy game to play if you want to have a nice Assassins Creed collection.