Uneven experienceLet me start by saying that its difficult to rate this game as some elements are very well done while others feel abandoned. So lets begin from goodThe atmosphere that the game delivers when you finish prologue and arrive at the first city is spectacular. The feeling you get runing over the rooftops or through the crowd is amazing and never felt before. The city feels huge and has adequate medieval style atmosphere. The assassinations are the best part of the game as they are rather memorable experiences. Before them you usually see your target doing something horrible that makes him worth dying but when youre done you get to talk to him and you experience different side of the story which makes you think if killing him was worth it. It really makes you think about whats right and wrong and thats something rare in games. And while all that seems like an awesome game the other elements that create atmosphere seem to be weak, especially storyline. The game basically has no storyline at all, you only play to learn some secret in the end which doesnt even feel worth all the trouble. The characters are quite stereotypical too. And while Acre and Damascus feel different, Jerusalem city feels like some mix of the first two.Now to gameplay. The combat is great, you have a hidden blade for stealth, a sword for normal fighting and throwing knives for enemies in distance. That plus your characters parkour skills and you get all you need to feel like an assassin able to infiltrate and escape without enemies detecting you. On the other hand, the challenges you have to do to track down your targets are repetitive, kind of boring and random, not related to your mission or targets at all. What it means is that the game is not only short took me 11 hours, but also monotonous. Extra challenges in the game like collecting feathers, killing templars feel meaningless as you dont get anything for doing them, plus theyre boring.Tech stuffGraphics are really good for a 2008 game, soundtrack by Jesper Kyd delivers as it should. Controls feel complicated in the begining, but some practice and youre good to go.Overall an alright game, if youve never played other Assassins Creed games and want to start or try, you should start with this, first one. Gives you amazing experience but unfortunately too short and repetitive.Atmosphere 7.5/10Gameplay 7.5/10Overall 7.5/10