Reading many reviews of this game, I understand how fortunate I was to have played, or better said, lived through the original Assassins Creed without reading any reviews beforehand. I enjoyed the game totally oblivious to the well known facts that it is redundant, buggy, too easy, and has a confusing ending. I just bought it, started playing and fell out of reality for a week, and loved every minute of it, except the ending  it was really sad to realise that it was finished and I couldnt play any more.I must admit Im not a gamer, I enjoy games since my childhood, but I do not play them professionally, and Im more on the intellectual side. I get bored with shallow keyboardsmashing action titles, and more appreciate a solid story and an adventure that allows me to use logic to solve the problem. Ive never played games like Assassins Creed before were there any?, so I was totally blown away. I found it very similar to the original Prince of Persia from 1990, the same cinematic movement animations, same classic approach to a levelbased story progression. One fight was a bit too hard for me, but I generally loved the idea of not dying. Since it was a memory, I could not really die  desynchronisation merely meant I was not doing it right. Psychologically its somehow easier for me than getting actually killed. This game is much more logical than its sequels  here you live through a genetic memory of an ancestor, and you have to follow it very closely. In the sequels you had much more freedom, you could buy property, get various weapons, heal yourself, dress in fancy clothes through uPlay rewards sometimes losing a finger, visit same place during a day or night  that really broke the concept of a DNA memory and moved the franchise from a science fiction into a nonscience... better said nonsensefiction genre.I have found the multilayer matryoshkalike plot, the graphics and Altair so realistic, I was saying sorry to him each time I was clumsy enough to make him fall off a wall  I dont understand what redundancy people are talking about. I guess Im not blessed with a consumers mind, and to me consistency, integrity of a story is more important than the fun value.So, if anyone hasnt yet played the original Assassins Creed and makes up his mind by reading my review, Id say that if youre jumping through the games while chatting to your friends, and you pay no attention to dialogues and story, this one is not for you, and you will be disappointed with it. However, if you immerse into games and live through them, this is something youll most likely appreciate.