Initially published by Ubisoft in 2007, Assassins Creed is the underappreciated foundation of the critically acclaimed franchise. It is an atmospheric historical fiction actionadventure sandbox. While this fluid and beautiful game is often the victim of mixed reviews by fans, it serves a very important purpose. The first time I tried this game, I put it down as a result of becoming bored too quickly, but this game is worth investing in. That is, if you have taken a shine to any of its sequels. It is my strong and undying opinion that youd be doing the developers a great disservice by skipping the heart of the best selling series. While the later games are more entertaining and hold more appeal, one needs to play Assassins Creed in order to truly understand the elaborate groundwork laid out for its successors.The game focuses on the use of an immersive computer system known as the Animus, and its latest subject called Desmond Miles. While Desmond may appear to be an average bartender from an average world, he is actually a descendant of the legendary Assassin Altar IbnLaAhad. Through the Animus, the player will bear witness to the genetic memories of Desmonds ancestor, and the events between two secret societies as they unfold during the Third Crusade.Overall, I felt that the story was weak, but it took some revolutionary steps towards creating a solid foundation for a marvelous series of sequels. While the story might initially seem confusing as the player nears the end, it is surprisingly well thought out, so give it a chance.As stated previously, much of the game is disclosed through the eyes of Desmond Miles as he relives the memories of Altar through the Animus. Inside the Animus, the player will be introduced to a computerized interface displaying all of the mandatory information varying from health to inventory, and a third person view of Altar.It is important for anyone unfamiliar with the franchise to be aware that Altar moves in real time opposed to turnbased. The  movement in the game is possibly its most notable feature which permits the player to scale buildings, catch ledges, jump over gaps, and more. Assassins Creed has a love for utilizing a diverse set of active high profile and passive low profile approaches, so if you manage to draw unwanted attention to yourself, youre probably going to need to find a haystack  fast  unless you feel like fighting a band of poor unfortunate souls otherwise known as guards.Unfortunately, even with easy access to multiple weapon sets and various combat skills, the gameplay of Assassins Creed can only be described as repetitive. The game makes a habit of recycling the same formula for most of the key assassinations, which becomes tedious. Despite that, its still worth buying  If this is too repetitive, simply rush through this game. There is a lot more to do in its successors, and the developers improve the ability to enjoy the tasks in the future. However, as I stated, skipping the groundwork does the entire franchise a bit of a disservice.Furthermore, as Altar the player will also need to familiarize themselves with the art of synchronization. Synchronization is measured by the Animus as Desmond follows his genetic memories, and reflects its users faithfulness to the memory in question. In other words, is Desmond reliving the memory as it was, or has he diverted from its path? Straying too far from the objective will result in a loss of synchronization, which will result in forcing the user to start over from an earlier point. Needless to say, not everything is permitted.Finally, the last aspect that I really feel called to touch on is Eagle Vision. In short, Eagle Vision is a seemingly dormant sixth sense in most humans, however it manages to aid Altar in his tasks throughout the game. Utilized, this ability will help the player to locate targets, gauge intentions of others, and ultimately seek out his mark. I found this aspect to be fairly interesting, and hope you enjoy using this ability as much as I did.The controls of Assassins Creed are extremely friendly. I used my 360 controller, and the game provided me with excellent controller support. However, I did try to play the game with the mouse and keyboard setup, and I cannot recommend this to anyone. This game is best played with a controller.In general, the targeting is a bit tricky, but that is something you can work around.As I stated at the beginning of the review, I tried playing Assassins Creed once before. What I failed to mention was that my first attempt was on the XBOX 360 years ago. On the 360, the game looked polished and pretty. However, its original appeal has nothing on the dreamlike quality of the graphics on the PC. I could hardly believe that the game was originally released in 2007 when I first booted it up. Sure, there are some technical glitches here and there, but the PC version has definitely left a deeper impression.I feel like it is an understatement to report that the views in Assassins Creed are breathtaking. In fact, they are polished, atmospheric, realistic, and lifelike. It is absolutely fascinating to me how well Ubisoft managed to present the world in this game.In Assassins Creed, you will come to hate that one stupid beggar that manages to find you in every single town, who just absolutely has to tell you My family is sick and dying... What Im really trying to say, is that the continuously recycled voice tracks are just as repetitive as the gameplay itself. If it doesnt annoy you, I envy you your patience. With a bit more polishing and perhaps a few more lines recorded by their voice actors the NPCs could have been a much enjoyable thing to encounter.On a positive note, the music is gorgeous.Overall the sounds of Assassins Creed are realistic and immersive, fitting for a game that places a heavy focus on its atmosphere.Im not sure Id play it again, unless I wanted a refresher of the story, but it is definitely worth at least one playthrough. As always, the replay value is entirely dependent on the individual holding the controller, and I can see a great deal of replay potential in this game. While the story is questionably weak, there are a lot of remaining individual elements to explore and to enjoy  Particularly if you enjoy exploration and immersive combat.