Authors Note Ive been a fan of Assassins Creed for around 4 years and I recently decided to replay the entire series so, here goes my review for the very first game. The one that started it all.Back before naval combat, Ezio, hook blades, and yes, even before two hidden blades came Assassins Creed 1. Assassins Creed follows the story of Altar IbnLaAhad as he seeks to regain his assassin rank. Like the future games, this one takes place in a historic setting, this ones Jerusalem during the Crusades.Before I dive into the setting and scenery, lets first talk gameplay mechanics. So, the game gradually gives you back your original weapons, as well as skills. The weapons include a sword, dagger, throwing knifes, and of course the hidden blade. The combat is pretty good in the first one, but its definitely improved through the years. You can block attacks, counter, and dodge. Now, if youre used to the newer games, youll find the hidden blade a little different than what youre used to. The hidden blade cant really be used in a fight, its only really for sneaking up on enemies. The sword combat is fairly good, but like Ive stated before, theyve improved throughout the series. One thing that may disappoint you is the lack of the crossbow that you see in the trailer. Sadly, the crossbow was cut out due to the fact that it made assassinations easier, but youll do fine without it.Now, youve got all of you weapons so, you need something to use them on. As you go through the game, you are tasked with gathering information and killing targets chosen by the master of the Assassins. This is done in different ways, and in different locations. First, youll have to go up to a viewpoint and sync in order to see your choices. Usually, you have to complete three of these tasks to gather enough information for the kill. This information can actually be pretty useful and makes killing your target easier. These tasks kind of feel like minigames and theyre pretty fun! Theres pickpocketing, gathering flags, and even killing targets. Theres more than that, but Ill let you explore the other options.Okay, so youve got all of the intel, now its time for the kill! Your targets vary from either sneaking into their base of operations and trying to stealthily kill them or dueling them. If you fail at stealth, then youll probably either have to duel them or chase after them Just depends on how much they value their lives. This is pretty fun and never really gets boring. In reality, the game is a little repetitive, but to be honest, it never really felt that way for me. Just enjoy the moment.Alright, so weve talked about assassinating big targets, now lets talk about their little henchmen. As you go through the game, youll fight a variety of enemies, such as guys with swords, heavy armor guys, guys with bows, guys with maces, and so on. The combat really isnt that hard and it doesnt take much to get used to it. The enemy A.I is fairly good, but sometimes a little laughable. They do sometimes pose a challenge though, which is always fun. Oh, and just like you, they cant swim! Looks like youre not that different from them deep down.So far, weve covered killing, killing, and...ah...well, more killing! Now on to the scenery. So, the game takes place during the times of the Crusades hench all of the Templars in the area, and even in, Jerusalem. The cities youll visit are fairly large and full of life. Youll usually see at least 4 people, usually a fair bit more, in most areas on the streets. The cities look great for its time and the game runs rather smoothly. How do you get to the cities though? Well, youll eventually unlock the fast traveling system, which means youll travel...fast. Its not too different from the one youll find in AC 2, but you wont need a boat. As soon as you run out of the Assassin HQ, youll get the option to fast travel. If youd rather see the world for yourself, you can always travel by horse.Now, on to the last bit of stuff. So, the voice actings pretty darn good, even if Altair has an American accent for some reason...you get used to it though. The graphics, like I said, are pretty great. Even the soundtrack is pretty great, it provides even more tension to tense situations!Overall, this is a really great game! If you havent played any of the Assassins Creed games before, this is a great starting point. Youll really appreciate the newer mechanics in the later games. If youve already played some AC games and not this one, this is a great chance to see what you missed! It may not be the best Assassins Creed game ever cough cough Assassins Creed 2 cough but its definitely a great start to an amazing franchise.