I remember scouring through every possible source I could get my hands on in reference to Assassins Creed back in 2007. Whenever I came across a morsel of information or a rare screenshot I couldnt help but salivate over the article. The concept was new and invigorating. I said to myself that this would be the game that got me to purchase a console. However this was not to be  me purchasing a console  . In fact it wasnt until several years later on steam that I got my chance to play Assassins Creed for the first time , and I was not dissappointed.Assassins Creed  is a sandbox style actionadventurestealth game that centers around the protagonist Desmond Miles. We learn that Desmond is abducted by a pharmaceutical company called Abstergo who forces him into a machine dubbed the Animus. This Animus allows its user to view the genetic memories of its ancestors , and in Desmonds case the memories of Altair IbnLaAhad. An assassin who lived in the Holy Land during the 3rd crusade.As Altair you will travel through Masyaf , Acre , Jerusalem , and Damascus in search of what Abstergo called A Piece of Eden. While in the Animus Desmond uncovers an age old conflict between the Knights Templar and the Assassins. Through the Animus and Altair , Desmond learns a terrible truth about Abstergo and must find a way to stop them.Assassins Creed was a novel attempt at a first in what has become a long series of games. It was , and still is a great looking game. Visually you can take in breath taking views of the various cities by scaling the largest buildings , and gazing out in Eagle View. The structures that you climb are mostly accurte representations of actual buildings. Scaling up said structures was a favorite part of the game for me.Combat was fairly simple as you could quite easily dispatch a mob of gaurds easily even in the early game. Most of the side quests were repetitious and of little relevance to the overall progress of the game. However the main assassination quests were intriguing and an integral part in unlocking the secrets of Eden.Overall I think Assassins Creed was a novel attempt and was a much better game than some of its sequels. If you are the type of gammer that needs stellar graphics and tons of quests then this is probably not the game for you. But if you enjoy exploring and gathering intelligence to unravel a mystery then I would advise you to give Assassin Creed a play. Overall I think this is a 7/10 game and worth playing to any real fan of the series.