Let me give you a little insight into how I organize my steam games. Ive got a folder for multiplayer games that should be self explanatory. Ive got a folder for currently installed games that also is self explanatory. Theres a folder for games I wish to play, a folder for games that I may play at some point, a folder for games I wont ever play that mostly consist of the extra, unwanted humble bundle games, and then theres the last folder. This folder is called Absolute Garbage Full of There are only two games in this folder, two games that are the worst of humanity and deserve nothing more than to be displayed in Museums where they display rotten games. One game is Deus Ex Invisible War, the game that marked Ion Storms downfall as they pandered to consoles, much like Crytek. The other is Assassins Creed.Dont get me wrong, the Assassins Creed series is not a terrible one, or so Ive been told. I have only played this one and Assassins Creed 3. I did not like Assassins Creed 3, but dear god does it fail in comparison to this piece of flaky bull. You start out with a rather interesting concept of a story youre in a laboratory undergoing a simulation to relate to your knifeoriented ancestors in some plot involving Templars. You go through an intro with some heavy fighting and youre thinking Oh, okay, this definitely is not a stealth game. This is a hack n slash. But whatever right? You suppose it can still be fun, right? Wrong,  you. You get these awful controls and repitive combat that make you yearn to go play with a toaster at the very least the toaster would be responsive to controls. But whatever, again, you think, who cares if the combat is boring? Im in it for the raw gameplay. Parkour man. Doing side quests. Story!Well, Ill give you that. Parkour is enjoyable. The wall climbing feels satisfying when you scale insurmountable heights leading up to the conclusion of a birds nest at the peak of a city. But thats really the only thing it has going for it. When you enter a city, the side quests are by far the most boring, repititve, garbage nonsense that half the time doesnt even make sense. Why am I capturing flags? Why is there a time limit? Im a trained assassin, not a crazed blue coin collector. Theres tons of people being harassed and you can intervene, but why? Youre told youre supposed to blend in, not ostracize yourself. Even if they did make sense, theyre so senselessly boring the second time around that you do any of them.But hey, theres no uPlay. 