Lets be real for a second. In terms of story, its pretty damn good. In terms of graphics, not to shabby. But in terms of gameplay, well..... Then its pretty damn bad.Look Im not saying this game isbecause its not. But I have to stress the fact that it has so many flaws like the other games in the franchise do especially in the case of unity cough, but all it really is, is a repetetive game that makes you run everywhere and doing the same kind of short missions over and over. The small tasks you have to do just to get some information to progress the story which you have to do over and over 9 times during the games main storyline mind you, is so ing lame. At least in the other ones there is more flexibility in terms of how you progress, and this adds a lot of variety to the overall gameplay. In this game however, you run around to the exact same places more than once, and the environments are boring and bland because the citizens have little to no emotion whatsoever other than running everywhere and screaming like chimpanzes high on meth with a splash of beer while driving a lambourgini backwards in a forest. When they see you running around they usually give you the same remarks again and again, like Oh stop your going to hurt someone!, or there might be beggars who like to say Give me your ing money. which you dont have whatsoever. I mean why the hell would you go into a damn city populated by at least 100.000 npcs there, and not have some medicine or something. What about food? What about throwing knives? Why the hell do you have to get throwing knives from everyday thugs that are so damn indistinguishable from regular citizens? , why is this game so god damn bland! ?In short, I found this game to be incredibly boring, bland, stale, buggy, repetetive, and a whole lot of other I like the parts of the storyline where you control Desmond better than the rest of this game, and no, Im serious. Apart from the story which is pretty damn great, the rest of the game is so bland, so stale and boring, and I had an unpleasent expirience while playing. Only play this if your getting into the series. Although I will admit the hidden blade is pretty cool. 