I am utterly baffled as to why there is so much nostalgia and love for this game. It is, of all the Assassins Creed games, the most unpolished, glitchy and baldly unplayable. Considering most of the other games are rather mediocre, and that this is the worst of them, this praise, again, astounds me.I have heard praises heaped upon this game for its narrative, for its gameplay mechanics, and for its primary protagonist. All 3 of these points fall flat when put to scrutiny.Let us look first at the narrative. I will spoil it, though for such a inane and so ideologically uninteresting of a story, one could hardly spoil it. The structure of the narrative revolves around a process of reclaiming your characters honor and position within the Assassin Order after they disgraced themselves by betraying the creeds 3 tenets.To this end, you eliminate 9 targets, learning of a templar conspiracy. As you take them out, the assassin versus templar conflict becomes clear. Both the assassins and templars are secular humanists, so to speak. They both recognize religion, God, spiritual belief, philosophy, morality, and universal truths to be illusions manufactured by man.Their difference is in the conclusions they come to from this recognition. The assassins seem to advocate liberty, that they would dispel the illusions, that they trust humanity with this. They think human nature good enough to find its own truths without the illusions. So, freedom is their ideal.The templars would not dispel the illusion, fearing the chaos that would come from it. They would maintain the illusion that they might maintain order. In fact, they would strengthen the existing hierarchies, religions, and authorities so they might further build an order to which all men serve. A new world order.Theres some scifi garbage somewhere in there revolving around a race who came before and how they or their artifacts manufactured all the various miracles and religious events throughout history. Whatever, its abysmal at best.It comes to pass that the templars you are eliminating are part of the same order as the assassins mentor, Al Mualim, is also a templar, and was using you to kill the other leaders of the order so he would be free of any obligation to share power.This is the same narrative twist we see used in a couple other, hugely superior games. In Star Wars, Knights of the Old Republic, a long chain of side quests where you work for elite bounty hunters known as the genoharadan  the same form of twist is used. In The Elder Scrolls IV Oblivion, the Dark Brotherhood questline concludes with a series of contracts that ends in a similar twist as well.The conclusion we should make here is simply that the same sort of narrative has been told before with more interesting characters, conflicts, moral questions, and acceptable gameplay mechanics  all things Assassins Creed lacks.As for the main protagonist, let us discuss the glorious, nuanced character of Altair that receives so much praise. Great lines of dialogue delivered in a monotone, flat, American accent  Altair is, one would infer, MiddleEastern. Seriously just listen to some of the lines he delivers, the voice acting is hilariously terrible. The character in the beginning so obviously set up for an arrogantcharacterishumbledandhastorediscoverhonorandself cliche its unbearable waiting for it to happen.The gameplay mechanics are the most unnacceptable features of the game. Combat is slow, awkward and frustrating. Climbing and physics are beyond stupid. Gravity in the 1st game works like this jump off building, fall normally for 10 feet or so, stop completely midair and resume falling but instead straight down, no matter the trajectory you had originally.Missions structure is the same literally every time. Do around 3 investigations upon entering a city, consisting of folllowing someone and beating them up, eavesdropping, or doing race or assassination minigames. This is supposedly to gather information on your target. In practice it seems useless, as every assassination seems a wholly scripted event, the investigations just repetitive and unneeded hoops/filler the game forces the player through to advance the shoddy story.Glitches are, of course, prominent and further make the game a frustrating and difficult experience to push through.Please dont play this game. While none of the Assassins Creed games are great, any other game in the series is preferable to this one.