Assassins Creed is the first title of the popular Ubisoft Franchise, Assassins Creed. Launched in 2007, the game received enormous commercial success on consoles, but only a year later after its initial release, Assassins Creed was introduced to PC. Assassins Creed is a semisandbox, actionadventurestealth game set in the Holy lands of Jerusalem, Acre and Damascus during the Crusades.Assassins Creed is a beautiful game, every crack and crevasse is filled with amazing detail, from astounding visuals to overheard cries for help. The graphics are absolutely jaw dropping, despite the age of the game. The Vast cities of Jerusalem and Acre extend into the horizon with hundreds of buildings and thousands of people living out their daily lives. All the while the framerate remains constant.The story, or should I storys, brings the game to life. On the one hand, you play an assassin during the Third Crusade in 1191 AD, named Altair. We follow his quests as he assassinates nine public figures at the command of his master. And on the other hand, you are put into the shoes of Desmond Miles, whose ancestor was Altair. Desmond was taken in by a mysterious organization for questioning, and put into the Animus. The Animus is a device which allows the user to revisit their ancestors past memories. Desmond is forced to relive his ancestors life against his will for unknown reasons.The voice acting is solid throughout the game. Conversations are completely believable and delivered with the perfect amount of solemn dignity. What you hear in the game is more impressive than what you see. In the cities with populated areas, your ears will fill with the pleas of beggars, the din of street vendors, and the occasional humming. At the top of synchronisation points, you hear the wind blowing past you as you climb for the sky, the barking of a faroff dog, and the twittering of birds.Assassins Creed is exceptionally entertaining in that it features a mix of fine stealthy exploration and exciting combat. You start the game off fairly weak, but as you progress through missions, Altair gains new abilities and increased health. Before a primary target can be assassinated, you need to gather intelligence. The methods by which you go about doing so present the most irritating aspects of the game. When you get a mission to assassinate a target, you have to do at least 3 side quests first before you can assassinate the main target. There are an array of side quests that you can choose from, like Pickpocketing, eavesdropping, interrogation, and target elimination. The problem is that after doing one of the side quests, theres practically nothing satisfying about it.After completing three side quests of any variety, you head over to an assassins bureau in the city and you get informed that you can now assassinate your main target. The problem is that all the bits of intelligence you pick up while on side quests have little to no impact on how the eventual primary target mission plays out. Beyond that problem, after repeating the process for each target, things got plain, simple and just really boring.The controls, for me, could have been better. I often found myself getting stuck on a wall, roof top or the side of a building as you cant just jump anywhere you have to jump from one specific point to another. This really got on my nerves, especially when trying to run away from guards, the last thing you want to happen is to get stuck. Combat in the game is fun and exciting, but it does have its issues. First off, there are a few combinations that you will need time to get used to. Secondly, the character did not always do what I wanted him to. This did get a tad annoying sometimes but its not a major issue.The player is given five different weapons long sword, short sword, throwing knives, and a hidden blade. Each weapon is useful in different situations. The long sword is the main tool of selfdefence, and is useful for big battles the short sword is a light and fast blade which is useful when facing small numbers of enemies throwing knives can be very useful as they kill the enemy instantly, and you can use them for long distance kills and the hidden blade which is used for assassinations.Assassins Creed does come with a few issues that just cant be ignored. Firstly, the amount of guards that walk around the roof tops is incredible. It is impossible to go anywhere by running freely on the roof tops without alerting a guard. You can assassinate them, but after a while, that satisfaction of watching Altair use his hidden blade to slam down a guard just becomes boring and you just want to get to where ever you going. So then you decide to take the city streets to your destination, only to find out that its just as annoying as taking the roof tops. The city streets in Assassins Creed are plagued with beggars, drunken people and woman carrying pots on their heads that fall and break if you run into them.If you are on a stealth mission where keeping your distance or blending in is needed, just wait until you come across the beggars who run in front of you, and you only, and start asking for money, meanwhile your target is getting away as once the beggar is in front of you its hard to get them out of the way. Same scenario, but you are confronted with drunken people who walk around and look like zombies from Land Of The Dead, if you get close to them they will push you which ultimately gives away your position and you have to restart the mission.The VerdictAssassins Creed is definitely not the best game in the series, with its repetitive side quests and annoying NPCs, the game can get a bit frustrating and boring. For somebody totally unfamiliar with the game, its certainly worth playing. Even though the game does have its faults, it still offers a great mix of exploration and action that is just waiting to be experienced. Good graphics Lots to explore Great story Challenging missions No side Quests Controls could have been better To many guards on the roof tops To many beggars and drunk people in the citiesSCORE 7.5/10 