Yet another PC port by Ubisoft, Assassins Creed is crazy fun if you know what youre doing.The story behind this Assassin vs Templar universe begins here, but it curiously takes place concurrently in the present day as well as in the past. On the one hand, we have master assassin Altair letting his inflated ego get the better of him, causing him to slip up in a big way, breaking all three of the Creeds most sacred tenets. We follow his path to redemption through the task of 9 assassinations  a task that sees Altair change who he is for the better of all in the guild.The story of the present day centres on Desmond Miles. This story is intermittent at best, as the majority of the game is played out in Altairs time, but to sum it up, he has been captured and forced to relive Altairs memories through a device called an Animus, able to view the genetic memories of the occupant. For those that havent played, there are spoilers, so I wont go into the details.The strange dualstory actually works quite well, as subsequent games have proven in their popularity. I have played all games up to and including AC3, so in hindsight this game set the scene well for future sequels.Controls can be clunky at times. Its easy to get used to, but something simple like running at top speed requires W for moving forward, holding down right click on the mouse to change into High Profile think more obvious to be spotted actions, the space bar as well to hit the sprint and auto jump at building edges or to jump over gaps automatically... and to top it off you have to hit Shift if you want to catch yourself with a grab if you dont quite make the jump. This is an extreme case though, and it should be noted that you are encouraged to move slowly and take your time with your movements so as to not arouse suspicion from guards.But wait, theres more! Running and jumping  hell evenand jumping, is made still more ridiculous by the fact that half the time youll end up somewhere you didnt want to go, or werent aiming for. Case in point walking down an alley, you suddenly decide you want to climb the walls and windows up to the rooftops. You turn around and start a run up to the wall so that youll start climbing when you reach it... only theres this fence youll brush past on your way there. By some fluke or quirk of fate youll find yourself climbing theinstead... even though the fence is at the same level as you are. Youll find yourself hanging on to the end of this fence for dear life... because you wouldnt want to fall! The ground is literally right at your feet. Naturally youll agree with onlookers when they start muttering Somebody should stop him, before he hurts himself and What a fool!So movement can be either really funny or really frustrating depending on the situation. Weapons consist of fists useful for getting information out of people, swords, knives, and of course the signature hidden blade we all know and love. 3 Youll find theres a pretty even spread of circumstances for using these, and once you get the counterkill and grabcounter moves combat will be nothing more than an annoying trifle on your way to the next part in the story.Being the assassintype game that it is, I find it disappointing that everything so easily turns into a bloodbath. Check my screenshots if you dont believe me. Whether its a mission assassination or just trying to walk past a patrol, youll soon discover people from all over the world want to throw themselves on your sword. Sometimes it takes as much as twenty bodies on the ground before your opponents realise they cant win too, and then even after you wipe out a massive group and finally become anonymous again, another patrol comes around a corner and the whole thing starts all over again. I open the map sometimes just to see if the city population changes  Im sure I killed that many.Gameplay consists of various mission types and collectibles in addition to the main 9 assassination missions. In order to access the memories you have to do research about your targets  these can consist of taking out rooftop archers for a brother assassin that cant do it for some reason or another a race eavesdropping punching up the town crier for info, then killing him anyway  pickpocket missions, and a couple of others.The assassinations themselves, while I appreciate the variety of setups and environs, dont satisfy me as much as they could have. Unlike any nuffie guard you could off then walk away without being detected even in front of other guards, I might add, every single core mission sees you enter these weird nowhere places where time doesnt seem to flow and you can talk to your victim regardless of the fact you just stabbed him in the neck. Afterwards you employ the run like hell strategy, because somehow the whole city knows what youve done even before you get there. And theres about twenty guards in hot pursuit, because most times you dont have the opportunity to clear the area before you go in for the kill not without alerting your mark anyway.Like I said, the game is a blood bath, with far too much combat and contrived scenes, and not enough stealth.The graphics are passable for its age, although I find the colour palette lacking. Jerusalem is all grey, Damascus is all terracotta, and I think Acre is a different shade of grey. To be fair Damascus is pleasant, it was definitely my favourite of all the areas. Inside the Masyaf fortress is a close second.I think the variety of characters is good. There are the drunks, wandering aimlessly through the streets and somehow always knowing when Altair is around so they can push him around. The town criers and their propoganda speeches will stay with you well after you finish playing not in a good way. The beggars can get really, really, really annoying, but remember you can punch them when guards arent alerted  they wont do anything. No! You dont understand  Im poor and sick and HUNGRY! BAM Lets face it, everyone punches beggars.Where the game really shines for me is its soundtrack. Especially when everything goes to hell and everyone knows youre a villain  because the music will go crazy! The chase and combat music during the core missions simply cannot be beat, I believe its Access the Animus. Its worth a listen to. There are other great tracks as well  all done by Jesper Kyd, notorious for his awesome work on various games now. I highly recommend checking him out.Despite the problems I encountered, the freezes, glitched collectibles ! FLAGS!, crazy amount of guard killing and stupid autojumping ... I had loads of fun. And I confess the presentday story had me not just intrigued, but hooked. Perhaps itll hook you too. 