Assassins Creed is a strange game. The game is built up around assassinations, as you might have guess, but the actual assassination sequences are rather dull, linear and poorly designed and not really worth doing at all. The rest of the gameplay however, the gameplay thats been put in there for no reason other than to claim its an open world game, is specatular. Running around the cities, jumping from building to building, evading guards is one of the best open world experiences I have had since Prototype.Your are put into the shoes of Miles Desmond who, through the magical wonder of a machine called The Animus get to live the life of his ancestors, or in particular, this one ancestor who happens to be a 12th. century assassin during the crusades. I guess they got lucky when he didnt have to live through the life of that other ancestor that was a 15th. century bar wench.The story gets quite a bit complicated as the life of Miles and his ancestor gets intertwined in a web of conspiracies and ancient secret societies. You know, the usual stuff. Its not a case of bad writing but it does get a little contrived towards the end and the lack of any strong and memorable characters hurts it a lot.The fighting is mostly a case of parry and counter facing numerically superior enemies who are, fortunately for you, quite weak. Learning the tempo to this is quite easy however and youll get bored quickly with the regular combat.The assassinations, performed mostly with the trademarked I cut my finger off for laughs hidden blade, are usually a scripted sequence and often involved a chase scene of some sort. Its not particularly interesting and the amount of fighting and running that needs to be done means youll never really feel like an assassin.The open world is where the action is at, the movement is fluid and quick and the scenery is beautiful. Running around the city being chased by a slew of guards is open world at its best and Id recommend the game almost purely on that fact alone.When it all comes down to it, its a game that fails at what its trying to do and succeeds at what its not. Its a strange combination but still a good open world play, even if what was originally intended as the core gameplay is somewhat disappointing. 