Did you ever think to yourself...  Wow, I wish I could be an assassin, indiscriminately executing evil doers and fiends alike?  I certainly know the answer to that question for myself was a passionate yes!  Occasionally as a child I would don a white sheet around my neck, painted with a red cross.  I would stealthily sneak around  my living room, surprising my family members with a cardboard dagger, I created from a produce box..I would pounce from behind the couch and pretend to slash my father, my mother, my brothers, it didnt matter who.  Ahh those glorious days when I was a wee lad and my imagination could run wild for hours.. or until the ADHD compelled me to find something else to do.Well Assassins Creed may be just the game to fill your childhood roleplaying fantasys in reality.. after all its far better and cheaper than trying to actually become an assassin am I rite?To start off with it needs to be said that Assassin Creed is the grand daddy of the Creed series, so the AI is kind of dumb and undeveloped, the game play is repetitive and the combat is slightly boring.  Yes I said it Assassin Creed on paper isnt a very good game at all....  Im talking in 2016, where as in 2008 when the game came out it was fresh and new, so quite a few of the issues which plague the game were forgivable.  It wouldnt be a good review if I left out that the game feels very dated now.Starts you off as Altair an assassin on a mission, I wont spoil what youre after, but if you put two and two together youll figure it out Its pretty much a tutorial getting you familiar with the game..  After the fairly short tutorial mission youll awaken to find yourself in the shoes of a man named Desmond Miles..  Hes being held hostage and forced to enter the Animus, a machine which can somehow bring out the memories of your ancestors.. I wont go into anymore detail as I wouldnt want to spoil the fun of discovering the story.This is the meat and potatoes of any game, the actual game play.  In Assassin Creed unfortunately the gameplay gets rather repetitive, its set up on a series of memory blocks, which are self contained stories which combine together to form the story arc.  In the game or the Animus you are greeted with 6 or 7 different investigations, 3 of which are required to access the unique Assassination.  These are generic Eavesdropping, pick pocketing, Interrogations nearly identical to pick pocketing, only this one requires you to beat up the target for information.  The few others scattered in are timed flag captures, assassinations, and destruction mission..   This wouldnt be so bad if it wasnt repeated on every stage, about 3 times per map.You also have two types of collectibles, each of the 5 major areas has its own set of collectibles.  Flags, view points and citizens... the flags offer little to no reason to actually collect them, I suppose on the console versions collecting all of them would net you an achievement or trophy, but the PC version offers nothing.  I guess this was just left over from the console version..  Competitionist will probably enjoy tracking down these little boogers, but the rest of us will just ignore them as you gain nothing from collecting them.  The view points are far more valuable as each one removes fog off the in game map, and reveals the locations of investigations, and citizens which you can rescue from harassment.  The Citizens unlike the flags actually have the added benefit of placing either a roving band of Scholars which allow you to easily escape from guards or citizens who grab and stop guards from chasing you.The combat appears to be a button masher at first, but youll quickly discover the true way to be a master assassin is using Counter Attack, which often times turns combat into a long drawn out affair.  Instead of mashing down the buttons and quickly ending the guards, youre left to wait for an attack.. It can take the Guards anywhere from 5  15 seconds to attack.  Early on in the game youre assassin seems much more capable of killing guards, normally a counter attack means the guard dies.  Later on the guards can take three or four counters to actually die.  Many encounters have the potential of having 10 guards.  So do the math... the game is called Assassin Creed though, so youll figure out that its much easier to run away and hide than try and fight them all..in 2008 when the game was first released, Id give it an easy 9/10, it was revolutionary for its time, and presented a unique experience which was fairly lacking at the time.  In 2016 the game feels very dated.  Considering video games arent wine being dated isnt a good thing.  So Id say its probably a 6/10.  Not a great game but certainly not a bad game either, far greater choices exist in 2016 which were absent in 2008.Ill recommend this game as its the game which started the Assassin Creed franchise, and most people like myself just cant hop into a series in the middle.  So be Leary if you buy the game you may very well find yourself going gah, I have to do this again?  Just suck it up and plow through, the second game is only 15  17 hours away...