The first thing you will notice are the vastly outdated graphics, which just hurt your eyes and are nothing like the trailers and the screenshots. Everything is downgraded as usual. However, this is not the biggest of surprises in the game industry these days, so in my generosity, it can be forgiven.What I and many others fail to understand is the concept of the game, for it simply isnt very well thought out before put into use. This is very obvious when you really start to understand the gameplay and try to execute the things you observe the game showing you, which eventually feels clunky, outdated and sometimes, unfortunately, even flatout depressing.Gameplaywise, the game holds your hand almost all the time and it becomes really annoying, when you start to notice you have no real difference in the course of action. There are moments where you just feel completely lost and get annoyed at how everything doesnt quite fit together.The controls dont feel fluid at all, and occasionally you feel like youre either stuck in the mud or glue, or the game intentionally was made hard and frustrating to control. Why would anyone want to offer the players of their game an experience like this?And whats really frustrating are the sounds. Its like someone literally wanted to hire one of the worst composers, voice actors and the sound designers for this kind of a game! Could it be simply a bad decision from the lead of this project or very, very dark humor from the entire team of the game developers? You decide!And dont even get me started on the AI. Its rather nonexistent. Some games are famous for their silly botAI that keeps doing mistakes and failing at the only thing it was designed to do. The only difference between those games and this is that the AI here isnt even funny. It just wants to make you shout at its actions in utter rage.The performance of the game tends to be lackluster. Ive seen it perform badly on many different specs and machines, which cannot garner much respect, but at this point it doesnt really surprise, either.All this could be fixed with at least a long, interesting story that would give content for your money and/or time, but it doesnt really offer either.When you thought it couldnt get any worse, the game has more bugs here and there, hindering your already nonexistent progressing and sucking the last drops of joy out of the experienceOn top of all of this, the game is insanely difficult to progress in. Everything has been made nonintuitive for the average gamer, to the point even hardcore difficulty masochists will find it unpleasant to experience.It all makes you think Where is the gaming industry heading these days?