A sandbox game with plenty of tedium added for good measure.are fairly decent. I have not compared to the console version of the game. In the PC version the graphics are not ground breaking but are functional and polished. Animations are smooth and environments are well realised. The cities are modest in size and look the part for the period the game is set. The streets are littered with things you would expect, haystacks, street murchants etc.is good. The most noticable thing about the sound is the background music which fits more with the modern part of the modern/historical aspect of the story. Apart from that the audio doesnt really stand out in any particular way, everything sounds like you would expect.is heavily story driven. The story and premise is fairly interesting. The historical part of the story the important part IMO is about a disgraced assassin trying to redeem himself. The protagonist sees himself as the bringer of justice etc.Unfortunately the games is boiled down to but a few core gameplay mechanics such as fighting/evading, eavesdropping and, and the main one, assassinating. This makes the game incredibly tedious. The meat of the story is the assassinations, but to get to that you have to do a set number of the other stuff first. Unfortunately the other side missions become tedious after just a few times because it is ALWAYS the same. After 20 hours of gameplay I completely lost interest and stopped playing. Travelling between locations is also uninteresting, but thankfully there is a quick travel option.One thing that I just cant understand is the requirement to walk when near the authorities, it just doesnt make any sense at all. In Hitman it is somewhat logical, you are in disguise so you must walk to maintain your cover, but in Assassin Creed you wear your assassins outfit everywhere, so what difference does it make if you walk or run?The sandbox presentation is wasted on this game, I think it would have been more successfull as a linear mission based style like Hitman. The developers limited the core gameplay too much when compared to the likes of GTA.If you have plenty of time to waste, this is an above average game but the repetitive gameplay was just a bit much for me, I cant recommend it to people with limited game time. Take a look at Far Cry 3 if you want a really good sandbox, or the new Tomb Raider for a nice linear experience. Both of those games felt shorter than this even though they probably arent and they both felt much more engaging and interesting. 