Assassins Creed is a very strong game that will satisfy individiuals that love history and war, but also the real main story of Assassins Creed.Setting The game is set in the Third Crusade times, the battle between Islam and Christianity. It features Desmond Miles, a protagonist in 21st Century America, which is kidnapped by the antagonist company Abstergo Industries. This company uses the Animus, a genericmemory stimulator, on Desmond to recall his memories through his ancestor Altar IbnLaAhad.The cities involved are Masyaf, the assassin creeds home city, Acre, ran by the Knights Templars, and Jerusalem and Damascus, both cities ran by the Templars and enemy Saracens. There is one more city however I wont spoil it. The landscape is different for each city, but only noticable in each city. There are three districts, poor, middle, and rich district, and you would assume there are higher quality buildings as the districts become richer, but again, you can only notice them.Plot The plot line is certainly intriguing. Having played AC II, Brotherhood, and Revelations, and having not finished AC I, all the storylines from the sequels made actual sense once I completed this. Onto the plot though, there are two separate plots that do intertwine. To clarify that, there is the story of Desmond and the story of Altair and the plotlines intertwine through the story of Altair and Desmond mashing in present 21st century America hard to explain I know. Just know, the plot makes absolute sense once you play the games. From the perspective of ACs release in 2007, it was very very intriguing to interpret the plot without knowing the sequel storylines, so the plot from that perspective is a massive plus. The finish was very surprising as well might I mention.Also, I completed the game in 18 hours, which included the core plot and the main sidemissions. I did not complete finding the flags and killing the templar guards as I found them to be irrelevent. I had only played 14.9 hours on Steam, however 18 hours came from I playing about 3.5 hours of the game and me realising after three hours that Steam didnt realise I was playing AC, so there was a glitch in the Steam Client.Only nuisences regarding the plot is the sidemissions. As you progress into the game, they become more of a chore than actual for fun, for example, when there is an investigation side mission, the guards keep on coming later in the game and is ridiculous as they are alert, and spot you without even looking at you, meaning you failed the investigation. So yes, there was a few unbalanced AI involved with the missions, but other than that, it relieves you in the end once you know all are completed.And to note, I realised why I got so bored of the game about three hours into it on my first playthrough last year, and that was because the horse riding from Masyaf to the other cities is so long, it would take at least 15 minutes to travel, ridiculous and boring especially when The Kingdom is just a transition area with no real meaning.Gameplay Gameplay is very solid. For a game released in 2007, it is surprising to see how smooth the gameplay is. For a game that emphasises parkour and combat, I see it as a major positive adding to the game. Only negatives regarding gameplay is how basic some actions are. For example, you will notice the same amount of counters to attacks and blocks, something that I felt could have been explored further.Sound/Dialogue/Graphics The graphics are very good for a 2007 game. I praise that.Dialogue is good as there is mostly variety in individual dialogues. Only negative for dialogue is the Save Citizens missions, the dialogue is extremely repeatitive. There was also some minor speech issues that I had noticed.Sound Serviceable. There was rare audio issues that I encountered.Negatives This review may seem very positive, but gee these negatives are really that annoying. Overall, there are several bugs and glitches Ill name a few, for Save Citizens missions, you would get glitches where you could not trigger the person to speak to after completing the task. Another was cameras getting stuck on the player, especially moderately when walking through doors, completely annoying.Overall A very solid game and a good firstentry to the Assassins Creed series. If you didnt bother reading the review, the plot was consistent and intriguing, the graphics were very good, the sound was servicable, the dialogue was good, and gameplay was very solid. There were several bugs and glitches within the game that completely nagged me. The game is currently worth 10 on Steam, Id say buy it, no harm done, sets up the good foundation for the series. Now, the rating is low compared to what I mentioned in the review as it was not an excellent game by all means. 7.5/10EDIT I didnt note, but since the game took me 18 hours to complete, for the individual, I would assume it would take 20 hours to complete by doing all tasks.Thanks for reading my review! If you like my reviews and care to read more, feel free to join Antwogs Analysis Reviews.If you have questions comment below or post in Antwogs Analysis Reviews general discussion page. If you liked it, give it a rating.