The original.Great story, the element of past vs. present and the everpresent mystery and suspense is almost overhelming. A definite favourite of mine at any rate.This game got me into the Assassins creed franchise. The gameplay may not be the very best there is, but its good. The side missions are the same in every city and every district, which is at times boring. However, the whole story and the actual main missions are all worth this.The freerunning aspect of the gameplay is of course the main pull. Even at this stage its already great fun to run along the rooftops, though it gets considerably better in the later games.The weapons are few, but its enough for this game. The hidden blade and the sword are all you need most of the time, anyway.My favourite part are the little stories told during the death scenes. The dialogue is well written and it makes you think and question and doutb much like it does the main character. The plot is the driving force of this games at any rate, because the mystery and the power are something to be revealed, something to be discovered.The combat is fairly easy, once you get the hang of it. As you acquire new skills and techniques, you grow bolder in combat, no longer waiting for the opportunity to counter, but to attack as well. The aspect of growth is important as the game progresses and as the character changes. First, you get to try out all the things you have, all that you can do, but you do not know how to do or use most of those things. Then, they are ripped away from you and youre left with only the bare necessities. You learn as the characters does, to use the little you have and to deserve more.The cities are different in architecture, all magnificent, although the details are not all that sharp. However, this is the first game and if played first, it will pull you in. Its set where most other games never set foot, therefore compelling.The educational side is great. The characters presented in the games, mostly villains, are based, in many cases, on real historyrelated people. Theres so much to learn and so much passion to ignite while having fun at the same time.One major downside is the lack of subtitles. For someone such as myself, who is not a native speaker, it is hard to understand the dialogue at times, which is a pity since its so well written. Also, the hearing impaired gamers are sure to feel left out, because they cannot enjoy this piece as well as they could were the subtitles there.Despite the fact that the gameplay is somewhat repetitive, apart from the main missions, it is still revolutionary. Youre allowed to run and be free for as long as you wish. The combat is fun, because winning usually is  saving poor people is a bonus and you feel like a hero for a while, though the story and the other characters dont see you as such. But as the story grows, so does the character and this is one of the few games where the main character learns, grows and changes. The Altair you start out with and the one you are at the end are not the same and the difference is palpable. The game holds a potential for greatness only developed and fully discovered in the later games. It makes for an enjoyable 20hour ride nonetheless.7/10 