Jim Carrey I like it a lot.I had heard a lot of good and bad things about this particular game in the franchise which made me a little unsure on whether or not I was going to enjoy it. Which would have been pretty bad if I didnt seeing as I binge traded for pretty much the whole franchise.The main impression I got from people was that the story was good but the gameplay was repetitive to the point of you just wanting to get to the end ASAP. Which, in ways, it was repetitive. But for me it was more than tolerable. The story kept me interested enough for me to not really mind all that much.It has a Batman Arkham City feel to it. Or at least for me it did. The world is open but there are a limited range of activities you can actually do.Story wise, I enjoyed it! I constantly wanted to know what was going on and I wanted answers, dang nab it! At points it messed with my head, made me think of all kinds of weird possible plot twists and weird philosophical theories on truth and reality. Which is great! Might just be me but you gotta love games that poke at your brain a little.There was a whole element to the game that kind of comes up inbetween chapters that I didnt even know existed. You dont really see that side to it in the trailers so that was interesting to me.I played through this with well, at the same time as a friend whilst on call and from the profanity that came from my mouth and just how angry I was getting at times it wouldnt surprise me if he thought I hated this game. A few times I did actually shout OH MY GOD I HATE THIS GAME.But it was lies! Point being that even though I raged quite a lot, I still really enjoyed it.The mechanics for the game are great, the parkour kind of freerunning stuff is really fun when its not being annoying although you get used to it, the combat is fun but was the main part I raged at to be honest. Probably just horrific at it. The assassin/stealth parts of the game are also really good. Makes you feel all badass being able to be really sneakily stealth kill some suckra then freerun your way out of it.One thing I kept in mind the whole time whilst playing this game was that this game is pretty darn old. It was released around 2007 or somewhere around there. I think its been touched up since then, but still for how old it is especially, its a good game.All in all, I like it and I look forward to continuing the franchise!TLDR  Gameplay is somewhat repetitive although its not that bad but it makes up for that with an interesting story. Awesome stealth/assassin/parkour/combat mechanics and all around an awesome game for how old its getting these days. Definitely worth trying this. 