And so thats how the awesome Assassins Creed franchise begins!Having played this game on its release time frame back in 2008 on the PS3, I now felt compelled to replay the game on PC and I have to say, the game do look much better on PC! As for the controls, I managed to play with the Xbox 360 gamepad so they werent as clunky as mentioned with KeyboardMouse. Although, since this game is the first of this annual release franchise, there was many aspects that was clunky and boring. Ill get to that down below!The game itself is linear and repetetive, but the amazing art stylewhich makes the game feel kinda dusty, freerunning mechanic and combat made the game a revolutionary success!PROSIntriguing story that keeps you guessing until the very end both the animus and real reality,Interesting visuals and especially the artstyle Impressive graphics even to this day.Amazing soundtrack Jesper Kyd really truly rocks! Its great that hes back with AC2, AC Brotherhood and AC Revalations. Sadly, Ubisoft discarded this great composer for AC3 and AC4.Freerunning gameplay adds some exploration to the game.Escaping your assassination pumps your adrenaline! Sad this feature was removed on the other AC games as you actually feel like an assassin there.CONSExperienced a few game crashes and freezes so maybe it can be attributed to Windows 8.1 although, I havent left any game progress!Audio stuttering.No subtitles closed captions.Repetitive submissions, tasks.Cant swim!Eagle Eye vision mode cannot be use while moving.Annoying NPC that hinder your progress during freerunning namely the beggars, drunks, etc.HUGE amount of collectibles that serves no real purpose besides collecting Flags.Last missions requires you to SOLO fight multiple enemies at once and that repeats a few times. If you havent mastered the controls by then, youll be restarting quite often!RECOMMENDATIONYes, I really recommend this game if by some chance, you havent played THE GAME that spawned a big successful franchise. You may become bored though once you finished the game so for the replayability factor, it can be either low or high, if you really liked it. In my case, since I havent played it since 2008, it was worth a revisit as I was due to catch up my Assassins Creed craving.RATING8.0 / 10Nothing is true, everything is permitted. 