AC is the game that started it all, mixing some excellent open world action / parkour with an overarching story and metastory that could easily be the screenplay for the next big scifi film.  It also nailed the basic open world action gameplay mechanic of combining primary objectives with optional side quests batman, climbing towers to make nearby objectives appear on the map farcry 3, and fluid hand to hand skirmishes that become more complex as the game progresses batman.  AC nails these mechanics right out of the gate.The meat of the game is exploration of the game world, set in the middle east some time during the crusades. There are 3 cities to explore, each with similar architecture but a distinctive feel.  The player can only access a few sections of the city initially, and more become available as the story progresses.  Being an assassin, the primary missions involve dealing death to some high profile victim in a specific city and section.  Secondary objectives are a mix of protect the citizen, assasinate these minor dudes, pickpocketing, evesdropping, and parkouring challenges.  There are also flags scattered around that you can pick up but there was little incentive to do so.Story sections and major missions feature a brief cinematic that is rendered in the game world.  Often you can switch to another camera position by clicking a button on the joystick.  The cinematic then seamlessly returns control to the player.There is also an overarching meta story that is told from the perspective of a young man who is apparently a descendant of the assassin you are playing.  There is a device called the Animus that you lie opon... it then allows you to access and play out the memories from the past, and also influence apparently the original outcome.  I wont reveal anything else about that... you will need to discover that for yourself.All is not perfect though there are some annoyances The gameplay is repetitive, with only minor variance as your level increases.  The boss battles tend to become more complex but the meat and potatoes are samey. The cities have some differences but honestly if you plopped me in one city and asked me to correctly identify it, it would be difficult.  They dont feel different enough, adding to the sameyness. The textures and character models are a bit crude.  I would definitely recommend the hi res texture mod, which you can find on the steam forums. This game was designed with an XBOX controller in mind... you will NOT want to use a mouse.  Not necessarily a huge annoyance but I for one prefer mouse and keyboard over joystick.All in all I enjoyed the game immensely and would definitely recommend it.9/10