Its good in a lot of ways, but is not recommended,This game has a lot of things going for it, especially for the time. The premise is unique, the setting is really cool and the attempt to tell a story set within actual history is commendable. That story is also stronger than I was expecting, and the dialogue is decent. For a game that is a decade old, it looks... alright, all things considered. It even runs fine on a modern PC Intel 6600K GForce 1070 even on a 219 monitor. But its age really does become apparent in several ways If you think the climb a tower, mark an objective, execute, repeat gets boring in current UbiSoft games, buckleup, because it is much more of a grind in this game. It doesnt even alert you to alternate ways of executing a target most of the time. 90 of them just let you know where 1 or 2 citizens need help, and occasionally a mission objective, all of which you can naturally just discover wandering around the city. At least Far Cry 3 tied gear unlocks to the towers in a lorefriendly way. Combat is pretty pointless. Just time counterattacks and youll be fine for the vast majority of enemies, even though youre supposed to be strategic and run from large encounters. One time I didnt feel like finding cover, and instead laid waste to a small army out in the desert with virtually no effort. The most difficult and frustrating enemy in the game is the controls. I can appreciate that they dole out moves over the course of the game so you can get used to them, but you get a hang on them really quickly, and then it inevitably becomes repetitive. Controls. Holy Hell. I was initially impressed with the way they organize the gamepad controls to fit with  areas of the body, but like a lot with this game that wore off early on in the game. Are you gonna climb that wall, or vault off of it? You gonna climb to that clearly visible holdpoint, or just hang there while I pivot the camera around to try to find whatever arbitrary playstate you need to be in before youll move? Are you going to run to sit in a hide spot, or clip the invisible hitbox of a person sitting there  ruin the whole thing? They were clearly in love with the pseudocinematic sequences in the game, because they dont let you skip them. Not when youve rescued a citizen and you want to bone out before guards see the pile of bodies at your feet. Not when you biff a mission probably because of the controls and you want to retry it. The only one Ive been able to skip in 12.5 hours of play is the opening, and only with the keyboard not with the gamepad. which is another control issue, but in order to play you have to navigate the first half of the menu w/ the keyboard, then with the controller. Its wonky. The game regularly lets you know that youve hit a checkpoint, but if you die you will get punted back to the same spot over and over. You dont lose collectibles youve found or anything, but other than that the checkpoints are completely pointless. Speaking of collectibles, there are a bunch of flags and additional assassination targets strewn around the maps, but because they didnt implement achievements on Steam, they are also completely pointless. No unlocks with few exceptions, no extra lore you can read through. Nothing. You arent even rewarded for exploration with new information about your target the only additional tips you can get are via the tasks youre REQUIRED to do before you are allowed to take out a target.There are things in newer UbiSoft games that feel grindy, unfair, or just kind of outofplace, but playing this game really drills in just how far theyve come in terms of game design. I wouldnt say that this game is pointless, or even without its fun moments. But if Id paid 20 for this I would be Luckily I only paid 6, which in Canada is, like, one beer at a bar. So this has definitely lasted me longer than 1 beer would. Thats why when its on sale and it frequently is I wouldnt discourage someone from getting it, but for 20 is not a recommendation. 