I first played this game in 2010 and at first I thought it was amazing, however now after 7 years I have some different opinions about the game. Lets start with the good points about the game1. The story  The story line in assassins creed has to be one of the best in videogame histroy as the franchise has been successful from the debut in 2007 all the way to present day. If you pay attention to the dialogue you will find a griping story that continues across the other games.2. The combat  The game has a very easy combat system to use with a veriaty of methods to kill your enemies, sometimes the counters are a little laggy but if your timing and reactions are good then you will have a fun time cutting down your enemies.3. The graphics  The graphics in comparison to newer games are awful but for a game released in 2007 the graphics are quite good and work on a veriaty of systems without any type of glitchs or lag.Now lets look at the bad parts of assassins creed1. The sounds  In general the sounds are great quality and have no problems but there is one sound I really dont like and thats the poor women that ask for just a few coins you seem to hear it nearly everywhere in the city at somepoint and it can drive you insane!2. Climbing  Unlike newer assassins creed titles the climbing in this game is very slow and sluggish. sometimes altiar just stands aimlessly on a wall whilst you mash your keys trying to make him move. If you think that when enemies are chasing you that you will just climb to get away forget it! It is nearly impossible to climb away from the guards.3. Guards  The guards can make the game fun at times but mostly they just get in the way, for example when you are doing a stealth mission such as assassination missions the guards will make it very hard for you to complete this type of mission.4. Saving citizens  The game offers a little but not compulsory side quest where you save citizens from guards attacking them, this is very fun and you need to do it to achieve 100 sync in the game. The problem I have with this is that once you have killed all the guards the person you saved takes ages to finish talking the things they say are the same for each type of character you save and irrelevent and then after that the camera locks on to the people who will block guards for you these people are unlocked over the city as you save more people when you just want to climb away before more annoying guards arrive to attack you.OVERVIEWIn general I recommend assassins creed to anyone who is looking at buying it as it has to be one of my personal favourite games and is part of one of my favourite game franchises! The Bad points list does have more points than the good points list but if you read what I had to say then you will notice that the things in the bad points list are minor little things that are no issue to most people and all the things that make a game good are found in the good points list. It took me about 18 hours in total to complete the game with 100 synch and I enjoyed it as much as I did the first time I played it. So yes do buy this game!