 Personal Rating Single Playthrough Traditional Rating 7 / 10The first game in the now very popular Assassins Creed franchise. While this entry wasnt as popular as the following sequels, its still a pretty decent game even now in its own right. In this entry, you play as the arrogant Altair and Desmond controlling him through a machine called The Animus as he is forced to recover his original rank among the Brotherhood after a mission gone wrong.Now, bearing in the mind that this IS the first game in the series  the game has two stances combat and movement. In movement, there are further two stances  Blended mode, movement is slower but makes you less conspicuous, even less so if you use the Blend command and then theres the Free Run mode, where you hold down a key/button and movement will be much faster and will be able to automatically scale walls, jump from buildings, etc as well as do a more flashy assassination maneuver. The combat stance is accessed when you are locking on to an enemy and have a weapon drawn. By holding the same key/button you use for Freerun is the same key you use to block incoming enemy attacks, the rest of the moveset is a your standard attack, grapple and step dodge  by holding the block key and pressing the attack key will initiate the Counter animation when unlocked. Its not a very complex system but it works and is fun to experiment with.Altair has with him an arsenal that gets bigger as you progress through the game Yes story, not collectibles. You start out with a standard sword and of course your handy Hidden Blade. Later on, you gain the overpowered throwing daggers and a better standard sword. Now I made a mention of the daggers per se because you will be using these a LOT. They one shot enemies off combat or if youre far away from them, they work on Assassination targets fights by decreasing their health by quite a lot and staving regular enemies off easy.Now the real meat of the game is, of course, exploration and assassinations. Each city and the road in between them is filled with bustling life that looks and feels very natural as well as enemies and NPCs react to what youre doing very realistically  like say if youre scaling a wall, an NPC will say something according to it. Every city, like Jerusalem, Acre, etc  is very detailed themselves and is a visual treat to see. The enemies and NPC models are pretty well varied across each city with minor details changed up in faces to distinguish some people from others, their facial expressions and the such are also pretty decent, though not as good as Altairs.As far as your objectives in the game go... its nothing very interesting, at all. Each city has about the same objectives everytime youre sent on an Assassination mission  youre forced to climb up to Synchronization points scattered through that city until you find Investigation missions, which serve more as game padding than anything else in my opinion because they arent varied enough. Two of them involving fellow assassins have you racing from Point A to point B within an alloted amount of time, another has you stealth killing special enemies  other missions involve Interrogations, which have you following an NPC around till you feel its a correct time to beat the information out of that person, another has you Eavesdropping, a mission that has you merely sit on a bench and listen to two NPC babble on, and one that involves listening to NPCs babble on about some special item, whom which you Pickpocket from them. You only need atleast 2 or 3 out of the usual 6 per Assassination Mission to actually access the Assassination mission. And this process will repeat about 9 or so times throughout the ENTIRE game. One issue I had with the game was that it felt a little too random at times. There were times where I failed an investigation mission, had to kill the enemies or die so I could restart it merely because there was a group of enemies walking by that for some reason notice you while others dont. It was irritating.  However the actual assassination missions are amazing, and easily the most fun you will have in the game. You can complete most assassination missions without being seen and resorting to combat since theres no set timer and the game forces you to think your options through and act accordingly. Some later missions sadly force you to resort to combat, which lessens the impact the assassination has because its a bit random, you can be fighting a group of enemies and then another second when you counter ANOTHER enemy, youll see Altair jump on top of the target and kill him randomly.An issue I did have with the game that may put off a lot of people  combat. The combat is generally really slow and clunky and is really random. At first, the enemies behave pretty predictably and are easy to kill  more so considering that they actually wait until you kill someone else first and just stare at you brutally murdering them THEN decide to attack you, or some enemies actually flinch allowing for an easy chain kill  then they start countering your moves as enemies get stronger. Unlike what you may read around, no, later on in the game, most counters will NOT one hit kill enemies, Altair may just push them back and you have to do that killing yourself by attacking the downed enemy. Something that I felt was rather random was sometimes the counters dont seem to work outright, and you end up taking more damage than what you needed to, sometimes because of things outside your control. Later on aswell, the enemies take a liking to grappling you a LOT and that can get REALLY annoying. Not to even mention that you CANNOT hit the boss enemies when they are grounded. The AI is also really stupid  in closed areas of the game, if you get low on health, just run circles around the enemies until you get some health back.All in all though, I had fun with the game. I actually do recommend it lightly to those that enjoy the thrill that is careful preparation and to those that love seeing worlds that feel alive. Annoyances like the NPC beggars whom will actually block movement sometimes and are EXTREMELY annoying, the random and clunky combat, and the repetitiveness of the Investigation missions will seem more forgetable after you get to the better parts of the game. Altair becomes a more likeable character and the story itself, while not as clear sequels will actually keep you wanting to see more of what the game can offer  and of course the amazing Assassination Missions, the reason youre playing this game.Edit I forgot to mention, this game DOES have collectibles in the forms of Flags scattered across the world. I personally didnt go after them in the game as they have no real incentive or motive to collect them other than for collectionists sake.