A man has been kidnapped because his DNA can reconstruct events taking place in the Holy Land during the time of the crusades. So your task is to sneak, climb, jump, fight and murder your way through some beautiful old cities in order to uncover and destroy an evil conspiracy. All of it from a firstperson perspective.I bought it as I heard Assassins Creed 2 was really good and I thought Id make sure to catch up on the story first. I wish I hadnt.Graphics 9/10The game is gorgeous. The buildings are beautifully rendered, even though the human characters look very aged. And they clearly didnt have fabric softener back in those days. Those capes  urgh. The Leap of Faith action is nearly! worth the price of admission in itself.Sound 6/10The music is pretty good. Not amazing to the point where you stop to listen to it, but its decent. The voice acting is all over the place. Some of the arabians speak english with an arabian accent. Fine, I can cope with that. English with an american accent, fine, were used to it. English with an english accent? Yeah, makes sense, especially during the crusades. But seriously, an australian accent??? During the crusades? Im sorry, but I just cant suspend disbelief that far. Maybe its me.Story 3/10So there is a story in it. It gets fleshed out the tiniest bit once every half hour of playing. Essentially because there really isnt that much story in it to go around. The characters are OK, but it just feels like an excuse to show off the graphics abilities of the console it was ported from.Fun 2/10Oh, boy. Where to start? It starts off pretty OK. You go to a pretty city and lo and behold, a lady in distress. Fie, evildoers! I chase off 4 minions with my sword and save her. Whats around the next corner, I wonder? Another lady in distress? OK, right, Ill chase off those 4 minions again. No problem. What will the game bring next. Help me, please! Wait, seriously?The first half an hour of the game is fine. After that it ceases being a game and starts being a chore instead. The missions just arent that varied and more time is spent moving from place to place anyway.You may have heard people complain that the boss fights are just more of the same minions, but this is only partly true. There is one boss so evil and heinious, it is nearly impossible to defeat. This villain is the person who designed the controls for this game. Running from a lynch crowd who want to stabbystab you to death uses the same button as jumping up on a rock, waving your arms and shouting Hey, look at me! Im a gargoyle! So when youre running, better stay away from rocks or you will get stabbed.And then there is the pleasure of wishing to do a mission on the far side of the map. After sneaking, stabbing  running through town to get there, you start the mission. Then halfway through, the game crashes and you have to start over from the other side of town and do it again. FFS.Our hero jumps, spins and dances. Occasionally also in the direction you want him to. The combat system is atrocious. You dont really have a reliable way of selecting a target which becomes particularly tedious near the end, where your hero kills 9 minions, jumps towards the 10th, and oops, lands outside the playable area. You have died. Start again.Oh, and not to mention the menu at the top shows that right means drop. And you push it and push it and your hero is just standing and grabbing open air becaause seemingly right meant grab here even if it says drop. Oh, and lets not forget about him attacking walls when you push the attack button while surrounded by enemies. This game is really really bad.It gets one point for the leap of faith, and one for the gleeful feeling of running from a horde of soldiers, jumping into a hideout and seeing them all running past you.Penalties 3/10Bad controls. Game crashing bugs. And what the heck is it with that logging out procedure? In order to stop the game and exit to windows, I have to pause the game. Leave the simulation in the game. Pause the game again. Select exit. Select my profile. Push a button. And then I get the chance to exit to Windows.On the plus side, I havent had any DRM issues with it.It is beautiful and the cities are built with love and care for details. I really wish I could recommend it. But I cant. The game stinks. Playing it is a downright frustrating experience. Might have been better on console, I dont know. Gonna try Assassins Creed 2 now. It had damn well better be worth it. 