7.75/10. tldr at bottomWhile that might not be exactly a breathtaking score, you will get 2030 hours of gameplay out of this bad boy if you take your time and allow yourself to be immersed into the world, which I think makes it worth the price tag. When it first came out, everybody in the right mind knew that this was a good first step for Ubisofts new IP. I owned the Platinum Edition of the game on Xbox 360 which had fixed almost all the bugs and glitches and I must say that it is easily one of my favorite singleplayer games of all time. Collected every flag, slayed every Templar, and unlocked every achievement. So to play it again on PC was nostalgic to say the least.Pros1. A rich and immersive story that has never been done before. That is, if you can look past the repetitive nature through which it is told more on that later. You can see a lot of things being setup, and with the help of the setting it takes place in, you might just find yourself doing what I did. Which was looking up stuff about the real life Hashashin and Templar Order, and researching the Crusades and places within the game, which they did a stunning job of recreating, especially for when the game came out. Their alternate take on history is crazycool, but the only way to truly do it justice is by playing it for yourself.2. Stealth works quite well, although it is significantly improved upon in later editions of the series. Blending in with the masses or groups of scholars fits and is quite seamless. As things progress the city guards are on higher alert, and youll notice more of them on the streets, and also that there are more elite guards on the look out for the infidel. They provide a fair challenge until you get a grip of the combat which is fairly basic, and thats good because Altair is supposed to be a total badass anyway, and a master swordsman. This allows for three primary different playstyles stealth, open combat, or a mixture of those two.3. Another major thing to mention is the climbing works well. It is what gave that magical feel to this game when you play it for the first time. An open world where I can scale buildings and run through the streets of these beautifully crafted locales using parkour? Honestly made me want to go do it in real life. And some people did, just check YouTube! This is another mechanic that was trademark of the AC series, and only got better for the most part with each new installment. For its time though the system was awe inspiring, and fit the nature of the game perfectly, allowing you to truly bring out your inner assassin.Cons1. I wont spoil anything actually important, or something that would ruin the story. The story and lore is great. But the gameplay that tells it... repetitive. For me, a kid who played Mercenary Playground of Destruction several times over, this wasnt much of a problem. It was easy to look past this and appreciate it from an artistic standpoint. Still, it must be mentioned, and if you ask anybody, this is probably one of the biggest gripes on Assassins Creed I.2. While the Directors Cut and Platinum editions fixed a lot of stuff, the game can still be buggy as hell. I DO NOT... repeat, do not recommend this game if it is not compatible with your PC. Like me, youll run into occasional crashes the game has a great autosave system though, outright unobtainable and missing flags or Templars if you want to 100 the game like I did on the 360, and simply hilarious! glitches with guards dead bodies and even Altair. Annoyingly, sometimes when performing a Leap of Faith, hell go through the entire animation and everything only to oddly bounce off the haybale at the bottom, sometimes resulting in your death. A fix can be found on YouTube / with a Google search.3. The game is not keyboard friendly at all. In fact, the controls arent even described ingame for mouse and keyboard, saying things like Press the Head button to use Eagle Vision but youll be screwing around for minutes trying to figure it out. I recommend a controller. However, this also has issues setting it up. Majority of people, including myself, had to do a quick internet search, download a patch to get the game to recognize the Xbox 360 PC controller properly. Even still, keyboard and mouse with the Assassins Creed games just feels awkward and wrong. I recommend a controller, and spend the 1015 minutes fixing it if needed  learning the controls of the game. At least if you learn them now, youll basically know how to play the rest of the series.4. The graphics did not quite withstand the test of time, but you shouldnt go into this game expecting anything like that. They were awesome for 2007 as far as Im concerned, and hopefully you can look past those kinds of vain things to appreciate what lies beneath the surface. Theyre not terrible or anything, but lacking by todays standards... although, again, dont know why you would bother with such unfair comparison.tldr is if it is compatable with your PC, buy it. More than likely, your computer will be too good to play the game. Of course, if you dont mind dealing with occasional glitches and bugs, most of which are humorous but might detract from the immersion, go for it anyway. Your call. The story is fantastic, and you should definitely pick it up if you want to play and understand the following installments. Worth the money with plenty of content and mild replayability, and a definite gem of 2007 despite its repetitious nature.