The game that started a franchise with various sequels, many of which I havent even played and probably will never get round to. I admit, its silly to judge a game without playing it properly but from what I observed, it seems the cashgrabbing sequelpopping has made Ubisoft forget what made AC1 great in the first place. A stunning game on all accounts, with a few irritating flaws.PositiveThe games story establishes the whole Assassins Universe, with you playing as Desmond Miles a presentday prisoner of a modernday Templar Organisation forced into the Animus machine that recounts memories of his ancestor, Altair, in order to uncover the location of a certain artefact. Altair is part of an Oriental Assassin Brotherhood, focused on fighting corruption amidst the chaotic time that is the Crusades, but having broken the Brotherhoods tenents he must undergo various missions to redeem himself. Most of the game focuses within the Animus as you step into the role of Altair. Both storylines, merging into one are quite interesting. A lot of material is covered, ranging from real historical figures and events during that Dark Age to certain fictional twists relating to the ancestors experience. Despite a lot of content it still leaves just enough open questions for the inevitably released sequel Assassins Creed 2.All the real action takes place within the memory machine as the assassin. Altair, despite being a useless swimmer, is a Talented Swordsman and Parkour Master who can climb anywhere and jump meters down into haystacks. Combat is very entertaining, particularly as you witness gallons of blood ooze as Altair performs brutal counterattacks from both small and large blades. Could this gameplay be any cooler? Only if you incorporate it within a massive sandbox world! The developers clearly worked hard to craft the landscapes. Whether youre roaming Damascus and Jerusalem, or riding the horse around the cliffs and country there is plenty to explore and breathtaking views to admire.Theres nothing to complain about regarding graphics and even sound. Whether its the voiceacting, effects, or music all are done well. The soundtrack consits of a wide range of styles, combining Middle Eastern ethnic sounds with electronic harmonies. Nolan North sounds like Nolan North as usual, but he still gives enough expression and emotion that makes it easy enough to feel for Desmond. Altair on the other hand, despite having a good voice often sounds very flat and rather odd that this Semitic person speaks with an American accent when no other Medieval character does even the Crusaders. Nonetheless, this is passable when you take into account all other qualities.ConsAs everyone stated, this game can get quite repetitive. Main missions have very similar structures, with the only difference being the kind of cutscenes that play before you attempt to assassinate your target. Although the Directors Cut addition does include some extra side missions and the choice of when and which to do, it still doesnt feel varied enough. Fortunately the repetitiveness is something that was fixed in AC2, but for those that are really turned off by it well... AC1 is full of it.Theres another flaw that doesnt get mentioned much, and thats the tedious unskippable dialogue sequences. During the first playthrough I dont mind them for storyrelated purposes, but once youve completed the game and want to replay, almost every level starts with a boring cutscene before you can get into the gameplay. IMO, this is an even worse problem than the repetitive missions because at least those didnt stop the game from being fun. Its a shame because had those dialogue scenes been skippable on replay I would be much more forgiving but alas, is the reason why I add quite a few drops to my score.ConclusionEveryones talked about this game, and of course they did. The game was very new for its time and had a big influence not just on sequels, but on other VG titles to incorporate aspects of sandbox and thirdperson exploration. AC1 still does it better than a lot of those games. Theres a great story to tell here, and great gameplay to experience. But I wont blame you if youre put off from replaying the missions due to unskippable cutscenes once you finish the main story.80/100