Assassins Creed is a great game to play, no doubt about it. It also has amazing graphics for its time and age which is a really great thing. In this review Im going to be letting you know about the good and the bad for this game, although its generally good and I would highly reccomend.Something that I thought was great about this game is that it wasnt one of them horrible console to PC ports with horrible controls. It worked absolutely fine, and though I havent, Im sure it would also work great with a controller. Now, that aside, the general controls for the game were... lets say interesting. This is not because of it being a port, but part of the storyline. Basically you complete the levels in the Anamus and are reliving your ancestors memories. You have to be completely in sync with what they did, therefore as you are playing through their memories, the controls are a bit weird. For instance, you cant simply press the space bar to jump, you need to press W, the right mouse button and then the SPACE bar. There are many other examples aside from that too.The storyline for this game is absolutely amazing. You start of as a reckless assassin, ignoring the clear rules of the assassin code, therefore having your rank stripped of you. To regain your rank, the assassin leader, Al Mualim, requests for you to kill 9 corrupt leaders in different cities. Around the cities you learn more evidence about whatever plot or plan the leaders are planning, eventually you kill the leaders ect. The end of the game has a very dark twist, and Im not going to tell you, because that would be spoilers but if you play the game with no knowledge of it, such as I did, it will be quite a shock. The game also has quite a good storyline outside of the Anamus, as you have been kidnapped by modern day Templars who are using your ancestors memories to locate the other Apple of Edens scattered across the world.The gameplay for this game was generally good, but it could get quite clonky at times when trying to face more than 10 other enemies at a time especially if they are templars or highly suspicious guards. The game was also pretty repetitive as every time you entered a city you have to complete 3 investigations, such as earsdropping, stealing, interrigation and more. When finally facing the target things become less repetitive as each target has something different up their sleave leaving things to get more and more difficult.Overall I really enjoyed this game and would highly reccomend it. I would rate this game an 8/10.