Assassins Creed came out in 2007 and here I am 7 years later playing this game for the first time.I must say that I have purchased it during the sale but I can tell you right now that its worth the full price. Not to mention its only like 10 anyway!So whats so fun about it you might ask. Let me tell you. After you finally start running around and killing the enemies the game becomes fun! I have once spent 80 the mission just hunting the guards and doing all the other random things. For me, the selling part of this game is running around and jumping on the rooftops.Controls. I understand that this game was ported from a console so controls for PC only users will be funny. I didnt not try to reset them because they are still well put. But, its not your normal WASD  ctrl and space. You will just have to get used to that.While playing this game you dont often notice the sound effects and the music, but I can tell that it plays its part in delivering the whole picture very well. Its nothing impressive, but what is important that it does not spoil the experience and only enchants it. Although I have not tried, but I can see myself actually playing some other music while running around the city.The very first time I ran this game was actually in 2007. The computer I was running it on couldnt even handle it. That is partially the reason why I only came back to the game now. At the time of release the graphics very amazing. The foggy city environment impressed me in particular. The models of characters are very well made as well, buildings are quite detailed. Nothing really to complain about as 7 years later it still looks good.You might say, what an unfair review, where are the negative things? Well they are here as per any game. For example I dont quite like how character moves sometimes and how he cant do certain jumps and things. But its all negligible I think. Oh, and once I flew from my horse really high. The worst thing is that it only saves your game when you have completed something which can be quite an annoyance.The story is not all there is to do. You can actually explore the cities to find some random flags. I am not too sure what they going to give you at the end, but theres quite a number of them to be found and  they also might be in places where you wont be able to reach from the first time. So a few more challenges. Oh and I almost forgot to mention the Templars. They are very hard to deal with, but there are always ways to abuse the system find out for yourself.Replayability is low in my opinion, because once you finish this game you can get the next one and then the next one and so on. You will be playing the same game but with the different filling inside.So in overall, I think the developers made a externally good game which evolved into a big sequence of games. I would recommend this game to pretty much anybody. 