I usually end up sitting on the fence when it comes to Ubisoft games, so I postponed getting intoseries for a long while. According to my experience, Ubisoft comes up with great looking games with nice storylines, yet they mostly suck at immersion and gameplay. This first game of the series is classic Ubisoft for me I kept picking up, enjoying visuals, playing it for a while, getting bored of the repetitive gameplay and leaving it incomplete for a while... then the vicious cycle began all over again. Today though, Ive managed to finish the game, and fresh out of completing it, Im writing this review.Its year 2012  future, considering the game was out at 2007  and we play as a bartender named Desmond Miles as our adventure starts. Desmond is kidnapped by the Abstergo Industries  worlds largest pharmaceutical company. Unbeknownst to civilian populace, Abstergo is run by a secret organization working full on various conspiracies, and Desmond is to play an important part in one of their plans. Apparently, one of our ancestors, Altair IbnLaAhad was an assassin of renown and a part of a rival ancient organization. Abstergo currently possesses a curious device called Animus which allows someone to reach into a collective memory pool shared by all ancestors. Namely, we can relive the days and actions of our ancestor... In Desmonds case, many centuries into past, when the Third Crusade hit Middle East hard in year 1189. As we live through Altairs days and revelations, bigwigs of Abstergo search for a specific piece of memory buried within our unconscious... which will allow them to seize great power in current time.This game, is one of the greatest examples of frame tale storytelling that Ive seen in gaming world a story within a story. Shifts between Desmonds and Altairs realities, and their separate plotlines are really handled well, and you keep wondering about them both. It is obvious that both mysteries, even centuries apart, are closely tied and youll be quick to realize that the war between Templars and Assassins started in ancient days didnt quite come into an end, even today.Story wise  which concerns me the most  the game is perfection. Characters are interesting, with elaborate motives and distinct natures. When it comes to historical conspiracy theories, Im not sure that Ive seen a better one. Actual historical figures, repurposed and reinterpreted into both protagonistic and antagonistic standpoints at the same time! Now that is a grand feat when it comes to be used as a literary device. It really is hard to define any faction as either vile or altruistic. There solely is a difference in between how they handle affairs. Dialogues between parties, adorned with philosophical and ontological discussions are not only interesting, but they portray personality features for everyone involved.Graphics are the utmost best for their time, with magnificent environment designs of Masyaf, Acre, Damascus and Jerusalem. Middle East of Middle Ages is really envisioned wondrously fitting. There are some lore mistakes  like the use of language, or some flags or factions being inappropriate for the timeline, but that part is covered with a semiscientific explanation in the storyline anyhow. My only protest may be that the gray/yellow landscape of the region is a bit depressing to continuously go through, but there is not much to do about that.Well... aside incredible graphics that display it, the game world  supposedly an open world isnt that interesting sadly. One really shouldnt play this game as an open world anyhow, cause there really isnt much to do aside completing the main quest and admiring the view while doing so. Sure there are collectibles all around, but it really is tiresome, boring and meaningless a chore to go through all, and Im saying this as a completionist! It bears no motive and the gameplay itself never changes. For nearly the all of the game, youll go to a city, climb on some towers to modify your map, complete similar kind of boring investigation missions and kill a boss. Voila! Youve completed another chapter, and that is why Ive kept leaving the game unfinished all the time. Even though, you really admire the view and got curious about the story, going through the same motions over and over again becomes too much of a chore, and that kills the enjoyment. I do remember the hype aboutwhen it first came to be, promising an open world, great stealth kill missions and wondrous parkour missions. Yeah, it sure has great parkour missions, some hardy stealth kills and an open world... but that world isnt as surprising or interesting enough for you to keep discovering. I strongly advice for you to stick to the main scenario, at least for this first game.Controls and combat... now thats a problematic subject. Sure there are many creative ways for Altair to climb, run, jump around and slay his enemies but it all boils down to being  again  repetitive. Key combinations are not that hard, but controls themselves are really laggy. Sometimes you get stuck in combat while you should be running halfway through the city, and some other time you are more than sure you shouldve blocked that attack... but its too late. It is more than obvious that the game is intended for console rather than PC. Maybe it would be less of a challenge with a controller. I wouldnt know.Its year 2017  and this game well may be considered a classic at this point, both for the concept itself and its trial for an open world in an action adventure with stealth elements. It is a great crossgenres hybrid. If you are patient enough to endure the limited color palette and repetitive missions, you will witness the start of a really intriguing story. Enjoy.Please also check out Lady Storytellers Curator page follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!