I have issues when it comes to games, I feel like I need to play through entire series to get the storyline even if people say the original ones suck.Everyone told me that the original assassins creed was one of those games, just to avoid it and move onto 2 but I couldnt do it.. I had to play it.Its a really pretty game, even by current 2014 standards.. but aside from that theres not much else in the way of redeeming features. Youll be doing a couple of things in this game, running around exploring, fighting and doing side quests.All the side quests are the same, theres a million save a citizen quests that just involve fighting some guards and then getting one of three canned replies from the person you rescued.. theres no variation in conversation.. by the end of the game youll have heard a million other people say the same lines whenever you start to climb anything or knock anything over.Climbing / freerunning is the other big thing, but it feels a bit gimmicky in the game, theres very little reason to use it other than the game forcing you to use it to explore areas by getting to vantage points.By the end of the game I was using it for that purpose and just to get places quite far away quickly, everything else was easier to just stay on the ground in my opinion.Combat itself isnt fluid and locks away most of your combat moves until you progress the game, which makes combat start out clumsy and boring and ends up the same way as every combat move you get is defensive in nature, the entire combat system boils down to defending and counterattacking.. theres never any storming in and killing everyone like a badass.. theres storming and and defending yourself until everyone dies which just does not have the same feeling at all.Even the ending just really truly sucks, I dont want to put up any spoilers but its one of the most dissapointing experiences Ive had finishing a game.The entire game is repititous and feels extremely grindy, by the end I was putting it on for an hour and then turning it off because it just felt like work.. unless you have the same issue as me and need to see the game yourself for the storyline before moving onto the next, then honestly skip this game. Its not awful, but its absolutely not fun.