Ok. So I was postponing playing this game for a looong time now bcause, you know  ubisoft. Plus I tend not to play highly hyped games right away, unless they are titled Mortal Kombat. And I have to say this game is lovely regardless few glitches here and there.Pros Action takes place in early middle ages crusaders in middle east. Personally one of my favourite chapters in history. Climate. Impressive, large cities. Architecture is amazing, brings up the spirit of the times. Music adds gracefully to this. Its a climbing simulator. It has find the flag minigame. It has story line! dont get me wrong. If AC was only climbing simulator with find the flags minigame it would be joy enough. Story is pretty interesting although not earth shaking. I like the feeling of ambiguity that Altairs last chats with his victims bring in. You can try to play stealth if you wish. Action oriented. Assassinations are pretty flashy and possible interactions with so many objects in the game can cause interesting twists. I.e  scored one templar kill by accident was being chased, attracted attention of some templar I hadnt even noticed. He fell down the roof leaving me happy, although somewhat puzzled. Antagonist and Protagonists they are interesting in design. They dont feel cliche. Open ending.Cons Weird one time glitches  Damascus contacts face started to melt down while we were chatting. Altair froze mid jump from horse back, and memory had to be reloaded. Sometimes game breaking bug may happen dead body carefully put on the ground might twitch and fell of the roof, causing havoc on the streets. Dead bodies can even jump high to the sky, before they fall. Pretty creepy. Repetitive  people who might not enjoy flags finding as much as I do can find this game repetitive. In each city there are flags, and subquests view points, rescue civilians, some informer missions that are either the same or very similar informer missions may slightly very. Out of 3 major cities, Damascus and Jerusalem feel the same except one has yellow and the other green filter on. Travelling to Acre I could feel that this conquered by crusaders city is different and had its own westernlike touch to it. Fighting mechanics is simplified and a bit clumsy, especially when you face a lot of enemies. You will not exit this game easy on PC...In general though game is fun to play. And I think I do understand now, how this title is so popular. Its just joyful climbing simulator reskinned packed with action moments. 