A long time ago this is a game I wouldve recommended to nearly everyone because of what it was at its time of release. Unfortunately, this legendary game, which spawned a huge franchise, has not stood the test of time and barely gets a pass from me now. The only reason this game gets a yes from me is because its part of a series which has significantly better titles, and if youre interested in this series at all, I think you have to play the game that started at all. I assume it goes without saying that you should absolutely not buy this game unless its on a big sale 50 or more.The great qualities of this game are Wonderful setting and scenery. I personally think the game still looks quite nice! Some may disagree, but for its time the game was pretty and still looks good now. Another plus is the games atmosphere and story are very cool. Assassins Creed, AC2, and a few other titles in the series take a fun creative approach to history and I very much enjoyed the storytelling.That being said, unfortunately this game has a few major downsides which nearly made me hit no.1 There are many issues with this game on current PCs. It took me numerous tries to get the game to not crash during the animus tutorial stage. Which brings me to 2...2 Unskippable cutscenes AND NO SUBTITLES. These are one of my biggest gaming pet peeves and man do I hate them. This game is a big, big time culprit of unskippable cutscenes and MAJORLY hurts the replay value of this game. Youll notice I only have enough to complete the game and do some collectibles.3 The movement and gameplay dont feel as smooth as they used to. Perhaps this negative is not as major as the first two negatives. The game still feels alright and the movement is good as well as the combat, but in comparison to the innovations made in AC2 and beyond, this game feels stale and the combat/movement feels slow and jagged. If youve played AC2 and are coming back to play the original, you will be very frustrated with Altairs handling.5 The assassination setups are cut and dry. At the time of this games release, the game was so much fun many of us didnt care about the repetitiveness of the information gathering part of the game. Unfortunately, especially since weve seen far better, this really hurts the games enjoyment if you ask me. You either pickpocket a message, harass a guy, or listen in on a conversation and thats about it for the preparation missions. Theyre boring and frustrating.6 And speaking of repetitiveness, the collectibles are really, really boring. Theres not really anything interesting about getting all the flags and kiling all the templars. These serve only as timesinks for the completionists.7 Ubisoft and UPlay, stab me plz with a blunt object.All things considered, I think you should play this game. Its the first title in a legendary series of games, and was a well puttogether game for its time. The story is interesting, the assassinations are fun, and the storytelling is wonderful not to mention pretty damn good voice acting, which seems to be REALLY lacking in big titles these days.Just be aware that the game has not stood the test of time as well as some others, and some things will be frustrating.