Assassins Creed was a landmark title for the 7th gen consoles. Alongside games like Grand Theft Auto 4, Mass Effect and Mirrors Edge, greatly shook up conventions in what action adventure games could really be. It innovated heavily in terms of technology, rendering highly detailed environments with dozens of npcs on the screen at any one time. And featured things we hadnt really seen before, like crowd dynamics where NPCs react differently based on how quickly you move near them. The 7th generation of consoles was like Santas workshop for developers and we were all eager to see what was under the Christmas tree.Naturally the original Assassins Creed is very overlooked today. The historical context of the title is long forgotten and it is considered very bare compared to its sequels. What remains is a very interesting relic of a different era, both in it subject matter and its gameplay.You play as Altair, an assassin of the Levantine order during the third crusade. He is given the names of 9 targets, and upon killing them will redeem his name during a botched mission you observe during the prologue. Altair is noticeably less charismatic than the later main characters in the series and the plot is noticeably more low key. I will say its to this games benefit if you are interested in the history of the time period. The game is steeped in atmosphere and the plot, while fairly goofy does keep your attention if youre invested in it. If you are fascinated by this period of history it is a very enjoyable experience all around but if youre interested in it more as an aesthetic it probably will not keep your attention.In terms of gameplay Assassins Creed 1 is the most bare in the series. Side missions are more mandatory and repetitive, constituting the same mission types over and over. Thankfully the PC version does switch things around with adding additional missions that involve races across rooftops and a few others that break up the tedium here and there. Combat is also noticeably less fluid than later games, relying much more on visually watching enemy animations to know when to counter and when to dodge. Its one of those things that you eventually get used to but if youve already played the sequel youll find this somewhat jarring.At the same time this is a game steeped in personality and is significantly more nuanced than later titles, which swerved more into high fantasy and high camp. If youre a history buff or interested more in the historical context of the title I do recommend this game. But if youre more interested in just another open world action game Id direct you to look into getting the sequel instead.