You can explain Assassins Creed in one word and that word is Perfect I have never seen a character move around so smoothly in a game as in this game. The most realistic animations possible. Running, climbing walls, horse riding, fighting, jumping, it all looks amazingly good. The game is primarily taking place in middle east during the 12 century and the environment looks vey beautiful and has very nice graphics with nice screen effects such as when you take damage, when you fast travel e.t.c. Its a detailed game with high quality in graphics and gameplay. The fighting in the game is unique and is the most successful part of this game. The specific time click with the mouse makes it very fun and rewarding. Click at the right moment and see the awesome animations when you slay your enemy to the ground. You feel so very cool and powerful in the game when everybody has respect of you, they are begging for their life and are screaming in fear and pain when you slay the enemies. They will flee from you and the people around you will be screaming in panic. Its as awesome as it can be. The enemies are cocky and will mock you and its so great to show them who the real boss is. Highly addictive and fun. It works so well with the automatic climbing and running system in the game so its fun just to run around. The story is very good and smart. You are already a master assassin but you have been downgraded to the lowest rank in your clan,so you have to start over from the basics. And its in the basics we want to start right? And by the time you do good things for the clan youll get more and more of your gears back and you get to use your assassin skills again. Its way better compared to assassins creed 2 when you are a complete noob that becomes a super assassin by touching his fathers clothes. So, utterly dumb. The main quests, or goals in the game is basically assassinations of important people. But to do that you need to gather information about them, so you do some different things to get this information. You beat people up, spy on people, pick peoples pockets, and more. Its mostly all of the same but the open environment makes the game far from linear. Every time you play the game again you can always try different tactics in different ways. The sound is perfect. The sword battles and crushing bones and slashing makes the combat more powerful. All the people around you are talking about what youre doing, they notice if you are climbing, hitting in to people, if you are drawing your weapon, leaving dead bodies behind e.t.c. Its a realistic feeling and you feel that whatever you do in the game matters. The voice acting is good. I dont remember the music so i cant tell. I turn of the music when i play a game for a more realistic feeling but thats just me.To conclusion. This game is one of the best games i have played. I like games with high quality and this game fits my likings perfectly! 