Assassins Creed surprised me, being better than I expected it to be. The story focuses on an assassin named Altair who, after breaking the creeds rules, has to regain the trust  respect of his fellow assassins by taking out various targets, each with a different reason to be killed. As the game goes on, taking out targets gives Altair access to new  more powerful equipment, helping him be more effective in different situations.The world presented in AC is very detailed and there are lots of little things to be noticed if you pay attention. For example, sometimes if a beggar is harassing you and you try to get away by climbing a building, they will pick up a rock and throw it at you to knock you off. Little things like this make the game feel much more alive.The combat is good for the most part, feeling pretty responsive. You can counter attacks made by enemies, though sometimes it can be hard to time it right, resulting in you getting hit when you feel like you shouldnt have. If you become wanted and need to escape the guards, it can also be a little frustrating at times, since they seem to be just as agile and skilled at free running as you are.The graphics are good, especially when you consider this game is 10 years old. There are some annoying colour filters throughout most of the game think the blue filter in Battlefield 3, only different colours for different locations, but this can be overlooked. The game doesnt seem to have a full screen option, which is really odd. Though this can be resolved by using ALT  ENTER on your keyboard. There were also several occasions where the game crashed, one of which was at a really inconvenient time for me. I would imagine this is because the game is a bit old now, and Windows 10  might not get along with it too well.Overall I was very satisfied with AC, and look forward to playing the second one. At 8 I would say its already worth it, but on a sale its definitely worth purchasing if you enjoy stealth and/or combat/action games!7.5/10 