AC ReviewWow! It took me a long time to finally get into the AC franchise, but Im very pleased that I did.Basic info on equipment HP Pavilion dv66123cl entertainment notebook. Processor AMD A63400M APU w/Radeon HD Graphics 1.40 GHz. Installed RAM of 6 GB. 64Bit Windows 10 OS. Wired external mouse and keyboard. No additional equipment used or upgrades made to computer.Gameplay  Controls 5/10 Definitely the most challenging aspect of this game, many times to the point of being tedious and irritating because you end up repeating some tasks multiple times before succeeding. Another reviewer mentioned something about yelling and/or pounding on the table because of frustration with the controls. That may have happened more than once with me as well... This was partly due to the fact that I was playing this on a PC and the controls really dont translate well from console to PC. It was exceedingly difficult to coordinate some of the movements, especially during combat scenarios and when you were sprinting. To say that I sprinted into walls a few times while trying to turn sharp corners would be an understatement. This was the only factor, in my opinion, that made the game unpleasant to play. If I tried it with an XBox 360 controller or something similar installed, it might have made a big difference.Graphics 9/10  Holy mackerel! For the year in which this game was released, I was totally blown away by the quality of the graphics. Given that it was released only two years after Elder Scrolls Oblivion, I was expecting graphics only slightly better than that game, but not even Skyrim  which came out four years after AC  is this realistic or amazing and I happen to really love Skyrim, so thats saying something. Huge positive factor for this game, as it really makes you feel immersed in the world. Side note For the horselovers out there like me youre going to want to spend as much time in one section of the game as possible because you get to ride some of the most realistic ingame horses Ive ever seen. Did I mention Skyrim? Yeah. It doesnt hold a candle to AC in terms of the horses.Storyline 7/10  While the story within the game is fascinating and entertaining, its also not terribly accurate in some ways. If youre not at all concerned with that sort of thing, then this rating means nothing, but for those of us who appreciate history, it can be frustrating to see otherwise excellent games not get something right or deliberately alter important events just to suit the story. And honestly, the Templars are a rather misunderstood group, and it was dismaying to see them so badly maligned in this game. They really dont deserve it. Side note Christians, be aware that this game holds morality to be a thing relative to the person. Of course, if youre okay with playing a game like this in the first place, then this aspect of the game shouldnt really surprise or bother you. There are characters who deliberately state that certain things we hold sacred and true are nothing more than illusions or lies. Just be prepared for that when you play and remember that you dont have to buy into everything the game says in order to enjoy it. Its just a form of dynamic storytelling.Overall Rating 7/10  I found this game to be tremendously enjoyable to play, especially once I started to get the hang of the otherwise frustrating controls. Said controls remained difficult enough that they distracted a bit from the game, but the amazing graphics and engrossing ingame story balanced it out so much that I would play it again in a heartbeat and am looking forward to continuing in the franchise.Oh, and the only other complaint I have  a minor one at that  is the fact that you have to travel through about five or six different game screens before you can exit. Tedious, I tell you!