is an excellent HistoricScience Fiction Action/Adventure Game mainly inspired by the novel Alamut written by Vladimir Bartol way back in 1938. The Game introduced many brilliant concepts and a totally different mindblowing plot which is very well connected from past to the present and you can devise many theories based on it. It was turned down by many people because it lacked variety and yes it did. Im gonna list out the positive points between this game and its successors and also the reason why I think its still an awesome game of the franchise. It had a special charm that none of its successors had and will ever have.The Game is simple and doesnt involve customisation or anything and doesnt feature money,etc to buy stuff and stays true in assassinating your targets. Whereas the other games got deviated into buying stuff and oh god the renovation business started.Had some great concepts such as synchronisation for example, its not actually health but how close you Desmond could faithfully recreate the actions of ancestor, like if you carelessly fell off from a building or punched some civvy, etc. you lose the synchronisation, because the ancestor didnt do such thing in his life and was careful. It will regain over time and become stable when it is lost.Where as in other games you have health and armor and the way to replenish it is to drink some health tonic. Death in all these games is actually just a bad syncup where you replayed the ancestors memory event so bad that you lost touch with the original ones completely, so the Animus reinitialises back to the point where it made sense before you screwed it up entirely.So basically Ezio, etc. actually dies when you run out of it. Checkpoint restart is just a game mechanic. You can say that the Animus is still reinitialising the scene, but you died from lack of health, not loss of synchronization, So the Synchronisation no longer makes sense, so technically it was very well implemented and made some real actual sense in this game. And there are some other concepts which were not only solid and made sense but also gave a definite depth to the game.It has darker and gritty atmosphere with well suited background scores as you scour for information about the target in various ways which gives you this Assassin feeling. While the other games had peaceful and relaxing score not stating that theyre bad but this one had better and showed how dark and unsafe the world is and was perfect for its MiddleEastern setting.The Chase Theme Access the Animus as per OST of this game is just goddamn EPIC.You are not a bloodthirsty berserker, nor an invincible warrior cutting through waves of guards  you are a blade in a crowd, someone, who doesnt exist...until the blade has pierced your targets throat. As the bells echo throughout the city and the guards draw their swords against you, you realize it is time to run...run and become no one once more.The one thing that the original Assassins Creed did better than ALL other sequels everything up to Syndicate is making you realize when its time to run.SourceCheck the comment sectionThe dialogues are surprisingly deep and interesting, only downside to it was it didnt feature any subtitles and sometimes cannot make out what they are saying because they sometime speak foreign language and wont speak simple english at all.Unlike other games where you scale a building like spidey, it is slow paced and that is great because it is realistic, but oh well people are just too impatient.Every assassin in the order abide by the three tenets of the creed as in the games title. In other games there is no mentioning of the creed and completely lost the meaning of the games title itself and became a milking title instead.Plot wise, the game is very short without considering the repetition but its really well made and it is just the beginning of the story as it throws you at a cliffhanger at the end. The Visuals are pretty neat too. It was so demanding back then in its time of release and even after all these years, it still really looks good. 