So this is where it all began, the first AC...Please keep in mind that this game now is almost 10 years old, and it is showing its age. So if you have played more recent ACs and want to check out the very first one, be prepared for some major differences.However, the game still looks nice... its colorful, the animations still look cool and its still fun to run around in Damasc, Accra and Jerusalem.Some differences though The parcouring/freerunning works quite well, but its pretty...clunky compared to that in, say, Unity or Syndicate. So accidents will happen, you will experience some misjumps and will prolly fall a couple of times. Still, it can be quite fun. The combat system is a bit spammy. Mostly, you hit x to strike and, while holding the blockbutton shoulder button on a controller, hit x as well to block and counterstrike.At first, combat is rough, but with each sequence, you learn more abilities or get them back, so you can fight more efficiently, and a counterstrike will often result in oneshotting a mob. You have your sword, throwing knifes which you can fight with, your fists and the hidden blade which you cant fight with really, its only used for stabbing people who are unaware, thats it... no smoke bombs, rope darts, guns, bows, xbows etc. Its limited, but that does not bother me much. The cinematics/conversations are rather long, and can not be skipped. However, if you play this for the very first time, thats ok, as its interesting to listen and learn about the story and background. There are some bugs and glitches... occasionally, youll die when you hit a haystack, which of course is a bug. The sequences are a bit repetitive... climb towers to find activities, do those to gather information on your target, report to your fellow assassin at the bureau, then head for the assassination of the target. Its like that until the end of the game. There is some side activity, but not as much as in recent games. No money, no purchasing of gear upgrades etc.The game is showing its age, and of course, AC II later hit the ball out of the park, BUTI still think that, if you like the franchise, you should play this first one at least once to see the start of the series. Its not all that long, and I think its still a fun game with a lot of atmosphere and a wonderful soundtrack by Jesper Kyd.And to be frank, I enjoyed replaying this much more than the most recent, IMO horrible Syndicate, and even the very spammy combat in AC I is better than the one in that new game.So... check it out. Its old, has quite a few flaws and is missing a lot of the things more modern ACs had, but its a great start to the series. I REALLY REALLY recommend to use a controller though! I played all of them with a controller, but especially for this one, I dont think youll get much out of it if you try to play it with kbm.7.5/10 