I normally dont write reviews for such high profile titles since people generally know what theyre getting into already, but Im making an exception for this because it seems to split opinion so much, and after finally playing it, I can see why.Assassins Creed is a 3rdperson, openworld, parkourbased sneak em up with Arkham style combat, Prince of Persia style traversal and Splinter Cell style stealth try saying that 3 times real fast... as well as having lots of collectibles, diving into bails of hay and punching poor people in the face. Yay! You play Desmond Miles, a man with two first names pretending to be a last name. Oh, and hes also a former assassin apparently, it never really elaborates on that beyond the initial introduction whos forced to explore the memories of his ancestor, Altair, during the crusades of the late 12th century. This is done through a device called the Animus which probes and records genetic memories, the knowledge passed down through a persons entire lineage via their genes and allows them to live out those moments in their mind as if they were their own experiences... Yeah, just go along with it, coz thats more or less what the game asks you to do since thats as much as it bothers trying to explain it. Altair is a member of the Assassin Brotherhood, and after failing a mission and breaking the three main rules of the Brotherhood dont kill in daylight, never get water on your target, and never feed them after midnight, is demoted and sent on a series of assassinations to restore his name and rank, but along the way discovers there is something much bigger at work connecting all his targets. Dundunduuuuun! But this is where my first problem with the game crops up.The story just didnt grab me at all. Its incredibly hamfisted in what its trying to do, and rather than find it interesting or pushing me forward, it felt like it got in the way of the gameplay, and if anything, maybe even held it back. Had it been done without all the halfssed science fiction elements and instead remained tied to its time and setting it would have been a perfectly enjoyable story about the hidden histories that shaped the world and the shadowy organisations behind them. What were given instead just feels too underdeveloped to truly care about in the end, much like the main characters, in fact. Desmond/Altair doesnt really have much range or depth, having about as much personality as a balloon with a serious face drawn on it, and at times comes dangerously close to being unlikable. And whats especially infuriating about them is how nosensical their choices seem or how nochalant they are about their situations, making it difficult for us to care about them. The voice acting is largely passable, but still very much of the oldschool gaming mentality of sounding like a Saturday morning kids show where half the characters sound like theyre reading from a script and throwing subtly out the window rather than feeling like real people having real conversations. Any sense of naturalistic interaction is lost completely and only adds to the difficulty of being able to invest in the story or its figures, which is all the harder to bear given how much they focus on them being a thing you should care about. In fact, having come fresh off of finishing Portal 2 and hearing all the amazing voice work in that, its made even more apparent just how mediocre it is here. But all that could be forgiven and forgotten, because what really matters is the gameplay, right? Well, actually... thats where the next problem comes.The structure is fairly straightforward. Theres three main cities in the game connected by a large hub area, each city having three districts which are gradually unlocked one by one, and each district having a main target for you to eventually kill. You run around a district completing objectives which give you information on your target before having enough to finally do the deed itself. Objectives range from eavesdropping on conversations, interrogating enemy cohorts, saving citizens from vicious beatings, assassinating smaller targets, or several other tasks of little consequence. Unfortunately, though, thats pretty much the entire game right there. Youll go to one district, do all the objectives, complete the mission, then move on to the next one all excited to see what other fun and creative tasks youll be given, only to find you have to repeat almost exactly the same events all over again. And thats the cycle the game repeats from start to finish. Once youve played the first district youve essentially played them all. Theres nothing fundamentally wrong about the gameplay at its core, I just wish theyd given me something more to do over the 20 hours I put into it. Sure, theres collectibles scattered everywhere in the form of flags... hundreds and hundreds of flags... but theres no real point to hunting them down. Theres nothing awarded for finding them all, and beyond acting as intermediary save points they may as well not be there. Maybe if they hadve unlocked files for real world information about the locations or the historical figures or the crusades themselves then they would have made for some compelling artifacts, but nah, nothing.Its main saving grace, though, are the View Points, buildings that can be climbed to uncover the map of the immediate area and locations of objectives. Monkeying your way up a structure then diving back down to street level can be fun sometimes, but largely its the chance to take in the cities as a whole that impresses most, and they really are impressive. Thats really the star of the game, in fact. The sheer scale of each city and the huge crowds that fill it along with the meticulous detail everywhere is clearly where a lot of work and love went here. The surface of almost every wall has something climbable if you look for it, and a vast array of beams and poles and scaffolding connects the buildings at every turn. I never tried it, but I wouldnt be surprised if you could make your way across the rooftops from one end of a city all the way to the other without your feet ever touching the ground of the streets and having to interact with all the filthy plebs below. I dont envy the people whose job it was to check that every structure was spaced correctly and that movement could be maintained as fluidly and enjoyably as it is. So I really have to take my hood off to them for that achievement.But while movement is a joy and tends to work just fine the majority of the time, combat is a whole other matter. The game really owes a lot to Prince of Persia, from the way it looks and feels, to even the majority of the animations which appear to be almost identical, but the mechanic I wish theyd abandoned from it is the combat. It was fine in small doses in PoP, but theres too much of it here that largely feels clunky and boring, with a fairly small weapon and move set, and little or no variety in enemy types beyond a palette swap or doing and taking more damage. Maybe if some enemies were in armour that gradually had to be stripped away, or some were on horseback or had other types of weapons that brought their own unique challenges it wouldnt have been so bad. Sure, theres always the option to run and hide, but even that can be tedious at times, given how often youll have to engage with enemies.Overall, while its not a bad game, with plenty of enjoyment to be had, its just one that holds so much potential, yet, sadly falls short far too often. Had it been given another 612 months development time Im sure it could have been a classic for the ages, but as it is, its merely a good, enjoyable stop along the road to far better titles. 