This game does not work on modern PCs.  the only option that worked for me was to run the game in DirectX 9 mode.  Luckily that .exe is offered.  And you cannot launch it from steam without renaming the DirectX9 version to the one that Steam wants to load.  I do not feel the developers should be held responsible for updating their games until the end of time, but Steam should at least display a warning.Altairs voice is some of the worst voice acting I have ever heard to date in all the games Ive ever played.  Its painful to listen to.  Most other voices are just ok.  I turn music off so no comment there.  The beggars, guards, and other people are numerous but their voices arent numerous enough, so youll hear the same recordings over and over again, though each map has different voices for the same types of people.The controls are a little awkward, and im not referring to the difficulty matching up each action to a button.  It actually plays pretty well once you understand the High Profile mode which some people have difficulty adjusting to.  The awkwardness is with the camera angles.  They get stuck a lot in tight places, where you will often find yourself in, and it causes you to stab innocent people or jump off a ledge when you dont intend to.I was hoping the fluidness and abilities would match that of the batman series, but it doesnt at all.  You cant aim the angle in which to throw a person off a ledge, forcing you to line your character up correctly, which may not be possible the way the guards move or other objects that may be in the way.  You cant pounce from a ledge to kill despite the opening sequence alluding that you can.  You also cannot hide amidst the schollars while being watched as alluded to in the opening sequence as well.  Hiding only works when youre not watched, which I feel is more real anyway.  You cant extend your hidden blade while swordfighting.  The knife throw and knife slash is the same button, so if they dodge your attack and land too far away, youll reduce your inventory of throwing knives if you keep smashing the button.  You can pickpocket for more though.  Your character is a bit limited in what it can do.Despite its age, the game holds up pretty well.  the pixellation is apparent in the scenes but the models are full and detailed.  the maps are mazelike and feel like a corridor may or may not be present while running around, and if you run down a dark alley, you may have a 50/50 chance youll hit a wall and have to fight the people youre facing.  there is plenty of zaxis also.  Youll feel like the maps are quite full.  There is duplication of architecture but it isnt noticeable that much.  the horse riding is also pretty cool and you can fight while riding, though its a little hard to hit anything.  They can knock you off your horse.the guards senses are better than the Hitman games.  Hitmans characters ability to detect you is good, but this game feels more real.  You can fist fight in front of guards without them caring, so you can get away from the drunks.I got it on sale and its about a fair price then.  Buy it to partake in the storyline or learn the controls and it will help you later in the series.  Its still a good game.