I never understood the hype about this game.And having played it for a bit now, I still dont get it.It is bad. Sooooo bad.Repetitive to the extreme. Unintuitive.Bad combat system.Boring, copypaste side missions.The main missions arent any better.Copypaste all the way through.Halfstealth aspect  if you can even call it that.Why do you play an assassin and then go out and attack every victim in plain sight of the whole damn city?Why cant you stealth kill someone, poison him maybe or murder him in his sleep? Anything would be better than what amounts to basically a full frontal attack.Why do you have to crawl between the cities? Why do the guards/knights attack you immediatly just because you let your horse galopp a bit? The journey between cities is pointless enough as it is, why do I have to do it in the slowest speed possible? To pad out the games length...Why do I have to do the exact same thing in every frickin city? Like hide with the monks and superslowly walk into the city ...Probably just to pad out the runtime of the game.The cities and the countryside are severly underused.There is no point really in exploring in this game  except if you want the achievements.And, man, getting the achievements in this game really feels like a chore something terrible like cleaning a public toilet with your tongue  it doesnt matter how fast or how slow you do it, youll still end up with a mouth full ofApparently, you can only climb up towers. You cannot climb down but must jump down into a haystack? WTF?There are so many aspects that could have been good but simply werent used well.The undecover ability apparently only lets you blend in with monks/scholars because you simply cannot chang your kickclothesThe stealth ability isnt really there. No sneaking up to someone and backstabbing them. Or really using your surroundings to attack your victim.The cities could have been really fleshed out with enterable houses alternative routes, with NPCs that actually give you actual, useful information. And  alternative ways to eliminate the targets.The parts out of VR are just tedious because your character is walking even slower, if thats even possible. And you have to crawl to certain points in the lab where you are to progress the story. Why? I havent the faintest. Well, otherwise the game wont proceed ...