I played this game years after it was released because it was part of a package deal.  For that reason its hard to give a bad review because it was so cheap, but I didnt like this game.  Assassins Creed 2 is a different story, however.Anyway, the game is very repetitive and quite short.  There is not even much in the way of achievements unless you want to collect flags but the game pretty much implies that this is a worthless endeavor.The game had good graphics for its time.  Perhaps thats what made it so popular, and also you can climb on just about everything.  This is the good part.The problem is that you are always doing the same thing.  Its always about assassinating certain people and its almost always done in the same way. Yeah, you have to maybe pickpocket, interrogate or eavesdrop on people before you get to the target but in the end you have to keep repeating these activities over and over again.This game could make you hate poor people since the beggars will swarm around you like flies until you want to murder them even though thats evil and the guards will make your life miserable if you keep doing that.  This is one of the funnier aspects of the game but after awhile it gets annoying.In the end, I felt that I was just doing the same thing over and over and over again just for slight progression in the main characters Desmonds story, and the game doesnt answer all the questions hence the many, many sequels so you dont necessarily get a good resolution.I have played other stealth games.  I enjoyed Tenchu 1 and 2 though they arent super hardcore about stealth, and Ive always thought that the Metal Gear Solid games did stealth well.  I especially loved how difficult Siren was with its stealth gameplay, but this game got too tiresome.  The stealth isnt particulary hard, like some of the games I played above, so I wouldnt even say its a challenging stealth game.  I do like the parkour elements but I just wish there had been more variety to the missions you have to perform.I didnt like this game, but then I played Assassins Creed 2 which is better in every possible way, so unless you want to be a completionist and play all the games I recommend skipping this one.