Well this game is a hot mess. Seriously, Im really not sure how the AC series took off, although Im glad it did as the later installments are much, much better in a variety of ways. This is an older game, so I guess I wont spend too much time describing things in detail, so in the words of Inigo Montoya, lets sum up.GraphicsFor its time, this game had relatively impressive graphics. The attention to detail from the water, to the glistening sun, to the  stucco on the sides of buildings, the graphics are one of its only saving graces, and Im not one to care about graphics particularly if everything else is fantastic. The only particularly awkward thing about the graphics is the unnervingly jellylike faces seriously, when theyre in the lab talking to each other? That was weeeeird.Rating 7/10 for its timeStorylineI was lost through most of the storyline. It wasnt an enjoyable story, and it seemed convoluted in a lot of ways. Its difficult to describe an AC game without giving away plot details really difficult, but if youve played any of the newer games, this one is really nothing special. It goes as predicted, and they seem to be prone to giving away things thatll probably most definitely likely happen later on theyre their own worst spoilers. So a predictable storyline with little originality, filled with why?s leaves little to the imagination. For example, youre an assassin, and youre wearing the garb of an assassin, running through cities. Guards randomly attack you for no apparent reason and call you an infidel because of your clothes? I dont know, but yet other guards just let you run on by, and NPCs that you rescue will tell the whole city of your bravery/sacrifice thanks? Im so glad everyone will know Im an assassin, except those few guards that really dont seem to care?  Honestly, there was a lot of arbitrary dialogue that didnt make much sense in relation to the character youre playing. Id say the storyline was arguably the least impressive element of the game, and the later games certainly improved the creativity, flow, and continuity tremendously.Rating 4/10GameplayOh boy, this game wasnt that fun for me at all. For starters, the controls on the PC are horrendous. The camera bugs out all the time, your character will sometimes jump in random directions with little input from you, the parkour elements arent that responsive, and... you cant swim.. Youre a great assassin, but if you touch the water, you drown. I guess if you dont want to be assassinated, just find an island somewhere and hope the assassin randomly decides to jump into the water? Problem solved! Anyways, yeah, controls are all fudged up. Activating things in the lab sometimes takes a few button presses to actually make it take, sometimes the camera spins around your head if its obstructed by something close to you. Aside from the camera and controls, the gameplay is really repetitive. You have targets to assassinate, and in between those targets in the cities, you just go around and do these sidemissions where you might escort somebody where youre always attacked, race to an informant before time runs out, collect flags on top of buildings before time runs out why?, assassinate minor targets like guards without alerting the guards sometimes maddening, especially when theyre in the middle of a giant group of people and rarely venture away, forcing you to sit and wait for them to move so you can have a chance  there are multiple targets, so if you succeed at one and alert the guards on the second one or on the way back to the informant, you fail the mission. There are pickpocketing missions, ones where you have to save citizens from a group of guards attacking them why? I guess protection money or something, I dont know  every group of citizens is always needing to be saved from guards. Sometimes the citizen saving missions bug out and the NPC disappears not dies, disappears. poof, so you have to wander away and come back and kill the kind guards again.Another problem with the gameplay is the combat. The combat is terrrrrrrible. It involves trying to time clicking the mouse with when the sword hits. Its difficult to get it right all the time and pretty much guarantees youll be parried at least once with every swing why?. Its so repetitive that you eventually get to the point where youre just clicking the button nonstop and hoping someone attacks you so you can counter them they can kill you much quicker if youre attacking than if you just stand still without attacking... I dont know. Theyll knock you down and sit there and wait for you to get up how nice of them!. Sometimes youll be fighting 10 of them at once I guess quite often, really, depending on how much of a risktaker you are. Theyll chase you if you run away, clear across the city, and you have to semihide from them until you can actually hide in the conveniently placed boxes with shades scattered around cities, or the random piles of hay everywhere. Theyll then walk right up next to the box, stop and act like they cant find you REALLY UBISOFT?, then all of a sudden run back down the side of the buildings. Its so crazy. Oh, and youll be riding through the countryside and random people will just start chasing you for no reason at all until you have 987439873498 people trying to kill you for going too fast I guess.Horrible, horrible gameplay.Rating 2/10SoundThe sounds in the game were rather detailed, except youll be hearing that swordclanging sound long after you stop playing the game. High quality, attention to detail. Music was decent and atmospheric. The only qualm I had was the absolutely atrocious voiceacting hooooboy, it was terrible.Rating 5/10Allinall, I guess Id give the game a 4/10, and really only recommend that you play it if youre wanting to see where the long almost too long Assassins Creed series began. If not, you can safely ignore this title, or if youve played it before, dont waste your money getting it on Steam. I have plenty of unplayed games in my library and Im slightly disappointed I wasted my time finishing this one, but cest la vie.