I went into this game with some moderate expectations.  I didnt expect to be blown away, but I had read many positive reviews before actually playing it.  From my understanding, this is one of the more beloved AC games, and in all honesty I cant really tell why...STORY BACKGROUNDAssassins Creed is set in a fictional history that tells the story between two opposing factions.  The Assassins and the Templars.  Both of these groups fight for peace, but their contrasting viewpoints cause them to be at odds.  The Assassins want peace through freedom, and the Templars want peace through control.  AC1 begins in the modern era with a man named Desmond, who is forced to go back in time and live out the memories of his ancestor Altair.STORY OPINIONThe game gives an acceptable introduction to the story of the Assassins Creed.  While Altair was pretty stale and devoid of character development, I was able to let this slide because his character is that of a swift and nimble killer.  The game successfully shows the player the motives of the Creed and the Templars while also providing some background lore.  Altairs story is passible.  Desmonds story on the other hand... Well, I absolutely hated it.  The concept of Abstergo is somewhat interesting, but it seems so forced and unnecessary.  Why not just make this series a lineage of the different assassins throughout history?  Why make it this complex convoluted mess that carries over to modern day?VOICE ACTINGThe voice acting in this game was pretty bad.  The only good voice actor was Peter Renaday as Al Mualim.  Everyone else sounded like they were just reading lines off the paper, in order to get their paycheck.  No emotion and terrible delivery.  Something that was truly immersion breaking was the fact that Altair had an AMERICAN accent.  It just didnt make any sense.  He should have had a middle eastern accent like the rest of the cast.GAMEPLAYThe map in this game is kind of odd.  Its this quasiopen world game with no real side activities.  The only thing you can do in the open world is collect flags and run into several enemy encampments.  The cities themselves are structured somwhat differently but they didnt feel that unique.  The combat is kind of entertaining, but the game is riddled with missions which are structured EXACTLY the same.  You go to one city, do a few quests to learn about your target and kill them.  Basically rinse and repeat for the entire game.  The end boss provided a cool, albiet predictable, twist to the narrative.  However, the fight itself was anticlimactic and disspointing.GRAPHICS/ART DESIGNBeing an older title, I thought the graphics and art design were pretty stellar.  However there are some isues.  This game has a TERRIBLE PC PORT.  Terrible texture flickering, and terrible screen tearing even with v sync and G sync yes Im aware the game probably is too old to even use the benefits of g sync but whatever.  UGH UBISOFT.SOUND DESIGN/OSTThe soundtrack fits the environments you visit, as well as the action sequences.  However, I wasnt blown away by it.  The sound design was pretty good for an older game.  The clashing of swords, and screams of the templars were quite enjoyable to listen to.VERDICTOld, outdated and bland is the best way to describe this game.  Im sure when it was originally released it was a breath of fresh air for many gamers.  Unfortunately, as of playing the game in 2017 you will be disspointed and probably bored.  Unfortunately I just cant recommend it.  At last there was no Uplay.These are not children, but men and women full grown...Altair