From the first moment you schleck somone with the hidden blade, this is mesmerising!The temptation to rampage is right up there with GTA, and I went full bloodlust! Kill too many innocents, and theres a heavy penalty, but mowing them down with a horse is free! And who can resist walking up and fixing the town preacher? Everyone who sees you murder him runs screaming, and when the guards come you dispatch them as well! And their buddies! Yeahhh, I know Im supposed to run until Ive broken your line of sight, but dude  Schleck!!!!! What line of sight? Youre dead!Ohhhh myyy. What a blast.Desmond.... who? what? Youre in the modern world, accessing ancient DNA memories of some ancestral assassin, who has lost his skills.... which you slowly get back.... so theres two distinct times n places one in mediaeval Jerusalem and surrouding areas full templars, Arabs, and European Crusaders going on, where you traverse the beauutiful cities going on killfest missions... and rampages!Then theres another world after every major assassination you wake up in the modern world. This is... amazing, full of intrigue.... the animus in which Desmond accesses his memories accounts for a bunch of game conventions instant / no time between game elements like travel or preparing for an assassination, Desmonds lack of actually being an assassin, parts of the map being inaccessible just walled off with computery effects, how dying is dealt with  memory out of synch, reloading D and the intrigue of why this is all going on.... the whole ancient / modern / ancient thing was a beautiful offset, Id never seen that in a game before and thought it was a wonderful element.In the modern world a much smaller story plays out.... a story which.... sucks! After all that gorgeousness and intrigue, you get no satisfactory ending, which puts a downer on the games conclusion.This gives a strange effect. This game is aaaabsolutely amazing.... and yet... sooomething.... doenst sit right by the end. Its as if you get used to how awesome it is. You get spoiled while playing it.As well, around the second to last assassination, things are becoming a liiiiiiidle samey.... schlecking people is still satisfying, but you do have to run away from increasingly big armies of guards, who are increasingly skilled Back in chapter 1 you announced yourself at the gates of Jerusalem by slaughtering the guards, and walked in like you owned the place. Try that in ch 5! Dammit, the game forces you to play it the way its supposed to be played Gameplay goes like this get the mission, be given a new skill, train in the skill if you want, go out to the world. The guy at the Assassins Beareau gives you a bunch of leads..... you go out, climb to high points, and get the map cleared around said high points to reveal side missions brawls with the guards  as well as the locations of your informants.... who will be little games like, pickpocket someone, race across the rooftops to a given location in a certain amount of time, kill x many people without drawing attention in just a few minutes, eavesdrop, beat info out of someone.... ... and......the game is awesome, it looks fantastic, it plays fantastic... but...But.... Ive looked at other reviews of this, and you tend to see the same thing 25 hours gameplay .... thats it.... in just 25 hours, its rinsed out, and even starting to feel repetitive  beaurau / climb / rescue citizen / climb /  do other sidequest which is a variant on one you did before / climb / rescue citizen / climb / sidequest like one you did before.... got enough info! Back to the bureau. At last! omg, cleared this damn map by climbing and looking, rescued every citizen, throttled every informant, now I get to schleck someone!Im kinda glad it stopped where it did.... the freshness of it all was waning, tho I reeeally wanted to see what happened next, both in the past and the present storylines, s just..... idk maaan, 25 hours to complete, feelin a liiiidle repetitive, and no satisfactory conclusion to the modern day part of the story where you end the game.... rah.... something doenst feel quite right about all this.I dont know where the ancestral assassins character development came from either. He started out a prize twonk, and for some reason turned into a bit of a goody by the end...  you know... after slaughtering half of the middle east... like thats gonna give you deep seated reasons to develop a conscience. Eh... his maturing as a person had nothing to do with me, fraaaa, me and him were merciless!I think what Im trying to say is that the storytelling is unsatisfactory. Its a game with aaaaaalll the bells n whistles, graphics, gameplay, viciousness, it ticks a million boxes. Plus, this first AC is iconic, its a gaming landmark, everyone should have it.But the raison detre, the whyyyys of it all, just kinda dribble out at the end. The inane character arc and lack of solid conclusion to the story make this feel like you dipped your toe in... and ya kinda did! 25 hours, rah.Im giving it a thumbsup, I loved it, but the this is gettin samey  ooh! its over! thing does taint it some.