The original Assassins creed is a blast to play even to this day. Now dont get me wrong, this is far from the best game ever made, it certainly suffers from certain problems, but lets not go too fast ok?Lets start with the few bad things I found about this gameThe game is, like you may have heard already, really repetitive. I wont spoil the story, but throughout the game youll be doing the same things over and over again.The combat I thought the combat was a bit too slow. The best and quickest strategy is to just wait for the guards to attack you so you can either throw them to the ground or execute them immediatly. Otherwise youll be blocked most of the time, especially in the late game.The Meh things in the game/The freerunning is just okay. As expected with the first game in the series, its far from flawless and rather slow. Whereas other Assassins except for maybe Ezio will climb up buildings and what not with monkeylike speed and skill, Altar will only just carefully climb whatever is possible to grab./The atmoshpere of the cities is somewhat lackluster. People will respond to you and your actions, but after a few hours you will have heard all the lines the people have to offer. Same with the guards and the people who are yelling speeches on the markets I can almost quote the entire text about The English King and his army of infidels/The main cities you will visit are much the same. Acre is the only one thats somewhat different in style and peopel that walk around because its ruled by the Crusaders, but Jerusalem and Damas are bassically the same.And now, the things I really enjoyed The stories of both Desmond and Altar are very enjoyable. Desmonds story is not as complicated and downright awful as it is right now and it wasnt boring at all. Altar is also an enjoyable character. Not very deep or anything, but good enough. Which brings me to my next pointThis is probably the only Assassins Creed where you actually need to follow certain rules. You HAVE to follow the creed, it plays a large role in this game a role I hope to see return in Origins. Not only are you not allowed to kill civilians part of the creed, your behaviour will also be monitored by the guards. So if they see you climbing a wall, theyll most likely pull a sword out of theirand chase you because what youre doing is not allowed. It adds a sense of realisme to one of the most unrealistic game franchises ever made.The setting. I LOVE medieval times, especially the period of the crusades. I also like how all cities are divided in RichMiddlePoor districts, which I find really fitting.You wont be beaten to death by appearences of famous people in this Assassins creed. In fact, there is only ONE guy in here, who youll only see once or twice in the entire game for less then 5 minutes.Your assassination targets are also somewhat interesting in how they always tell their motives when theyre killed.  Every single target will also have a significant buildup through the missions you must complete in each memory segment.The missions, although repetitive, are still really fun and somewhat varied. I only found 2 or 3 missions that annoyed me because of either the controlls or how the mission was set up I HATE the mission where you must kill archers without being seen.  emI usually rate games by how much they irritate/bored me at certain points. Im happy to tell you that I never really got bored of the game and I only got frustrated a couple of times in the 15 hours it took me to complete the game with all missions cleared except for the flags around the cities.In points, I give Assassins Creed a 7,5/10. It feels very different from the Assassins Creed meta that started with the sequel and the good definitely outweighs the bad. I even enjoyed it more then I did AC2.