Oh man. This game. This ING GAME.44 hours put into this monster. Most of my time was recorded offline, so really its more like 5070 hours, 100 on the outside. And guess what? Im only halfway through Veteran difficulty after spending godknowshowmany hours trying to get through Mercenary. And time of completetion on Mercenary? Somewhere in the ballpark of 15 hours for me at least, because holyI was grinding so hard and I enjoyed every. ing. Second. Of it. Was still a grind, but it was a very fulfilling one, Ill admit. Yes, I was trying to kill mobs so I could get this one drop that would make or break my build, but when it finally DID appear...oh man, oh MAN did I feel like everything was worth it.That should stand as a testament as to how damn addictive this game is, which is pretty damn good. Really. DIABLOtm is and always will be the king of Hack n Slash Action RPGs, but this game gives the king a run for its money.A classless, skilltree based progression system is the star of this title, having built on the framework of the first title. Now, you can tweak your builds to your liking. Combat Mage that deals tons of AoE damage? Go for it! Melee tank that uses greatswords for massive crits? Baby, you can do whatever you want! Ranged character that can snipe from halfway across the map? Yes, please! Nature Mage that can makes enemy projectiles tickle like theyre nothing but feathers? Oh, darling, you know how to get my motor running!However, be warned! Multiclassing is nighon impossible, so take the games advice to heart and stick to one class. Not that you cant do it, but its illadvised nonetheless.Also revamped is the town system. Instead of just being a checkpoint, you actually have a reason to go back to town. You can selloff your vendor trash a lot easier. You can portal back to town. You can buy that one sword that gives 5 cold damage and has a chance of proccing a massive blizzard from the merchant. Sure, its pretty barebones compared to other games, but gawddamn this title needed this sort of system badly.I know that a lot of Hack n Slash Action RPGs already had this feature, and this was definitely missing from the first title. It was basically GPG realizing that they screwed up in that respect on the first title, so to see them rectify it is refreshing.Overall, this title is amazing. Its 6.99 USD or your regional equivalent. Dont even wait for a sale. Get it now. You owe it to yourself. 