Ive played a lot of action RPGs over the years, MMOs included. In terms of the action RPG category I honestly have to say Dungeon Siege 2 takes the cake as the best game ever released. The speed of play and game mechanics are perfect, especially for their time. Unlike the Diablo series, Dungeon Siege 2 takes a less of a run and gun approach to the game. What I mean by this is when your fighting adversaries you actually have to stop and put up a fight. Those who have played Diablo know that if youre playing in a big party you pretty much never stop running while mowing down enemies in the process. I prefer the Dungeon Siege approach because it feels more like a role playing adventure, which is what I am looking for. As for the mechanics, they nailed it. The loot is always great, there are tons of different items, magical, unique etc. There isnt really any one thing about the game that I can honestly pick apart and say I really wish they had done that. Every good aspect of action RPGs is contained in this game and the bad left out. And the storytelling? Second to none.Graphically this game is 10 years old now from me writing this review. That said, in the year 2005 3d graphics were certainly nothing new. If graphics factor heavily into your purchasing of a game, this game will probably never live up. But it still looks pretty good. The environments are very beautiful, and the team who made this game definitely took their time putting work into every little detail.The last thing I will say is when you buy this game.. it comes with glitches. If you have a windows 7/8 computer you have to download some direct x patches from the microsoft website, setup some commands to enable widescreen, and also I had to do something to get the mouse to appear. If you want to play multiplayer it is disabled, but there is a workaround possible, and you can play with friends from around the world by setting up a virtual server. If you can figure out all these things you can get the game to work as it was originally intended in all its glory.My rating of this game 9/10 