This game is seriously fun! although the steam version of the game does have its issues... lack of multiplayer, no broken world addon which was awesome and if you are on Windows 10 you might notice you dont have a cursor on the main menu which seems to be pretty common on the discussions.I also had/have this issue and honestly I havent found a fix for it aside from fullscreenfalse and using BorderlessGaming to fullscreen it that way and it works for the most part.While I do recommend this game wholeheartly...  getting it work  can be a uphill battle, though there are many ways to fix this issue but not all of them will work and in some cases none of the fixes you find will correct it at all.From what I gather the mouse cursor disappearing stems from two problems1 Your Graphics Card is not being detected in vidconfig for the gameand/or2  The Windows Creator Update for Windows 10I beleive a lot of the issues are with the main menu, once you get into the game itself its blissful. but the main menu is stuck on set resolution no matter what  you change in vidconfig and honestly a buggy mess... below is what i did to fix my first issue with the game and getting it to detect my card.1The game does something Ive never seen done in other games, they hardcoded graphic card IDs into a special file called Systemdetail.gas I dont know the ins and outs of that file but I do know any card made after 2009 and/or were AMD might not get detected in vidconfig and from that it might cause the game not to work.Thankfully there is a way to generate your own Systemdetail.gas file and make it detect your card but it does require a bit of knowhow but it is all rather simple.LINKif the link doesnt work just google Systemdetail.gas Dungeon Siege 2The link will take you to a site that will let you create your own .gas file for DS2. You will need to find the hardware IDs for your graphics card in....   Device Manager  Display Adapters  Your Card  Properties  Details then scroll for Hardware IDYou are looking for a two sets of numbersVENXXXX and DEVXXXX X  numbers so for example DEV1234Once found copy the whole line in a notepad doc and dig out the VEN and DEV numbers they should be fairly close together and always be in 4s.Then remove the text VEN and DEV and replace with 0x for both of them make sure you seperate them so it will look like 0x1234 Youll need those numbers and the names of your graphics card plus who manufacures it in order to generate the gas file.Follow the rest of the instructions on site and download your new gas file and replace the one in your Dungeon Siege 2 Folder. this should make sure that your card shows up in vidconfig and should run from that normally. This fixed my issue before the creator update when live for Windows 10.2With Windows 10 however... I havent found a way around it apart from rolling back the creator update... I dont know why this update breaks this game like it does but for now till a proper solution is found and I will edit this review with it I do really recommend editting your launch target line with fullscreen  false setting the resolution in vidconfig and using BorderlessGaming to fullscreen it!I hope this helps somebody! 