Dungeon Siege 2 is an awesome game. Simple to play, and rich in story and lore, this game is an all around enjoyable waste of time, having improved in all the right ways on its predecessor and somehow still remain relevant nowadays.Graphics vs. todays standards  6.5/10 This is by no means a bad thing. The game can play very smoothly for pretty much any PC. I add the .5 for the beautiful scenery, the cool effects on the more advanced weapons and status effects, and the visuals of the actual combat. This game was well on par when it was released.Gameplay  9/10 Everything is so intuative and simple. You will find yourself repeating many actions, but they will feel new each time sorting through the loot to see what you equip and what you sell or store, changing abailities according to foes you encouner, etc. A few pathing mechanics can be annoying at times, and automated action priorities may conflict whith what you want to do at the moment, but it will be refreshed with every click fixing the issue at that moment and causing it to be but a minor setback in a very smooth play. The gameplay is rather linear, but you find yourself branching off the paths to discover hidden secrets, or returning to places visited to find something new or missed.Story and World  9/10 Its no The Last of Us, but you do feel immersed in this world. The main story is rather simple, bad guy wants to take over the world and in turn make it an awful place, and only you got the guts to stop him together with a few followers, but the world is very rich in its own lore. Usually I would skip through chitchat from the NPCs, but in Dungeon Siege 2 the voice acting and actual story call your attention. Amazing voice acting by the way. So many NPCs feel so unique, and having certain members in your party will cause different conversations between them. The world its self is diverse and scenery changes throughout revealing an enormous continent with a vast range of environments each with unique flora and enemies.Replayability  8/10 Besides the fact that you can only play the more novice level of the game before being allowed to replay it on a more advanced level 3 difficulties to play through which will start your charachters off at the level you stopped the previous difficulty, I believe most people will find themselves returning to this masterpiece after cooling down, all thanks to the above.I highly recommend anyone into the RPG/lvlup charachters and abilities genre to give this a go. The current price is more than welcoming vs. the time you will spend on it and the enjoyment it provides.Small note I play almost entirely offline, hence any apparent short time logged on the game.And thank you to Killah, who has the top rated guide on how to enable the Broken World expansion. 