I was a little dissapointed over the quality of DS2 over DS1, graphics are truely better. You can only play on Easy diffuculty untill you finish all 9 Chapters last twothree chapters are pure fighting with bosses and hordes of enemies between them. I was surprised I achieved level 44 by the end even though Mercenary difficulty is limited to 39 level.Half of the game is no challenge untill you meet some strong bosses with higher level than your best member. Game includes a lot of story telling and side quests. Creatures are respawning after getting over a little area out, so firstly cleared area can be full of enemies again.Usually you have teleporters at every few meters forward and you can easily move between three main cities. I was a little frustrated by the end that there was no teleporter and I did not achieve to kill final boss at first chance so I had to fight the hordes of enemies between him and last and closest teleporter.Though I was not satisfied with the beginning of the game probably until level 20, I enjoyed slaughtering through hordes of 3840 level enemies.You can specialize your characters into more styles of fighting, for example mage for melee and magical attacks but less  efficient armor and weapons you will be able to equip on him if you do not stick to one style. There are also armor sets which will add you some nice bonuses.I am happy about the story but the enemies could be more balanced, even though I did not know how the power attacks and other things are, I managed to easily go forward.And big con for stupid AI, my members were driving me crazy, when some of them got lazy to walk and stopped so I had to go back to them or when they got into strong enemy and instead of running with my selected one away to heal, they all ran towards death. I found out pressing R solved this problem, but I only found out by the end of the game.You are offered with few puzzles in dungeons, mostly simple ones, but there are few you have to think through a little more time. Nice addition.It took me 50 hours to finish the game. The hardest part of the game was at the Chapter 7 when I had to fight multiple bosses at once so I basically finished all possible sidequests to improve stats and equipment and after that just slaughtered them. Even though I improved only from level 40 to 42, it helped me a lot against them.Another con you can only save in one slot by pressing CTRLS so no older saves possible but not needed. You just need to save while you are in town or before boss fights. Otherwise you will die and get automatically teleported to the town with butt naked. At least you have your inventory, so if you have secondary equipment or something in your chest, you can take it and reclaim your lost items easier.Bugs enemies sometimes get stuck in the wall so they do not attack but your heroes barely attack them too and it is hard to get their loot if you do not stand close enough. Sometimes enemies, especially last remaining of the horde assault will stop attacking you until you strike them it may be intended as losing morale over dead allies, but to me it looks like bug. Some enemies and even your melee characters tend to circle over their opponents to strike them from another angle, which has no special effect on damage. Ranged attackers tend to shoot walls and ground if below or behind the terrain and you have to manually move your selected one deeper to enemy lines to move whole party. But still these bugs do not destroy whole game experience, it is not disaster. 