This is a weird franchise. Ive played since I was young at the first and second game, however then a few years later they got a needless sequel that forgot what stuff needed fixing in the previous games and also pretty much killed the franchise. However, what about the first and second game? As usual Im gonna start warning you about what the game fails, then move into its strong points.First and foremost, the biggest problem this game has is being around 20 hours long and having a story that youll hardly care about. Remember Sacred? Similar games, however there the story hardly got in the way. Here however the story is all over the place, its redundant, predictable and overall kinda worthless. After a while you might just end up skipping every dialogue. And its sad because the first game wasnt so heavy on the story and made it more enjoyable. It also doesnt help much that the game is long but it honestly felt easy. It rarely got too hard, though I did grind up a bit at certain points to look for those damn set items, which might have something to do with it.The second bad part it has are some of the changes from the previous game. On it, you could have a ton of companions from the beginning and it was up to you to choose what they equip, who to take and sht. Well, you dont get as much freedom in quantities here anymore as from the start youll be forced to a VERY small amount of possible characters that can follow you, and youll have to buy more character slots, with the final slots being locked for higher difficulties. Excuse me, but wasnt the most fun part of the first game to fck around with a party of 6 dumbss guys with shtty loadouts into dumb dungeons and getting killed halfway? Why the hell would this game hold 4 character slots to ransom? Thats a pretty clear case of fixing what wasnt broken. Thankfully theres mods that fix that and I highly suggest you use them.Third is that for some reason this game tried to be more edgy. You know how it goes, back then most sequels went with the edgy tones and this game was no exception. For some reason theres way more blood, theres NPCs EXPLODING IN BLODDY CHUNKS OF MEAT when killed with hard hitting attacks, but it looks really silly and out of place in my opinion, after having played the first one. It does kinda show that they were running out of ideas or had their ideas mixed up.Theres also how the devs didnt fix a common issue with the first game, how linear the game is and that theres not that much rooms to explore. Sure theres hidden areas and all but with a game called DUNGEON Siege youd expect a bit more freedom, more caves where to explore for a reasonable longer time for some miniboss thatll drop a weapon youll instantly use once and forget or something. As it is its usually just a hidden cave with 2 or 3 rooms and some monsters/loot or secret rooms with better loot inside but reasonable smaller. Kinda lackluster on that regardLastly is that the game wasnt made for modern computers, so you should expect some compability issues and weird resolutions. Some of those are fixable by fcking around the game files or by modding, though.But what does the game do right, you might ask? Well...The combat system is satisfying enough. Though the story might get boring and the game is linear as all hell, the combat doesnt get too boring. You get full freedom on building your small number of characters as you please, including having weird but cool pets instead of humans or even a FeCKING DONKEY WITH INSANE CARRYING SPACE. A FCKING DONKEY. THAT is cool.The games lenght is also really good for its price. Specially since it offers replayability andThe game also had a really cool multiplayer mode which is really cool... But its patched out here. However, you can mod it back into it, and playing the game with a friend is quite fun!And theres also completely randomized and it kinda adds to the experience. You can also upgrade items which adds to making your characters more customizable. Finally, theres also set items, which means that if you get multiple items from that one set, you get higher and higher special stats, which I REALLY LIKE! Its kinda hard to get those set items and you might end up farming up a bit, but its worth it.Overall, I would recommend the game, HOWEVER I would seriously recommend you to try the first game instead, and also to just avoid the third game like the fcking plague. In a sale, its a decent amount of fun and a really good lenghty game for a cheap price.TLDR Edition Its average. The first game was better, here sht went edgier and gorier for no reason while the exploration stood the same and the story became a sour mess. But still kinda fun to go through, specially if you mod the multiplayer back in, as for SOME UNHOLY GODFORSAKEN FCKING REASON THE STEAM VERSION HAS IT PATCHED OUT. 