Ive been playing Dungeon Siege since I was a kid, when you needed the game disk to play it, before Steam even existed. Ive got no clue how many hours I spent playing that franchise in my lifetime. All this to say dont trust my Steam hours played  Im very familiar with the franchise.With that being said, Dungeon Siege 1 is fairly nostalgic to me, but Dungeon Siege 2 brings more to the game than the previous one did.TLDR Very good game that surpasses the first one in terms of classes, combat, and story. For those who are unfamiliar with the game, do not let the outdated graphics fool you this game has a lot to offer and has proven more fun and addicting than most other recent games Ive tried. A mustplay for all who call themselves PC gamers.Here it is more detailedThe classes have skills that allow you to specialize in the role you want each character to fill. Rangers are far more potent now, but are comparatively the weakest class still. I have one in my party and have no problem with it nonetheless. Love it and will keep using it, but they could use more DPS.The cities are far more returned to than the first game. Teleporters connect the entire world, promoting revisits as you unlock means to interact with thing you couldnt before. There are clear quests now, and you have a storage safe for your items after the intro stage. Overencumbrance and lack of inventory space is a thing of the past, as you have the access to shops to sell your stuff very early. The story is smoother, better brought and told to the player, and I dare say the game in general is more immersive than the first one. Its a must play for all PC gamers considering how old the franchise is, you could even call this a classic. And its also conveniently cheap for the same reason.Once you get used to the simple game mechanics, and what does what, its very difficult not to enjoy this game. If you enjoyed the Elder Scrolls, Pokemon, and MMORPGs, youll enjoy the Dungeon Siege franchise.NOTE Go into your game options and set the combat back to DS1 for it to be generally easier, until you want to implement kiting into your playstyle later on. With it on DS1, your selected character will keep attacking until whatever youre fighting is dead, instead of having to hold down the attack button for that, or clicking for each individual attack.