Dungeon Siege 2 is one of those games that is a bit too old, and only demonstrates how fast the PC gaming had advanced. I remember playing the original Dungeon Siege and Legend of Aranna and rather enjoyed it, even though it involved a lot of pretty endless sidetracking as you go up and down hills and follow paths and attack monsters and whatnot. Turns out this is about the same thing, albeit with a bit more heroic story...You play this character who was in a bad guys mercenary unit, hit a few battles, then was captured and released to do a few good things for amends. He picks up companions for different roles such as fighter, archer, combat mage and nature mage he himself can be any of the four.The game is pretty simple mechanically, and while there is a ton of loot, most of which are pretty forgettable, as Dungeon Siege at its heart, is 3D Diablo. Youll find various items to improve yourself, and you will swap items trying out different packages.The games graphics are horrible, but thats really no surprise for a game that came out in 2005... It was state of the art THEN, its horrible now. Character polys are low, fightings clunky. The fighter mechanics also changed, and not always for the better. Instead of just fight, each character now has a supermove that you can unlock as you gain skills. A fighter, for example, can do a shieldbash, or perhaps a twohanded sword smashstrike, that does like 10x the normal damage, if you unlock the prerequisite skills. And each skill be further improved in skill levels, with additional skills only unlock when you reach a particular combination of prior skills. This complexity, IMHO, actually made the game worse. Supermove requires recharge, but how it recharges isnt explained very well.The worlds big, but its a single path through, with SOME side areas to explore, but not that much of it. A cave here, a building there.The plot is pretty simple... and cliche. Bad guy is about the conquer the world, and the only guy who can save it doesnt even realize his destiny. Then theres this sudden deus ex machina twist at the end, like WTF? The end result is not nostalgia, but Why did I think this was cool?Play Titan Quest or Diablo 3 instead.