Dungeon Siege is a series of actionRPG, where every chapter feels very distinct from others. You can see the evolution, but there are so much diversity, that people who like DS1 may be strongly against DS2, DS2 fans might be opposing DS1 and DS3... At least, it is not that hot, as apple vs. droid holywar now.Dungeon Siege II made much to expand all that was good in the DS I  the system of characters development, interesting setting of fallen and reshaping empires  just like from known history, only with magic, demons and angels... To add pathos and glory, you know.In addition to DS I formula take x levels with the skill  do y damage with that skill there was added perks  to enhance the benefits of choosing one specific path class rather than do them all but just on the average level still, multiclass with some magic is better than pure melee.While the first Dungeon Siege was quite straight forward with only the very little need for backtracking, the expansion of DS II added BOTH the variety and size of different locations AND the need to go backandforth on the same landscape. While there exists a system of teleports for quicktravel, just the need to return to the base or some previous location every now and then feels very distinct in comparison both with the DS 1 and DS 3.What good do I see in the game?First, the developers made some work with the level design, to the point where dungeons and paths between them are not looking like intestines  like it was with DS 1 and many other similar games.Second, while the story lost more of the previous abandoned Roman legion lore, it become more original. Now its the tale about powerobsessed meglomaniac and some wannabe mercenary, who unintentionally gets in the way of the New World Order. On his way to make some score with the bad guy, our herobychance will be loosing and gaining friends, stepbystep evolving into rebellion leader. Sounds epic, right?Other than story, good level design with bad constant backtracking quests and some good quests thereto, and somewhat original at its time character grading system... I have to say that the game is quite dated. And even back in time when it looked good, it wasnt the brightest star even between socalled Diablokilling action RPGs. Not to mention more pure RPGs like Bioware stuff... There are some nice little things  like the spells to make looting more easy work  but they cant outweigh the main issues, like the general funoutofthegame which cant be measured, but can be compared.As a summary, games not a bad one. Its decent, like 7/10 in my book. But would I recommend it to the new players? Hardly. If you have desire for oldschool gaming, find the real brilliants, like early Bioware products, Divine Divinity or Arcanum  dont start with somewhat original copycats, unless you want to grow a dislikeness to old games in yourself.