Is it just me or did anyone else whos attracted to women fall madly in love with Taar? Ive been hooked on Dryads for years because of her.The game has some age on it. Its not super complicated like others that are available now, but it didnt have to be. Trying to keep your party alive in a skirmish was enough to make you wish you had a diaper on. The story was great and most of the characters where likable. The voice acting was ok.I think its way better than the 3rd installment.The dryad Taar had an INCREDIBLY sexy voice. Srsly. She could read a dictionary to me any time.Make sure you know where your hot key is to use potions as well as the hot key to select specific members and the whole party. Health drains fast. Even faster when a casters mana dries up.There are different skill levels for the game. They encouraged you to up the skill level in an interesting way. Not sure if theyre the first to do it or not, but it was effective  you could have more characters in your party if you choose a higher challenge.Which leads me to one of the greatest things about this game! The dialogue!! Oh, and do yourself a favor and find the mod that takes care of the issue where everyone stops talking and you miss out on that part of the story if a bad guy walks up and attacks. Which happens ALL THE FREAKIN TIME! The inter character banter is flawless. No matter what combination of characters you have or how many, they all interact naturally in conversation. They seem to develop sort of complex relationships between them. They say different things to each other depending on whos there. Ive played the game through a billion times over the years and Im constantly hearing new things.Someone needs to make a NPC follower of Taar for Skyrim and all other sandbox games I like. WHERE IS THE FUNDING FOR THIS!?! ?The game does have a massive inventory of weapons, armor, rings, amulets, shoes, reagents, bathroom accessories, nicnacks, etc etc.. Also, look up the mod that changes the size of your stash box to 255x255 squares. There exists one to do the same with your pack mule and your own inventory. Bump up the resolution and collect some loot!Its also a pretty long game. Youre not going to beat it in a few hours. Even if you cheat via the console, itll still take a few days. Theres SO MUCH territory to cover, puzzles to solve, banter to listen to, cut scenes, missions, shopping.. The boss fights are also super long. Not that theyre oppressively hard though they can be on Legendary, they just require a lot of tactics and strategy. And the bosses have insane HP pools.Games as of late have really lost the charm this little gem has. Yeah, the graphics arent what games have today, so dont get your hopes up if you come across a mod that makes all the girls sans clothing. Though the world does look pretty good. It also doesnt have much in the way of DLC and fortunately you dont have to bust your wallet out and type in credit card numbers every five seconds to get one item you need to progress like those lamentable free to play crapsterpieces. When you enchant items, you dont need a doctorate from MIT like the spells in Lichdom.But, you do have to be careful where you spend your skill points, lest you ruin a character. You do have to plan ahead. You do have to be quick on the keys. But most importantly, you are definitely rewarded for it all.If youve made it this far, you prolly will buy and play the game. Id like to leave you with one piece of advice that will save you much frustration, and it has to do with elevatorsWhen you put your party on a lift to go up or down into a new area, there is one glitch in the game that will bone you. Even if you get all your characters on the platform for whatever reason, when you trip the lever to move, one or more of your people will say Im out, peace! and walk off the platform before it stars to move. Often times dumping you into a mob of baddies you simply cant beat with only half your members or even sans one.So heres what you do. Arrange all your peeps on the platform. Move one of them right next to the lever and use them to pull it. This way, when you go down, if there are a billion bad guys, you can use that same character to bring your party back to safety before anyone dies.If you cant get them all to go up or down at once, and this happens, heres the strategy that I have used for years.Set everyones AI to aggressive. Try to get your magic users to all go down. Leave the Melee and archers behind except for one which you will keep selected and control next to the lever. The reason why you do this, is because a melee character will run off the platform as soon as it touches down and end up toast. The magic users will stay on the platform and hit everything from a distance.KEEP A CLOSE EYE ON HEALTH!! If youre fighting low level creatures, come up once the lowest health meter is at 1/4. If youre fighting high level creatures, come up as soon as the lowest one is close to  1/2. If theyre super high creatures and this is actually a good strategy to kill them period then go down and only say there long enough for your mages to charge their spells. Theyll continue to pelt the baddies as youre coming back up. While youre in your safe zone, use that time to heal and let your mana recharge.Love and cherish Taar. She is the soul and conscience of your group. 