Personal Rating Worth playingTraditional Rating 8/10Genre 3rd Person Action/AdventureThis review does contain potential spoilers so please dont continue reading this until you have played the actual gameWhen the first Assassins Creed ended our modern day test subject Desmond Miles, a man with a powerful ancestral assassins heritage, was still being held hostage by a corporation known as Abstergo Industries. It was during these modern day sequences that we were introduced to Dr. Warren Vidic, who heads up the program where the memories of ones ancestors are accessed through a device known as the Animus. It is here that Desmond Miles was forced to experience his ancestors memories from the time of the Third Crusade  An assassin known as Altair who would break the three tenants of his Assassins code of conduct in pursuit of the Templar, Robert de Sable, who was said to be after a powerful artifact known as the Piece of Eden. Killing de Sable would reveal that the very man at the head of the Assassins Brotherhood was a Templar himself and one who was already in possession of this powerful artifact. Confronting and finally killing his leader, the artifact would later reveal a holographic map showing Altair/Desmond where the other artifacts were hidden throughout the world, artifacts so powerful they could change the very destiny of man. Artifacts that Abstergo would kill to get their hands on. It would also be revealed that a former test subject had been leaving cryptic messages only Desmond could decode that would foretell the end of the world.Assassins Creed II wastes no time in picking up where the first left off. Having discovered that Dr. Vidics assistant Lucy Stillman is a mole, she eventually breaks Desmond out of Abstergo and ferries him off to a safe house where a group of her colleagues have developed an improved Animus. Desmond must once again enter the Animus and access his ancestral memories in the hope that more pieces of the artifact will be revealed before Abstergo can learn of them. This time around we are witness to late fifteenth century Florence as we are introduced to a young nobleman by the name of Ezio Auditore da Firenz who after witnessing the death of his father and brother  brought about by a corrupt official working for the Templars  is then forced to flee to his Uncles villa with his life and that of his mother and sister hanging in the balance. It is here that Ezio is taught the ways of the Assassins Creed by his uncle who eventually sets him on a course of revenge that includes killing a number of Templar figureheads all involved in the death of his father and brother with the trail finally leading all the way up to the top of the Vatican itself with Rodrigo Borges  otherwise known as Pope Alexander VI  a powerful man who will stop at nothing to get his hands on the remaining pieces of the artifact. Before doing away with Rodrigo, Ezio is inducted into a secret brotherhood of assassins having amply proven his worth to the cause.Historically recreating locations such as Venice, Tuscany and Florence the player is introduced to this wonderfully created digital world through main missions and side missions Rocksteady could take a leaf out of Ubisoft Montreals book on how to create a living and breathing digital world that is a pleasure to explore and not a bore. The world we get to inhabit as our playground is a wonderful recreation of late fifteenth century Italy even going as far as introducing us to a lovable Leonardo Da Vinci who Ezio befriends early in the game and who exists to help decipher the many numerous codexs Ezio comes into contact with. Spanning a period of twenty years the game is a particularly massive one and to be honest this sometimes acts to the detriment of the actual game itself. Assassins Creed II requires a lot of dedication and patience from its players to progress through and to be honest it starts to suffer near the end because of it. Whilst most certainly a massive improvement over the original in terms of scope, design and story telling it does come at a cost where the game gets so wrapped up in its own awesomeness that it starts to make itself rather redundant, sluggish and dare I say  boring  towards the end with missions that simply exist to pad out an already lengthy game. Just as you think the story is starting to wind down to its conclusion the game will throw another mammoth task your way that will lead into another mammoth task and this may try a very few many gamers patience and tolerance levels as it did mine. Having to find out that I needed to kill nine Lieutenants of the Templar Order towards the end of the game made me want to curse to the heavens after already inhabiting this world for a good 60 hours. For all the frustration the game induces near its end, its carried forward by a serpentine plot that is less over the top than the original but far more thrilling and engaging. The ending is a little bit of a disappointment when you finally have Rodrigo Borgias in your assassins sights. After all the build up this encounter is rather dull and lifeless but thankfully is concluded by a spectacular sequence I will not reveal for those that have yet to complete the adventure.Spending so much time in the shoes of Ezio what ultimately emerges is a gaming protagonist for the ages. Voiced impeccably by a first rate cast, Ezio is immediately likable and enduring and emerges as a fully rounded and developed character that one becomes incredibly vested in early on in the game. I can see why Ubisoft was a little reluctant to pack him away after the adventure concluded going as far as creating two fully fledged sequels continuing his adventures alone. Where as Altair was a one dimensional figure from the past and not particularly likable its the exact opposite when it comes to Ezio who can be ruthless and cunning but also generous and incredibly warmhearted. Assassins Creed II when looked at holistically is an impressive game indeed with the graphics looking quite spectacular for the most part although you can see the games original console limitations with muddy textures abound everywhere. Audio, however, from the clash of swords to the sweeping and epic soundtrack through to the incredible voice cast is all top notch throughout the entire game. Ultimately, Assassins Creed II emerges as a game I loved for the most part where it not for all its irritating inconsistencies towards the end those final missions were a test of endurance and patience and frankly I could have done without them as it employs one of my pet hates in gaming where more and more enemies are thrown at the player to try and give the illusion of a suddenly ramped up difficulty. This ended up being a slight killjoy rather than the thrill ride I was expecting for a conclusion.But with that being said I still thoroughly enjoyed the majority of my time spent in Ezios company and I look forward to continuing my adventures with him in the future, just hoping and praying slightly that his remaining two adventures are a much tighter affair than his first one. 