Assassins Creed II is a definite improvement over the first game in terms of mission variety, combat mechanics, storytelling and world building. But it is still bogged down by a lot of design choices that leave me puzzled.First of all, I just wanted to say that similarly with the predecessor, the modern day stuff just blows the big one. None of the characters are likeable. Desmond is really boring, and just does what hes told without a single thought. That Shaun guy is just a huge prick. And the computer girl just gives me 2edgy vibes all the time. Lucy is okay because shes nice, but thats honestly the best trait any of the characters have. It still doesnt make me care about her.Now, most of the game is done in the past storyline which is great. Lots of likeable and dislikeable characters which made me care about them. The protagonist, Ezio is a lot of fun, Leonardo de Vinci is impossible to hate, and all the supporting characters are interesting. The vast amount of history available in the database on the reallife locations and characters also make this game very unique. Though sometimes the history tidbits sound like they were written by some angstyandtryingtobecool teenager, which is very offputting.I also really enjoyed the updated weapon variety and the toned down reliance on repetitive mission types. What I mean by that is in the first game, 80 of missions were just eavesdropping, or pickpocketing in other words, something incredibly trivial. In this game, theres a larger variety of missions, and the dependence on a single mechanic isnt really as present.Negatives? Combat is simple which is fine but somehow they still manage to make it incredibly finnicky and not smooth. Same with wall running, I found myself jumping in the complete opposite direction to what I wanted or jumping off of a building way too many times. Also the HUD is very annoying its incredibly ugly, intruisive and distracting. Anything that reminds you that youre in the Animus was such a headache to look at. The only other thing on the technical side of things is the texture popin. Holyits awful. At least this game runs better than the first one.And while the story is interesting at points, it really just cumulates in the last quarter of the game. The first three quarters is just kill this guy for revenge over and over again. And the ending is incredibly nonsensical. Im not going to spoil it, but its borderline .While its an improvement over the first game, I still can only recommend this as a buy when its on sale. To me there are just so many strange things that bring the quality of the game down. I really dont get the hype around this series when there are so many poorly executed mechanics right up front and center. I give this a 7.0/10. Its a good game, but not much more. 