Almost every single negative review seems to be because if uplay, not something I had issues with, so heres one about the game. I picked it up because its one of these mainstream games which I had not tried before and because of all the overwhelmingly positive reviews, which I genuinely cannot understand.At the beginning it seemed to be a good and fun game, but the more I played the more obvious it got The most important thing in a game like this, the controlls and mechanics, at least with a controller, are complete garbage. It feels extremly clunky and glitchy, often you cannot understand why you didnt grab that ledge or why Ezio jumped in another direction, which often times means that you have to start climbing all over again, which can get quite infuriating. One time, in an assassins tomb, in which you had to jump your way up from the left wall to the right, I had to switch to mouse and keyboard in order to complete it because it was not possible with the controller, even after  30 ! mins of trying.The combat is really bad and boring, either you just button smash untill all your enemies are dead or parry and avoid all the time untill you get random kills. Its also quite unresponsive, I cant count the times Eizo just didnt move at all while being hit constantly. The chase sequences are dreadful, the story is decent at best and gets really boring over time. Overall the game is just too long for what it got with an dragged out storyline.Quite sad since the game has otherwise a good soundtrack, great graphics and artstyle considering its age and and a nice level to detail. The atrocious controlls alone really ruined it for me. I try to complete every game I start to play, but I dont know if I can bring myself to finish this.If you have lots of free time and like running around with  controlls and doing boring and lacking in variety quests all the time, this game might be for you, other than that, I can absolutely not recommend this. While I had a bit of fun from time to time, the game left me feeling  unsatisfied, frustrated and sometimes even infuriated. For what it does it is just too bad in its core aspects, and I really wish I had spend my time with a better game. 