Assassins Creed 2 is worth every penny, dime, nickel, quarter, dollar, really anything moneywise. This Assassins Creed is without doubt the best in the series. How so? you may ask. Well, let me answer that question for you.Assassins Creed 2 starts in Florence, Italy, a truly beautiful city. You play the character of Ezio Auditore de Firenze. As you begin, you are just a young Italian noble, but youll soon learn a family secret, and become the most deadly and awesome assassin that there ever was. When Ezio learns of his past, he sets out to assassinate other men who were conspirators against his family. Along the way, youll travel to several different cities Venezia, Tuscany, Forli, Monteriggioni, Florence and explore them, assassinating the men youre after and even make new friends.The game really outdoes itself with its amazing soundtrack. Listening to it makes you feel like an assassin just like Ezio, but youll never be as cool nor as good as he is. There are miles and miles worth of city to track and explore. Theres also several unique assassination techniques that are extremely satisfying to pull off. As you complete missions, you will earn yourself some cash and be able to buy better armor and weaponry. The weaponry is also very interesting indeed. You can use smokebombs to make quick getaways. Throwing knives to kill those pesky archers on rooftops, use poison on one of your enemies by injecting them with it via your hidden blade. You can also use a neat little gun attachment on your arm, which is extremely useful for making assassinations quick and swordfree.One of the best things is the combat system. When youre engaged in handtohand combat, you can dodge, taunt, and perform epic killmoves. Are you one that likes to use swords, daggers, or even your fists? Then youll enjoy the combat system very much. Another thing that the game executes very well is in the free run system. This running system allows you to climb onto objects and get onto rooftops and perform some very darn good parkour.But if there is but on reason to play this game, it is the storyline. The great voice acting and fun and touching storyline are what make or break games. But Assassins Creed 2 has done that very, very well. If you are one who enjoy the Assassins Creed series, or even if youre someone who has never heard of it yet, you should definitely pick the game up. Youll enjoy amazingly detailed cities, great combat, amazing story, and an overall satisfyingly spectacular experience.9/10