Assassins Creed II is an OPEN WORLD action adventure game. Its also one of the most proper sequels in a franchise ever, improving areas that needed rehauling and even those that didnt. The game continues the story of Desmond Miles, and opens the story of another ancestor Ezio Auditore De Firenze, an assassin from Florence Italy.The gameplay for Assassins Creed II will be both satisfying and disappointing for players coming from the original. The disappointment will come from the only con of the gameplay, which is that the sword combat is even more dumbed down from before. In the original, sword fights dumb down to waiting for the enemy to attack and then counter attacking with one button. In this game, its the same exact story wait for the enemy to attack, and then counter or grab them. Either one will result in a very quick kill and got very boring quick after just coming from the previous installment. Its so enjoyable I purposely avoided combat when going into endgame collectables. But with that aside, lets discuss the positives.Literally everything else in this game has been revamped and improved upon from the original. Ubisoft decided to add a looting system, therefore adding gear and money into the game. While the gear and weapons are still gated behind story mission progression, the looting system is a huge step up from simply being given things from an Italian Al Mualim after a boring lecture. The hidden blade has been given a counterpart to form Dual hidden blades, allowing for dual stealth assassinations. Assassinations can now also be performed from above an enemy and below them on a ledge. Throwing knifes, poisons, daggers, money for distraction, smoke bombs and A GUN, have all been added to the methods of which to achieve the players means. Climbing has also been improved, as at a certain point, Ezio can learn how to grab a high ledge while jumping up, adding complexity to the climbing. There was even a point where a glider was in the game and the character was allowed to fly. THE PLAYER CAN ACTUALLY SWIM NOW but sadly, no other person in the game world can and will disintegrate upon touching the stuff. The player can also now blend with any large crowd of people. Another great to change to the game is adding hit bars above the heads of enemies. Seeing how many hits an enemy has left really helps with keeping the player engaged and aware of the situation.Overall, the gameplay has been massively improved, except for where it needed to be the most.The sound design in this game was amazing. The score for each zone in the game was absolutely superb. Each piece matched the theme of its zone perfectly and i found myself humming along almost all the time.The music in the present day plotlines was so icly good to me that I waited to go into the animus at the start just to listen to it. The only issue with the sound design truly lies with the sound effects. While once again the sound effects for climbing, fighting and taking damage are all amazing, the voice acting for the guards is so repetitive. Everytime they say the exact same two things in the exact same order. After playing the game for 39 hours, it got rather sickening. The view point sound effect suffers the same, being the exact same five cello chord drag that kills the mood of the game. The sound effect for accepting missions, while being repetitive is so good that its excused.The visuals in this game are a major improvement from the sequel and are very impressive for 2009. The most important part is the style. For the setting of renaissance Italy, the style is impeccable. The color palettes in every zone vit them perfectly. Florence had a nice euphoric glow to it, while venice had a more blueish feel to it. The only zone i disliked was Romagna, as it suffered slightly from the aforementioned fallout 3 syndrome. The game also had particle effects in the sky, which i thought were great and added on to the world. As usual, I also liked the simulated feel to it, with certain things glowing with animus effectsThis game has so much content. The best part is almost none of it is repetitive. Instead of giving the player the same six remedial tasks and then a big assassination, this game gave proper unique missions leading up until the assassinations for 14 sequences. The side missions have an even bigger variety. The player can do assassination contracts which with the exception of four tailing missions were all unique and different. There were courier missions and races, which were also all unique and different. The five  Beat up missions, however, were very repetitive and had the same plot every time. Six Assassin tombs which are climbing puzzles that reward the best armor in the game. Templar lairs and assassin catacombs are also in the game and unique. The collectables were unique this time, including feathers, Glyphs and treasures. Feathers take the places of the flags from the original, but only have 100 in the whole game this time. Glyphs are plot related and give a huge revelation to the plot. Maps to all the treasures can be bought at art shops. There is also the Villa, which is has an upgrade system which gives you a certain amount of income every 20 minutes of gameplay. I did end up 100 completing this game, and it took me 37 hours. I honestly enjoyed every non combat minute of it.I found it extremely hard to believe I had a bugless experience with this game. I can also alt tab out of it with no issue.Assassins Creed II is an amazing sequel that improves both the issues and benefits of the previous game. There is more than enough content for the price paid for this game.ScoreWorth Every Penny.