 awesome and long story cool mix between historical settings and Animus UI huge maps five cities  extra areas horse riding assassination missions smooth combat with impressive combos weapon selection including a gun mounted on the wrist uPlay funky AI behavior from time to time sometimes a bit repetitive guard fighting occassional graphical glitches not great video card optimization audio can go out of sync in very rare occassionsWe leave Altair from the previous game to start a new adventure with Ezio. This game is a real upgrade from the first AC. The developers at Ubisoft listened to what people had to say about their first game in this franchise and created this unique and spectacular game! Basically all areas have been improved. AC2 take you for a ride with the really good and rather long storyline where Ezio evolves from a boy to a man ... and in the end to an ultimate assassin. The game is fun, it has lots of side missions and collectibles as well. Never have I found a dull moment in this game. The combat is smooth and apart from the generic guard fighting it is not at all repetitive. Main assassinations are great and fun, each playing out a bit differently to mix things up a bit. Again I also applaud the Desmond timeline although so many people do not like it I think it fits perfectly into the game. Of course there are drawbacks to this game. One being a sometimes funky AI for both allies and enemies. But the main flaw is in this case uPlay. This was the first game to implement it and back then it was a disaster. Today it is better but still far from good because starting the game on Steam just launches uPlay and THEN you can start your game. So you need a uPlay account. Otherwise the game itself is fantastic and takes you on a journey through renaissance Italy where you will adore both the story and the visuals. I know I did. Recommended!There are some DLCs available for this game that are not part of the standard installation.The Battle of Forl Sequence 12, Bonfire of the Vanities Sequence 13, Templar Lair missions, Bonus costume dye skin.Auditore Family Crypt map mission, Additional five throwing knives upgrade, Altair outfit skin.