You know, I dont know why I keep feeling myself drawn to this game. I distinctly remember my excitement at seeing the E3 trailer and demonstration in the summer of 2009 followed by several months of intense anticipation at the thought of getting the game for Christmas. That fateful day came when I first entered the beautifully rendered world of Renaissance Italy, and gaming for me has never really been the same.I cant kid myself and say that Assassins Creed 2 hasnt aged a day in the intervening eight years however, it has a timeless magnificance to it that still makes it not just a series highlight but one of my personal favorite games of all time. In this game, Ubisoft perfected the world building that would go on to define the franchise as well as developed one of the most charming and sympathetic protagonists of all time in Ezio Auditore. The story, while at times corny, managed to find a fine balance between the historical intrigues that form the backdrop with the overarching narrative of the Templars versus Assassins. When this game came out, that overarching narrative still had weight and mystery to it that in my opinion was thoroughly stomped out after Assassins Creed 3.So, why play this game over a newer entry into the franchise? Honestly, do it for the story, atmosphere, and immersion in history. The gameplay certainly improved in later entries however, upon reflection I cant help but think that something else was lost along the way. This game, like few others, can truly transport you to a whole new world if you let it and make you yearn to relive a history that never existed. Youll root for Ezio as he enacts his vengeance upon the Templars whilst simultaneously mourning the man he could have become had tragedy and a bit of predestination not interrupted his normal, aristocratic life.For these reasons, Id say that Assassins Creed 2 is well worth the revisit for players such as myself and equally appealing to those new to the series and looking for a good entry to start with. While it may be technically inferior to the latest titles, it has a soul and warmth to the story and world that in my mind far surpasses its technical limitations. Chances are by the end of your twenty or so hours in the campaign, this game will make you want to research and learn more about the era of the Renaissance if just to feel closer to Ezio and his world. 