Assassins Creed 2 Ability to climb almost anything  buildings, towers, balcony railings, crates..the environment has great interaction. The jumping is also well done. The combat animations are good, with several weapons you can use, such as swords, daggers, warhammers, hidden blades, throwing knives etc. You can perform some cool counter moves against enemies and special attacks as well. A fairly interesting storyline, although it has its flaws. The plot continues from the original Assassins Creed, where Desmond once again enters the Animus and this time takes control of Ezio, an assassin who is out for vengeance against those who killed his father and brothers, while also trying to discover the truth about who he is and what he must do. Set during the 15th Century across many cities in Italy, this game has a unique feel. Graphically its not that great, but the colours are really nice and the towering, iconic buildings have lovely architecture, giving you the impression that youre really in a Renaissance era town. You can purchase new weapons and upgrades for your armour, along with treasure maps to locate hidden chests of loot, which encourages exploration. You can upgrade your own city and learn new fighting moves in combat training. Raid assassin tombs, clear out templar lairs or complete assassination contracts. Theres so much to do. Theres also numerous features in the game designed to assist players in avoiding guards or enemies, such as blending in with the crowd to reduce attention from authorities, or utilising places to hide, like haystacks and rooftop gardens. Clearly, the developers didnt quite understand how horrible their controls were in the initial Assassins Creed for PC. As such, they decided to use the exact same formula here. Fortunately, its not a total disaster. The tutorial is better this time and explains key usage much more thoroughly. Assassins Creed 2 does a much better job of anticipating your actions and this results in freeflowing, natural movement, making the game enjoyable. The controls could still be simplified and significantly more efficient though. It is obvious this game was once again poorly ported from consoles and its disappointing. The graphics in this game could be improved. While the movement system is fluent mostly, it falls apart when you want to move fast in combat and switch between targetting enemies. Theres multiple keys involved here which are too complex to grasp in the small reaction time available. Travelling between locations within a city can get tedious and boring. Theres a lot of climbing, running and leaping in this game, which has its benefits and drawbacks. Theres no fast travel option to accomodate players who dont wish to lug themselves across the city every single time.Overall Score 7.5/10Assassins Creed 2 is a lot better than the first installment in the series. By no means is it fantastic or groundbreaking as many would have you believe, but a good action game nonetheless. Pick this up when its on sale.