With the release of Middle Earth  Shadow of Mordor, theres no real reason to really buy Assasins Creed games unless you want alot of wasting time, a story that dousnt make a whole lot of sense and never will, and in general a completely inferior product to MESOM. ME takes everything that sucks about AC series and fixes it basically. AC2 is just much of the same of AC1 and retains all the issues that game has while throwing in more stuff some of it adds to the game while most of it is just tacked on and dousnt really add a whole lot to the gameplay. Along with a story thats loosey goosey stupid crap, if I wanted a crap story I would watch a Stallone movie outside of First Blood Part 1 or Govenator Von Gun Grabber movie. This story is idiot tier presentation to the point that sneaking up to listen on a conversation amounts to standing a couple yards away from these guys in ruins feild and then Etzio is shocked that they realized he was there. Its like Jesus, porn comes with better stories than this.I havnt beaten the game yet but thus far I have encountered a number of issues and it seems to be a not very good game as its to similiar to the first in its repatitiveness and screwing around.Some problems areNo Challenge, its stupidly easy. A small child could beat this game and isnt definitively better than 1 or really that diffrent aside from a few small additions.Extremely stupid AI that can barely play the gameThe AI dousnt really offer any real challenge unless you get ganged up on, even then just way till they attack one by one then counter them which instakills them most the time. And if not just Jam the attack button until you win. Im still relatively early so I expect more enemy types later on. The AI is so stupid though they will jump off a building and die. I seen it happen, or they just stand there going through a few lines over and over basically amounting to them saying hey, whose that guy there until there bar fills and they realize your the guy they are supposed to kill. AI also patrol inside buildings and not much else, its so terribly bland for such a big name game and literally breaks the entire plot when immersion is lost due to just stupid AI quirks.Sounds missing, which makes for some awkward moments when cinematics have no sounds regarding something supposed to be dramatic.Free Running on buildings and up walls has a tendency to grapple onto something you dont want or send you jumping off a building you hadnt wanted to jump off ofI have seen people claim they never in the time they played the game had their character jump anywhere but where they intended and that if this happens to you its because your bad. These people are outright lying. Struggling with the camera and free running design is especially a problem in 2 partially thanks to more geometry for the character to jump onto or you will just randomly jump off a building and not lock onto anything even though you should have. Its random at times.Also another issue is the design of buildings and geometry itself, so many areas have spots where you feel you should be able to climb up but the next ledge is just slightly out of your reach so you just stop and have to go around. Its terrible, slow, and clunky, and I feel like Im just wasting time trying to figure out how to climb up a stupid building instead of just going around it at times.Pop in and poor draw distancesPeople just appear from nowhere in front of you, or they are just a few yards away and have polygon heads that look like some PS1 or early PS2 crap.Not well optimized for PC releaseI cant get above 60fps and VSync is off, the FPS does drop in some areas aswell and the graphics look like a console game, which isnt okay for a PC game that can look far better especially when pop in is noticable. Though the game does look good/satisfactoryControls required downloading custom preset/mod to get them to be usable and not Unfortunately they are still flawed, a combined fast walk/pickpocket button means you do both at the same time, which is terrible because you do both at the same time.Fluffy, lots of time wasting to make the game last longer and missions that just have no real point but to make the game longer. This BS is what makes AS series so crap thus far. I would rather have a 5 to 10 hour game where I really enjoy it instead of 18 hours full of time wasting.Plot is hard to follow if there even is one. And its constantly getting in the way of gameplay. Etzio and Desmon are barely even characters. They are uninteresting and empty.This is the product of a bad port job, either setup the controls yourself or be lazy like me and find someone elses configuration work.Its like the 1st gameThe first game was good, and a solid third person action game though extremely repatitive. This is still continues with this game, unfortunately not always for the best.Graphics can look pretty good, till you notice something bad that throws the table.Era is nice to see alive. If you consider alive mostly static, unfaithfull to history, with artistic liberties and game design requirements in place, still its nice to atleast imagine how the world was so so long ago.Setting is just a reskin of the AC1. To the point that its just a bunch of reworked textures with much geometry.Extremely padded, the game actually makes you go out and find all the codex pages to continue. This junk is usually reserved for optional collectibles like it is with the feathers in this one. 