My personal favorite AC game and the only one so far that Ive seen to be a true sequel to its predecessor.Warning Contains spoilers to ACII and its story.STORY This one continues right after the first game. Desmond has uncovered the location of The Apple a rare piece of eden that has the power to manipulate and enslave other humans. Desmond escapes Abstergo with one of the workers who reveals herself to be an Assassin named Lucy Stillman. After they escape Lucy tells Desmond their struggle against the templars and theyre losing, with Desmond she explains itll help their and for him to become one of them he has to go through training. With that he must go through another of his ancestors and one of the best main characters in AC to date Ezio Auditore Da Firenze, an Italian noble starting his journey as an Assassin in 1476 at the age of 17. Desmond also meets Shaun and Rebecca, Rebecca provides the animus 2.0 and gives tech support to desmond while Shaun provides historical information, people, events, letters, etc to Desmond while hes in the animus. What can I say about this story....holy not only is this story long but its both edge of your seat exciting,scary,funny,saddening and all in one package.....except the dlc. 9.9/10GRAPHICS The graphics in ACII are surprisenly better here than the first one. Ubisoft did a good job in caring for the PC version like the consoles. Theres some added graphic features and it makes it all the better sweeter. 9/10GAMEPLAY WOW WOW WOW! Ubisoft how much did you put in this game? The hidden blade as its own weapon? Two hidden blades? More weapons and customization features? Side missions that are more enjoyable than the first? Sign me up! Ubisoft put everything they got into this sequel by innovating so many ideas and it freaking worked! I didnt feel at all hindered by this game and I always kept smiling everytime I kept playing. Again thank you so much Ubisoft for putting in so much effort into this sequel. 10/10CONCLUSION This is the definition of sequel, with an amazing story, surprisenly better graphics, and so much gameplay changes and ideas that worked. The only con I would put in would be the dlc as it either shouldnt have been made or it should of been included ingame. Thank goodness I got deluxe edition.BUY RANK1 