A sequel better than the first game in every aspect.You can now wield several weapons. You have bigger ones at your disposal such as twohanded swords, axes and hammers that have different animations and make the combat look even more exciting.Your protagonist, Ezio, can actually swim this time. This is a must as youll go to Venice and you have missions where swimming is necessary or just helpful in order to get rid of enemies.To be honest, I was not familiar with the era of the first game. Now, when it comes to the 15th century the second installment takes place in it brought back memories from history classes. Its actually quite cool that Ezio regularly visits Leonardo Da Vinci and at one point in the game you get to use his flying machine.There are a lot of cities in the game with TONS of side missions. You even have your own mansion surrounded by several buildings. You can upgrade these and the economy system incorporated provides you with a steady income.Obviously, the game employs better graphics and you also have nightday cycle in the sequel. Horseriding returns and it still looks cool.Enemies are more varied and you are required to use different tactics instead of just bashing the counter key when it is necessary. Also, countering is easier this time.The incorporated notoriety system requires you to lay low for a while after a fight with the soldiers in town  otherwise you are recognised as the local villain and immediately get attacked by the next group of guards.No more eavesdropping and pick pocketing as mandatory missions! There were far too many in the first game and after a while they became annoying and very repetitive. Thank God the sequel has more varied and exciting missions and locales.The plot is more interesting this time and while Altair you got to know from the beginning as an assassin Ezio now starts out as teenage boy of a noble family unaware of the conflict between the Templars and Assassins. You follow his story from the very beginning and it is nice to see how his personality develops as the plot thickens.It may be the best in the series. This episode introduced a lot of new features that have since become the signature components of every Assassins Creed game to date.