What a great game! Its my favorite of the series so far Ive played through the Ezio storyline and most of AC III at this point, and it still makes me want to go back and play it again.Basic info on equipment HP Pavilion dv66123cl entertainment notebook. Processor AMD A63400M APU w/Radeon HD Graphics 1.40 GHz. Installed RAM of 6 GB. 64Bit Windows 10 OS. Wired external mouse and keyboard. No additional equipment used or upgrades made to computer.Gameplay and Controls 6/10  Still one of the most challenging aspects of the game, especially for mouse/keyboard users, but as I was more used to the controls, having played the first game, it was not quite as difficult. The only things that took some getting used to were the combat system and the new blending system. Kill streaks were almost impossible for me to get at first because I just couldnt get the timing down. I think I only started to finally get them towards the end of the game when I had enough practice that I could set them up effectively. So, are the controls still challenging? Yes, but at least if youve played through the first AC, you should be familiar enough with them that only minor to moderate adjustments should be necessary. The controls for other forms of combat ranged, for instance are actually rather easy to get the hang of.Graphics 10/10  As with the last game, the graphics are truly impressive. Not only are the cities and countryside that you move through absolutely gorgeous like seriously, I want to go back in time and move to Italy now, but everything from the movement of the characters within the game to the movement of extraneous things like horses and carriages is tremendously realistic. Maybe not Halo level of realism, but frankly, Im not looking for that in a game like this, so what they do have is amazing. It made the immersion in the world so much better than most other games that Ive seen or played.Storyline 8/10  I enjoyed the storyline of this particular game very much, even with the inaccuracies presented about the Templars. The history of the time period that it represents was otherwise rather accurate, and that made the game hugely enjoyable for me. Talk about history coming to life! The only part that I had any real trouble with was keeping up with how many years were going by ingame, especially since the characters were not made to look any older throughout. It actually came as a bit of a shock to me to realize at the end just how many years were contained within the story, even though I would see the new date flash by at the beginning of each new memory sequence. In addition to the great history aspect of the game, I found the fictional story within it compelling and complex enough that I did not lose interest for almost the entire game. Towards the very very end when I was playing through the Bonfire of the Vanities quests, I started to get bored because that was not really  part of the main storyline, and it became tedious but otherwise, the rest of the game was quite good. I think, again, that the story within this game is the most enjoyable so far out of the installments that Ive played. The only two parts that I didnt enjoy as much, were the two DLCs at the end of the game that come with the deluxe edition the Battle of Forli, which was okay, but not great and The Bonfire of the Vanities, which as I mentioned previously, became tedious rather quickly.Characters 9/10  Oh my word, the characters in this game are great! I didnt add a review of characters for the first AC because we really only dealt with Altair for the most part, and he was just okay. Ezio was actually personable and such a fun and likeable character that I truly loved playing as him. Not only that, but the other people historical and fictional around him in the game were so well done, that I wanted to interact with them even more. Leonardo Da Vinci is the best!Overall Rating 9/10  As I said, this game is my favorite so far out of the AC games that Ive played. The storyline was detailed, graphics were superb, characters felt more like my friends than just graphics on a screen, and I truly enjoyed becoming immersed in the rich historical world of Renaissance Italy and exploring it through the adventures of the vibrant character of Ezio Auditore da Firenze. Highly recommend!