Ugh blaaahh... I did not enjoy this.I heard a many of good things about Assassins Creed. I was in mood for an open world game so I thought what the heck. What followed was 40 hours of fustration and annoyance.Here is a list of things that bothered me greatly  Not that good of a port and had that Ubisoft DRM UPlay slapped on it.  The graphics were very meh. Everything looked pretty meh even on the highest settings. Some textures of Ezio remain red even after using dye. Riding/running through a field thats suppose to be filled with flowers, grew around you as you passed on through, basically has no draw distance on them. The ground textures in the field specially the rocks looked like the texture havent even loaded in right.  The controls were VERY sticky feeling and I never felt like I was in control. Youll often jump off things even though you werent pressing that direction. Latch on to things when you are just trying to run. Grabbing ledges you didnt mean to or fighting to grab a ledge that looks climbable but isnt. It was just a sticky mess.  Collectibles.. the biggest middlefinger the game could of given me. Wasted my time collecting all these hidden feathers only to get! ..... a worthless ugly cape that made guards attack me on sight. Yay.  Had many annoying minigame puzzle things that sometimes relied on blind luck or atleast felt like it did.  Arbitrary limitations slapped on some missions to make it harder. One mission wanted me not be seen by my target before assassinating him. After struggling due to the amount of guards and just brute forcing it. I stab him without being seen... then proceed to hold him up and look him in the eyes in a cutscene and talk to him... EXCUSE ME GAME! WHY DID I HAVE TO AVOID BEING SEEN BY HIM!?For the good.  There are a lot of large lands to explore. About the only nice things I have to say. But even then there isnt much incentive to explore besides those rage inducing feathers or worthless money chests. Whee.Most say this is the best one in the series. If that is the case, I am not a fan, at all. At no point did I ever feel like I was an assassin. Everytime I was about to start enjoying myself I was slapped with something annoying.Its one of the few few games on my Steam library I wish I could give away or get a refund.