Its safe to say I have had a quite a poor time playing Assassins Creed 2. As a fan of stealth games and someone who is behind on early games from the xbox 360 era, I was prettty enthusiastic to get it on steam for just 5 bucks. But upon playing it, oh god. Its...Its awful. From the atrocious and button mashy combat to the over simplified stealth/parkour system, Assassins Creed 2 plays like a complete mess. Despite all the critical acclaim and refferals from reddit that all boast how this is one of the good ones and its the best in the series, I am simply yet to be impressed. The visuals are nice, the crowd blending mechanics are interesting and there is an excellent sense of freedom and discovery whilst exploring the cities, scaling up historical buildings and leaping from rooftops are probably some of my favorite moments from this game. The downside is, I spent most of my time getting frustrating how mundane everything else is. The stealth system, which should be the focus, or at least have clear emphasis in a stealth/action game. Why is it so basic? Its the same, generic yellow alert meters with guards that stand still or patrol in a small circle. These systems are fine and perfectly acceptable ways of encouraging stealth but there is one fatal flaw with this incorporation of this alert mechanic...Wheres the punishment? With enemy AI being completely incompetent during combat and a watered down press x till the die and block some times combat system, there is absolutely no penalty to being alerted as it is easier and faster to murder every guard you encounter. I could go on and on about how each mission feels like a linear tutorial for mechanics that never seem to get developed, the lack of interesting side quests in the large cities and that whole desmond thing but I feel like a 5 page essay on why Assassins Creed 2 wasnt fun for ME is ridiculous and a waste of everyones time. I didnt like this game and probably wont buy another game of this series unless I see some major improvements to the core systems this game is founded on. There is alot of potential, but the game never pulls of stealth or combat correctly, leaving a game where you run and jump off stuff and some french people as the side dishes to a mediocre title.