Having played Assassins Creed 2 on the PlayStation 3 at launch and even dared to reach the Platinum Trophy, I can honestly say this replay was a fun revisit! Now that Ive finished Assassins Creed 2 for my second time and on PC this time, I still firmly believe this is the best AC game that Ive played so far. Story, characters, music... all excellent! The visuals are well done, not ground breaking but theyre very decent. And the PC version does offer better graphics.As for the gameplay aspect, I played AC2 mainly with the Xbox One controller and no issues whatsoever. The Keyboard  Mouse scheme wasnt too bad and much improved from AC1 but I still preferred to play AC2 with a gamepad. The gameplay mechanics were refined too from AC1. The parkour works better, the combat is slightly more fluid than AC1.Without giving you too much detail, this game improved in all aspects from AC1. It is a fantastic sequel and if only the other AC games were that good...PROSStrong narrative, impressive and deep story, Renaissance setting.HUGE world to explore.Ezio Auditore da Firenze is a strong new protagonist in the game.Secondary characters npc were well implemented.Jesper Kyd music composer THE BEST AC SOUNDTRACK TO DATE.More weapons, more ways to kill enemies.Greater variety of missions / sidemissions in AC 2 Many side missions too if you want to play them assassinations, courrier, races, etc.Many Tombs, Templar lairs to uncover and they unlock the most useful item in the game.Lenghty playtime. Just the story can take you a good 20 hours at least.CONSAt the games launch, it required a permanent internet connection. Totally unacceptable for a single player game. Granted, Ubisoft Montreal removed that draconian DRM but years later.Uplay DRM.Too many treasures and feathers to collect. The feathers do unlock a useful item once completed but I had no patience to recollect them all over again. Done it once on the PS3 and thats that!Graphics arent top notch. A few glitches here and there time to time but nothing gamebreaking at least!OVERALLA close to perfect sequel! If you loved the first Assassins Creed game, youll love this one even more. If you disliked AC1, give AC2 a shot, you may like it as it improved upon the weakneses of AC1.RECOMMENDATIONSi! Even if you never played it, Assassins Creed 2 is a very good game.RATING9.0 / 10And now, time to revisit Assassins Creed Brotherhood... 