PROSaddictive completion motivation/lots of collectablesInterestin story/conceptsatisfying assassin/parkour abilitiesCONSCONTROLS UGHa bit dated graphicssome obvious plotholes/glaring flaws with storyboring middle part of gameI picked this up from the recent Assassins Creed sale on Steam. I decided to buy the Ezio collection 2/Brotherhood/Revelations because I never finished 2 on the console years ago. Hearing people claim this to be the best one has me worried for playing future installments as I would barely rate this a recommendation.By far the biggest frustration for me was the controls. As a disclaimer, I played using an Xbox 360 controller. I dont know if it is better using KB/Mouse, but I figured since there is no real aiming needed, and its a console port, a controller is a safer bet. Well, I would say about...80 of the time Ezio did what I wanted him to do. The other 20 I was usually screaming at my monitor saying, WTF are you doing Ezio??!?! The game has a lot of timed sections, as well as tense moments when your fighting with guards. Having Ezio do something you dont want him to do can be REALLY annoying. To extrapolate on this, Im fairly certain I took more damage from falling than from fighting over the course of the entire game.Also the story. There were many times were it was just plain bad. One instance comes to mind is you are met with a problem of you needing a ticket to take a boat. Immediately upon knowing this a woman starts yelling for help she is stuck on an island. You get a boat, and take her back to land. It turns out she just happens to be the owner of the castle? Like wtf? Why is the baroness of the entire area stranded on an island randomly? The entire middle part of the game is just fluff and errands. I feel like the game could have been told in a portion of the time and have done much better. Also in a reation to the story, Ezio felt really lifeless. Aside from the first few hours when his character is built up, the game does nothing to really make you care about him, hes essentially a lifeless killing machine.Thats a lot of negative points. What about the positive? Well the parkour and animations are done well when it works. The game does a good job when it works of making you feel like a badass stealthy assassin. Also, it feels like the classic mechanics that invented it all, the type of fighting and movement systems you see in more recent games Batman and Shadow of Mordor so its fun to experience the grandfather of these type of mechanics.The graphics are also starting to show their age by modern standards. I was delighted to have the game work and look good for its age on my 4k monitor, but the graphics just look bland and foggy. Leftover console port issues Im assuming.Overall, I recommend AC2 to experience the origins of Ezios story, but I will not be doing a second playthrough. It was too frustrating with the controls. 