When the first Assassins Creed game released in November of 2007, it brought with it an entirely new genre that has yet to be replicated. Fighting as an Assassin in the era of the Third Crusade, battling the opposing Templar faction while seeking a legendary religious artifact thats known as a Piece of Eden all the while having a modern story element entwined. Its no surprise that the game exploded into the 12release franchise that we know today. Although the first installment was deemed unique, yet repetitive, 2009s Assassins Creed II raised the bar by attempting to change the formula, while still keeping the base aspects of the series intact.Equipped with a new protagonist and era, players will now find themselves in the robes of Ezio Auditore da Firenze a young Italian whose home lies within Renaissance Italy. The modern day segments, while limited, still revolve around Desmond Miles a bartender who was captured by Abstergo, a corporation that created the hightech piece of equipment known as the Animus that allows its users to relive their ancestors memories. Its revealed that Abstergo, who are actually the current era Templars, chose Desmond in particular as his Assassin ancestors knew the whereabouts to the Apple a Piece of Eden that contains legendary power. Early on, Desmond ends up escaping Abstergo with the help of some current era Assassins, and they hold up in an abandoned warehouse as Desmond continues searching for the highly coveted religious artifact.When you talk to Assassins Creed fans about their favorite character, youre most likely to hear the answer Ezio more often than not. The classy Italian ladies man with a thick accent and lucious locks is undeniably a fan favorite, and it helps that his presence spans the course of three games. Assassins Creed II takes place from 1459, Ezios birth, through 1499, landing the beloved protagonist at age 40 by the end of the title. So as to not give much away about the intricate plot, lets just say that Ezios tale is one of loss, revenge, and acceptance. His father was an Assassin, a fact that was hidden from Ezio until he was about 18 years of age, and from there onward he became part of the historical guild himself.As this franchise is one that is known for its historical accuracy, at least to a point, Renaissance Italy works well within the universe. There are a handful of locations to visit, including a large, sprawling Venice and Florence, as well as many well established landmarks. Along the way, Ezio also meets many well known figures from the era most notably a young Leonardo Da Vinci. As Ezio upgrades his home villa, he can purchase realtolife Renaissance paintings to adorn its walls, and when examined they come with factual tidbits about the pieces. Needless to say, the game is brimming with historical accuracies and educational material, all the while throwing a unique spin on some of the actual events that occured.If youve never played an Assassins Creed game, youre in for a bit of a surprise. The gameplay is unlike any other title on the market, with freeflowing parkour in an open world full of missions and dangers. You will be tasked with climbing to some of the highest points of the game to unlock view points, which subsequently reveal a larger portion of the map afterward, you can perform a signature Leap of Faith off of the top into a bale of hay. In some areas, you will be required to be stealthy and unseen, avoiding guards at all cost. Other times, it doesnt matter and you can go in blades blazing. Now if you have played a game in this franchise before, specifically one of the newer ones, youre going to be frustrated. Assassins Creed IIs climbing system is primitive at best, frustrating at worst, but still not as raw as the original title.Regretfully, there are a few more pain points that extend beyond the climbing mechanics. One is the notoriety system, wherein if a guard sees you commit a crime, your wanted level is raised by a fraction this includes accidentally stumbling into some bumbling idiot carrying a box and making them drop it. To lower your rating, you must remove wanted posters, bribe heralds, or kill officials. If guards see you do any of these things, they will raise your notoriety level back up to where it was, and potentially begin conflict with you. The battle system can also be irritating at times, as its not fluid in any sense of the word its also incredibly dull, leaving it better to avoid conflict at all cost. Despite the array of weapons you can purchase, you will only find yourself using a handful of them throughout the game a good chunk of them are absolutely useless filler.Aside from its 1315 hour campaign, theres a plethora of content to keep gamers busy for dozens of hours if they wish to seek ultimate depth from the title parkour race missions, beat em ups, view points, collectible feathers and symbols, chests to plunder, courier missions, Assassin tombs, Templar lairs, and more. Players can even upgrade Ezios armor, weapons, pouches, and homestead. Full completion never feels like a chore as the beautiful landscapes are enough eyecandy to keep even the most ADD of gamers appeased although the Assassination Contracts can become a bit repetitive after a while.As far as the entire franchise goes, Assassins Creed II is a classic in its own right, and a beloved favorite by many fans of the series. The story is remarkable, the characters are lovable, and the entire experience is extremely memorable. There are a few pain points here and there, such as the outdated and sometimes frustrating climbing system that can take some time to get used to. As well, the amount of idiots carrying boxes that stumble into you, causing you to get in trouble, is ridiculous. Needless to say, there is obvious room for improvement. However, the game runs great on PC, and given its age the graphics arent terribly outdated. If you own a console, I highly suggest picking up The Ezio Collection while the mechanics arent updated, the textures and lighting have been given a breathtaking overhaul, and the game feels brand new once again.The Horror NetworkClick for Gore