Just under a year ago I reviewedwhere I ultimately felt it was... alright... but multiple shortcomings and poor design choices held it back from true greatness. This time around, theyve somehow managed to do almost exactly the same thing but in almost completely different ways. Theyve handled the story very differently, but still havent improved it, theyve tweaked the gameplay but inadvertently only served to highlight its flaws in the process, and theyve given us lots of new toys to play with, but merely replaced one set of inconsequential features for a whole bunch of different ones. Its kind of both impressive and baffling how little actual progress they seem to have made from so much work.The first time around, the story shifted constantly from a future setting to past, exploring a particular family lineage, but it was such a mess of writing, acting and mishandled plot that it was easily the least interesting thing the game ended up doing. This time, the future setting is pushed way into the background and largely just bookends the game and its story, coming across as baggage the developers grudgingly tried to deal with as little and as best they could. To that end, we play as Ezio in 15th century Italy as he is unwittingly drawn into the midst of a dangerous conspiracy, learning of the struggle between Assassins and Templars as they try to shape the players and politics of the day to take over the country, and ultimately the world. Theres more to this as the game makes call backs to the mysterious artefact at the heart of the first game among other things winkwink, but it never feels as grand or as crucial as they probably mean it to be, and just as with the first game, I couldnt bring myself to care about the whys and found myself increasing checked out of the story, my interest having already long since departed way before the anticlimactic end. Only two games into a thirteen game series, Im already done with the lore and wish it wasnt a thing anymore. The kernel of a good idea is tangible, but it frustratingly never seems to become anything more than that.The gameplay fairs little better in its changes. The previous game had three large cities and a large hub area of towns, fields, canyons and various other sights connecting them. There was little to do here, though, so unless you really loved collectathons and sightseeing then you were bang outta luck and just had to endure the trip between main events. Thankfully, the hub area has been removed and were instead given two very large cities, two small cities with surrounding fields and swamplands and your very own town to renovate. Once youre let loose to roam free in these places thats where the fun really begins, and also where the heartache hits, too, as what should be a simple joy becomes a near constant struggle and an increasing source of frustration.My memories of traversal in the first game are good ones, always having a really nice sense of effortless flow to movement. Whether it was leaping across rooftops or scaling up walls, it just felt right, and very rarely did anything bad about it ever come to my attention. Here, however, I literally could hardly go a couple of minutes without encountering some kind of issue. Ezio seems magnetically drawn to damn near every object and you can barely run anywhere near a vertical surface without him trying to automatically leap onto it. Dislodging yourself from anything takes way too long, and he pretty much only jumps from anything in a 90 degree, X or Y axis direction. So, many times I wanted to jump one way but it was impossible because it wasnt aligned exactly with the limited directions he could jump. Add to this the camera that constantly insists on helping you into new angles or straight up removing your control of it completely, plus its annoying sensitivity that was never decent no matter how I adjusted it, or the frequent frame rate stutters, and the whole thing was a neverending battle to control adequately, leaping to my death on several occasions because of the bad camera and jumping/climbing/grabbing system.As with the previous title, the world itself and its scale is the star of the show which impresses most. The fact that theres only brief loading between main areas and cut scenes or missions is something I feel the games probably dont get enough credit for. Ditto with the sound design that really stood out to me on many occasions while theyd largely go unnoticed for me in other games. Visually, most of the areas are very busy, which may make everything a bit of a blur of visual white noise, but I still greatly appreciated the effort once again in crafting such a fully realised world when they probably could have gotten away with less, between the overall layout, texture detail, and abundance of NPC models that fill the world. But, sadly, as with many other aspects, the busyness of the game also worked against it as there was a lot of what I can only think to describe as architectural clutter  basically lots of structures and pieces sticking out of every building in one place or another and getting in your way. Its clear they were placed with the intention of helping you get around faster or more gracefully, but it had the opposite effect on me as Ezio would continuously bump into stuff or grab on to outoftheway objects then take an age to let go of them. It just killed so much of the momentum and pace, and a lot of the fun along with it.Like I said, there are many new features, like upgrading your small fortress town, but aside from some aesthetic changes that you probably wont even notice, rather than unlocking new things, they only generate more money for you. But since its such a nonissue in the game and youll rarely ever find yourself wanting for more, this seemed useless to me. As too where many of the additional weapons and abilities. Again, the combat is a chore. I never felt engaged or threatened, just like Id hit a tedious roadblock to endure rather than enjoy. But one of the most notable additions were tombs, extra challenge areas of sorts where you had to test your agility across obstacle courses and receive a small reward at the end. But, really, all these actually did were remind me of the games main influence once again, Prince of Persia, except not nearly as fun as that masterpiece.For all my moaning about it, again, as with its predecessor, Im rating it up not because I necessarily loved it, but because there isnt enough to truly hate on it. It never infuriates so much or for so long that its ruinous, just occasionally annoying. And really, its worst crime isnt that its bad, just that its kinda dull and never becomes all that it could be. It has one trick that it repeats over and over, that makes it fun for the first five or so hours, but which I was completed done with by hour forty... go some place, climb some stuff, kill a guy, on to the next one. Thats it. I wish every area was its own separate space, in its own time period and with its own character that only he or she would operate within independent of the others. Each would have their own skills or abilities or lack of and would require the player to play differently with each one, switching back and forth as preferred and completing every mission in whichever order they chose. It would mostly kill off the feeling of repetition and maybe even make the cities themselves have a greater sense of functional purpose rather than suspiciously coming across as filler impersonating content. Until that day comes, while Im sure many will adore this, I ran out of enthusiasm for it far sooner than I ever should have. So, maybe dont read this as an endorsement of Assassins Creed 2, so much as a recommendation for Prince of Persia. Seriously, those games are awesome. 