Assassins Creed 2 is a massive improvement over the first game in every single way. The first game lacked so many features that make a game enjoyable and was just a barebones, repetitive experience in my opinion. Assassins Creed 2 has good graphics and great music. The story is interesting with excellent voice acting. Theres actually some really awesome parts and intriguing concepts in there, story wise. Theres quite a lot to do in this game, theres the main story, side missions, viewpoints, codex pages, glypths and finding chests. Theres also actually shops and items now, which is a welcomed addition. The world isnt really open world with a huge map, its more just free roam inside a city with some outskirts, still cool though. The world really feels alive too. After a like an hour you unlock the ability to upgrade the Villa by spending money and collecting things which increase the value and in turn give you income. I LOVED this feature, like seriously. The more you spend on it, the more you get in return over time, its such a great concept.Now some things I didnt like. The climbing and movement still isnt the best, so many times your character jumps off of something when you dont mean to. The combat is average at best. At first it seems really cool with the awesome animations and counter attacks and dodges etc, but it gets old fast, especially against bosses. You basically just either spam, throw an enemy and stab, or stand there and wait for the counter attack. Also if youve got allies you just keep walking up behind and stabbing, I dont know, it doesnt feel fun after awhile, its just boring. I mentioned bosses, but the thing is, theres no real boss battles besides 1 or 2 big bosses but thats it and its just spam them to death. The game also feels quite repetitive after awhile, and after like 60 of the game youll have bought everything and money will mean nothing which sucks. Also the game crashed like 56 times during my playthrough.A few things that are personal opinion, some might like it, others like me, didnt like it at all. Theres no real customizable progression system here. I mean like, sure you unlock more stuff as you play, more tools to use and such, but theres no skill tree or way to change the game to suit your playstyle. Theres also so many super lengthy jumping puzzles that get extremely tedious and frustrating after awhile. The Glypths..... like 80 of the puzzles seem impossible to solve without just random clicking or 200 IQ. I know many would disagree, but I think the stealth is quite poorly done and can be super frustrating, to me atleast. One small little thing and you fail and have to repeat, and unless you know the perfect way to do every stealth mission its just trial and error, which gets annoying.This is quite a small thing, but I dont like playing with subtitles because I feel that I spend too much time looking at/reading them that Im not really watching the scene and feel less immersed, but the game almost forces you to use subtitles. Theres so many times when Ezio and others talks in Italian so unless you got subtitles on youll miss quite a lot of dialogue. One last thing, the map is really laggy, doesnt really matter too much though.Overall I think Assassins Creed 2 is a really solid game. I personally found most enjoyment in this game through the story and upgrading the Villa, everything else didnt really impact me that much.Graphics For its style 8Sound 9Story 8Gameplay 6Replay value depth, amount of content, variety in gameplay 5Overall Rating 7.5/10  Solid, enjoyable game. 