Assassins Creed game series are kind of masterpiece to me.They are nice openworld games with catchy story together with virtualtravelling agency . You can visit beautifuly modeled cities in their most famous times. Living cities.AC2? aka ProsBeautiful graphics, even nowadays. Everything modelled and textured with artistic feeling. Everything fit its place. Real work of architectonics.Dynamic time of day.Streets full of people so one can feel really living city.If you get bored in Venice, just go relax and drive gondola, watch city life mirroring on channel waters between houses during sunset.Very nice audio environment too. Heralds shouting their anounces. People talking each to other. Vendors shouting their offers. Just close your eyes and you can easily be there in those living cities.Main character Ezio runs and jumps same easy and flow as Altair did before him. And it is same fun.Climb or jump EVERYWHERE. Absolute freedom of movement!Combats  id rather avoided conflicts and when it was about fight i just tried run away. And when it really came it was fun. Lot of attacks and combos with counterattacks. Just do your clickityclicks and watch Ezio dance his danse macabre between enemies .Combats II. you think you can run over the rooftops? Beware, guards are able to pursuit you even there.Nice side jobs, eh, assassinations , because what could Ezio better than that. And i loved those boat/ships hijacking, get there unnoticed and do my job.I found or encountered almost no bugs or glitches. aka ConsI HATED FIXED CAMERA and/or AC2 CAMERA OVERALL SO MUCH! sometimes One can very soon got really feel hey, i am console port  i can imagine with gamepad could be playing less frustrating in some parts every time when game switches from player camera to some fixed camera in space etc.. It can get really frustrating even more when you raid some of Templar lairs or Assassins tombs, there are enviromental puzzles, which completing means very often to be fast with Ezio and jump and climb very precise with precise timing. Which icould be hard when you run a wall and suddenly, camera switches to some weir fixed position and because Ezios movement is related to camera it could switch Ezios direction during his movement in no time ... and you finish somewhere else where you shouldnt.Another due to consoleport pain  it is the graphics. It is nice, but no one can really tune it up. In case of shadows and LOD distance even at highest settings one can see popping higher geometry details or drawing shadows in front of his eyes.Also sometimes in combat, mostly in tight streets and/or closed spaces camera does its strange work and ends in tree or in Ezios body so you hardly can see what is happening ... during combat /No one of guards can swim. Just run, run, run and jump into the water, if you can and swim out of area of distraction and you are safe. No one will hunt you on water. Looks strange in rest of almost perfect gameplay and AI behavior. Guards just watches you swim away, eventually shouting and throwing rocks at you .ConclusionSame as AC1 was AC2 has fantasy, but yet very believable and catchy story, decently built on pillars of real historical events. One has a huge opportunity to expand his knowledge during gameplay about parts of history which formed our today euroatlantic civilization. This is what i loved on AC1 and i loved it again in AC2.Very good game with over 50 hours of playtime if you do all side missions/jobs.Looking forward to play next games in AC series. 