Assassins Creed... some call it the CoD of open world games, some call it repetitive yearly crap and some call it The Best Game Evar!!1! Going to say this now, I like the franchise of Assassins Creed, but not as much as I used too. I was a fanboy of the games, I admit. I thought every game in the series were the best things ever. But now Ive become more wise with my games and such and I dont think they are the best games ever, but more a guilty pleasure.... Assassins Creed II is a direct sequel of Assassins Creed. Its a story driven open world game with some social stealth elements and lots of combat. As for the story what AC is knowned for, AC II is good, an improvement over AC I. But like many other games, it felt rushed towards the end and has a ing sequel bait like we need more. It has interesting characters not the best, but interesting and one of the few games were I actually like the main character. Ezio Auditore da Firenze, an Italian plumbplayboy, rich, cocky and charismatic lovable man. I love him and so do a lot of people. How does the gameplay hold up? Well its an improvement over the first game, that is for sure. It follows the same logic, youre an Assassin, heres a contract, now go stab the guy. It is less repetitive than the first instalement. Now you have even more side quests to do, all kinda repetitive, but the Assassination Contracts are always a yes in my book for an Assassins Creed game. The side quests are either go deliver mail you are a banker that delivers stuff at the start of the game beat up a man for cheating on his wife assassinate a Templar enemy of the Assassin assossiate or you race someone across the map. The combat has become easier, now instead of waiting and countering everyone, you can wait, counter and shoot them! I swear, every installement of AC makes you have more and more weapons to use, its too much for me. The game is really easy, a little too easy at points. You can purchase better weapons and armor in the game with money trust me, you will have way too much cash, which makes the game easier. Is the world good? Yes, you have more places to go to than AC 1 and you go to Venezia, I love Italy and I want to give AC II a big kiss for placing this game there. The game did not age well compared to the other instalements. It still sort of look good to me, but it is poorly executed at times, its laughable at points i.e right after you get hidden blades, the scene makes me laugh every time how bad it is. The stealth in the game is different from the first game, and its better. You can blend in crowds instead of praying everywhere you go. The more bad actions you do, the more the guards will notice you etc... Is it the best game in the series, I do not know. I dont know which one I prefer, Assassins Creed II or Assassins Creed Brotherhood. AC II is more an AC game, but I did spend over 600 hours into ACB on xbox...In the end, its a really good game, I like it a lot. But it is not the best game ever I thought it was. Good story, good world, easy but fun combat and it has Ezio, cant argue on that. I give it a 8.5/10