Graphics Not bad overall. They are outdated and there are issues with overlapping and how clothing folds, but for the time, they were pretty great.Music Some of it, especially the theme for some of the cities, felt very chiptuneesque. I felt like some of them, especially Florence, could have been made in Spore however, it did have atmospheric music when you became notorious and good cinematic music.Cinematics The cinematics were... not amazing. They were good, certainly. Some were impressive, but nothing that would make a person go wow unless they were deep in game.Story Not bad! In fact, it is one of the chief redeeming qualities of this game. I always like a game with a good storyline, and Assassins Creed 2 delivered it. In fact, the story was why I kept playing. If you are looking to just buy Assassins Creed 2 without having played 1, I would suggest at least looking at a synopsis of AC1. This is a continuation, and it improved drastically from the first game.Content Overall very unique and fun... for a little bit. If you want to get a perfect 100 playthrough of this, prepare for some slogging. The main storyline is very fun and interesting, if a bit overly difficult at times, but the side quests and the collecting just got boring eventually. But then again, I can only take so much collecting myself as a personal preference. Take this with a grain of salt. If you love collecting, the content will not be an issue for you.Controls This is where the game drops me. The controls could have been great. They could have been. It was obvious a lot of coding went into them and a lot of work went into building this game, but.... It was so difficult to control my character at times. Whenever I would try to sit on a bench after escaping the guards, I would just climb right up, once again losing another valuable hiding spot. When I tried to stay hidden and out of sight of guards by climbing on the railing underneath them, Ezio the main character would pull himself up, giving way to the guards and losing the mission again.Gameplay Fun, but... frustrating as hell sometimes. Dont get me wrong, the combat is amazing. That gets a full 10/10 from me. Sometimes I would go pick fights with guards just for the dynamic combat, because that is so much fun. But... just.... ehhh....... There would be levels where I just wanted to delete the game and possibly everything on my computer because they were so difficult. I had to look up walkthroughs for two of them. The mechanic of not being seen on missions gets taken to the extreme. You cannot be detected at all. Under any circumstances. Even if you kill a guard immediately after he detects you and nobody else has seen. Never. This creates some very upsetting situations. I am still mad about some of them  THE MISSION PORT AUTHORITYOverall Would I recommend others play it? Absolutely. The story and the combat makes up for everything that is done badly. Would I play it again? Absolutely not. They do not make up for my intense, intense anger at some of those frustrating situations. In any case, it is a good addition to the AC franchise, and Im excited to play AC Brotherhood. 