Oh how I love this game. This game is a reminder of how good games used to be. If you havent played the assassins creed series befor, definately pick them up. Although the reecent entrys have been meh at best this one was and still is amazing.Although the freerunning mechanics seem somawhat cluncky in this game they are still fun to use, although frustrating at times. when you arent under pressure by any timed stuff the freerunning can be a joy and fun to use. The only time it gets annoying is when you have to chase someone of do something thats timed. If your camera and jostick arent in the exact spot you want to go, if its even a millimeter off, you can kiss your shins good by as you do a full 90 degree jump off into the abyse below. If you are chasing someone, expect to run up and jump over everything you dont want to as Ezio automatically decides to run up a wall you wernt aiming for ro to jump off to the left eventhough you were running forward to jump to the other roof.The story for the time was very intreaguing and kept me hooked. I orriginally owned this on the PS3 and i played it over and over again and loved it. The game is long and full of action and stabbing people. The game provides what the title says.My only issue with the game other than randomly jumping off of stuff to meet my death is memory sequence 12 and 13. Orriginaly this was dlc and wasnt included in the game for some reason, but with this being the actual full game it is included. Yet for some reason it felt really shoe horned in. you get to explore  anew district but only for like 5 minutes and all it is there for is to explain how Ezio got a map. just for clarification sequence 12 and 13 a broken memoriesFor me it just made no sence what so ever and kinda killed the flow of the game.The other think that kinda kills the game are the colectables and lack of achevements. the colectables are there for you to unlock stuff. so when you colect 50 feathers you get a weapon itsand buthe time you have colected 50 of them youd have gotten Altairs sword and when you get 100 feathers you get the auditore cape that makes you notorious constantly. this is where the absence of achevements comes in. On the consoles there are achevements and there is purpose to these things other than to increace your play time. On pc its pointless. By the time you have aquired this cape there is no point in plying anymore purely for the fact you would have done everytihng. It seemes ted.iousThe only other down side is Uplay. If the servers are down expet to not be able to play this game. seriously uplay and ubisoft its self are the only things that make this and other gamesto play.All in all id say get this game and enjoy it. Its a fantastic game and definately worth your time.11/10 would Udontplay again Seriously Ubisoft. GET YOURTOGEATHER! 