Here is the second part of theseries, with a new protagonist and even a new historical era for us to discover. After Medieval Middle East in the first game, Renaissance Italy sure is a livelier place and a time period to experience. But not without the infamous cloak and dagger politics either. Boy, was all these a great improvement over the first title! In means of story, things are just getting started and in means of gameplay, Ubisoft learned from experience and managed to set the bar higher.So, what happens after Desmonds realization that the war between assassins and templars never ended? Well, I warn you that next two paragraphs will contain spoilers concerning the first game, so if you are yet to play the original title and willing to do at some point, skip this part. At the end of our previous game, Desmond and Lucy broke out of the Abstergo lab, with the revelation Lucy was an assassin all along. Now, they are staying low in an assassin hideout, while a team works with a new version of Animus on Desmond, to try and find information concerning other Pieces of Eden, buried deep within Desmonds memories. As various clues we have gathered at the end of the previous chapter implied, we skip a generation to arrive Renaissance Italy in out memory line to track the next Piece of Eden, and as a result, we are introduced with a new ancestor of Desmond Ezio Auditore de Firenze.Series of memories here in this chapter, covers Ezios lifespan from his birth till his midforties, portraying a story of betrayal, vengeance, acceptance and frustration as the end reveals a grander bite than poor Ezio ever bargained for. Soon after our story starts, the young Florentine noblemans mischief and debauchery comes to a sudden end with a persecution, that will change his life forever. From there on, he vows to hunt parties responsible for the tragedy that befall on him, and we accompany him as he proceeds with it. After silent, stubborn and arrogant Altair Ezio is a contrasting protagonist, with a Mediterranean sense of humor and a taste for all kinds of earthly delights, yet also the meticulous, with a libertarian outlook that all assassins share. Whom would I prefer? Well, I think Im still an Altair gal at this point, but well be together with Ezio for two more games, so that can change.The setting is Renaissance Italy, and we travel through and between Florence and Venice, witnessing the rise and fall of Medici and Borgia families, decades in between. Cities are bustling with all kinds of arts, wonderous examples of Renaissance architecture and various discoveries of engineering. As another trademark of AC series, we are to encounter many historical figures, either as allies or foes and live a part of history itself under an exciting conspiracy twist. All characters are impressively fleshed out, with their own accurate backgrounds and agendas. The cityscapes are well used in this one too, with genuine landmarks and every scene is another opportunity for a breathtaking screenshot.The gameplay itself improved considerably too, with countless side quests to deal, parkour missions to run, assassination contracts to accept, assassin tombs to discover, templar vaults to raid and a good deal of collectibles that actually serve various purposes upon their completion! There are also imprints left by the previous subject of experiment labeled as the truth for us to discover the origin of all this conflict. Upon discovery, these clues present us some really complicated, yet well thought puzzles, deciphering bits of information about assassin and templar involvement in history! As another bonus of the gameplay, money is introduced, so you can look for treasure, rob your defeated foes, accumulate an income and rebuild your family villa in Monteriggioni  and even adorn your halls with famous artworks of the era too. Sure, there are a couple of downsides to the game, like most weaponry that we will encounter providing little to no improvement aside a couple chosen ones, or climbing AI still being ridiculously clumsy  but nothing that would break your immersion. At the end of the day, you are in for hours of gameplay which you wouldnt be bored of, not even for a second.If you are yet to experienceseries, this is a good enough place to start, covering the basics of the previous game and improving upon it in means of playability. This is where things get interesting, revealing the centuries long conspiracy a bit more. Well see more of Ezio to come in the second part of Ezio Trilogy  and see what else fate stores for the beloved Renaissance assassin.Please also check out Lady Storytellers Curator page follow for regular updates on reviews for other games! 