I really wanted to like AC2. Having heard great things about the series, I chose this as my starting point and was a bit disappointed.There are so many poor development choices here, and Im really hoping theyre addressed in other AC games because Id like to try at least one more out. But here are my criticisms1 The game uses Uplay, which sorta sucks. I thankfully havent had a lot of the issues some of the other reviews here have had with it, but I did run into issues on initial startup some Uplay files deleted themselves and I needed to reinstall it, for example2 Freerunning..while its pretty awesome and can be at times fantastic, there have been a lot of situations where Ezio just did the stupidestand really frustated me. Trying to jump off a roof towards a hay stack and for some reason jumping two feet out onto the cold hard floor and dying. Trying to drop two feet onto a balcony to get a treasure chest and INSTEAD jumping 30 feet down into a haystack. Trying to catch someone on a rooftop and jumping slightly too far off to a side instead of onto a little foothop. You get the drift. In a game where you need to be swift and precise the precision just doesnt feel there quite a bit of the time...Not that often, but often enough that it gets frustrating. Along with that, the puzzles arent even really puzzles, but more of a can you look around and then hold the freerunning button in the correct direction.3 Combat is atrocious. Foes are constantly blocking and sometimes counter you which doesnt hurt you much, so there isnt really any reprecussion so you have to whittle down their health tediously or just sit around waiting for them to attack so you can counter, which sometimes barely hurts them. Allies hit each other had a quest character hurt another one 3/4 of her health. Stealth killing sometimes launches you off roofs when you just wanted to look cool..Also random posts get in the way when you drop in for stealth kills. Why wouldnt it just make me jump differently so the stealth kill worked? Who knows.4 You cant switch weapons or armor without going back to your main villa. This is stupid as hell. If I buy a weapon that is worse than my old one just so I have everything bought why do I automatically equip it and why do I have to go all the way to a transport station so I can get back to the main villa, go to the equipment room, and reequip my better weapon/armor? So stupid.Some of the dialogue is just laughable you need outlets Ezio I have outlets OTHER THAN S haha lol and the plot is a little contrived. Id much rather just have the plot center around Ezio and not have the simulation aspects also the decoded video segments are ridiculous looking and stupid in my opinion. Following people around for missions is boring. Money comes way too easy and youll have more than you ever need after you start upgrading the villa. Theres no sense of tension since you can heal yourself at any time.The game isnt all bad of course. Theres still some fun to be had and theres plenty to do and collect. It just seems really pointless at times...theres enough playtime here that youll probably get your moneys worth, theres just plenty of better things you could be doing or playing.