I Played Assassins Creed 2 for the Homework. Assassins Creed 2 is an amazing game and was released on the 4th of March 2010 and for how long ago that may seem, it is still a highly enjoyable and diverse game.I really liked the graphics of the game as they are very detailed and true to life, the lighting and shadows are very exact and they work to perfect detail on everything everywhere in the game. The Story is very detailed and, to an extent, historically accurate. The game idea is unique and the development of games takes about an average 9 months per game so far. The weapons and the map is not too difficult to overcome but does have some challenging parts in certain parts which I think is good as it adds to the reality of VeneziaVenice.The Bad points about the games are the slight glitches in it such as it being difficult for a guy with a huge axe to kill an unarmed noble man, even when he is the mission target. Also, the awkward placing of places over the other side of an entire city is ridiculous and unnecessary. All it does is take up a lot of your time and moist people dont have the time to waste on trivial matters such as that. They could have just implemented fast travels to the viewpoints like that had in all the games prior to that and released it in a update.The Graphics as I said was really impressive and true to life. This really immersive you in the game and makes it easier to play and understand than other, not as quality games like TF classic and Halflife 1. The music matches the setting and what is happening around you and it really makes you feel and empathetic link with Ezio as if you were actually there. The Cinematic are impressively done but personally I dislike the cut scenes where you can still move around and interact as I feel that it limits what happens in the cut scene as you are also in the game world. Overall though, they are really good. The Controls were easy to manage and made sense when you actually got into the game. So I dont understand why they didnt continue them past Assassins Creed Revelations but hey, they are still easy to use. The Gameplay is smooth and precise. The characters dont just instantly stop when the stop running they slow down and the animation for that is true to life. It is things like that that really just do it for me. Over all I would say that it is a really good game and I would really recommend it.The game is truly a triumph in gaming of its time and a true marvel to play, even now. SERIOUSLY RECCOMMENDED!!! ! 