7 years ago something glorious and astonishing came between us which is called Assassins Creed II and im about to review this. Assassins Creed II is the crown jewel of Assassins Creed series forever. Still this couldnt be beaten by other Assassins Creed titles. Because Assassins Creed II unbolted an intensive story and a charismatic character. Now let me share my thoughts on just a few aspects.Assassins Creed II captures the story of one of the most charismatic assassin called Ezio Auditore Da Firenze. The story presents the origins of a Florentine nobleman who becomes an assassin. His every quest makes him more wise and efficient fighter. But all of a sudden his only aim becomes revenge and justice. So this is how youre gonna experience the life of a Florentine nobleman or an enraged assassin. I loved how they presented that what actually makes him an assassin from a prodigal person. Not just an assassin but generous and kind person. Also his journey was quite longer than i predicted. Like unpredictible sequences and countless conspirators around him. So thats what makes the story more intensive.Assassins Creed II holds very simple gameplay. Like simplistic combat mechanism, parkour and other features. Actually i didnt really like the combat mechanism. Cause of counter attacks and executions but i loved all those assassination skills and moves. Besides, i was really fond of parkour. Cause i was able to parkour spontaneously without any deficiency which i get in those Assassins Creed titles of nowadays. Also controls are pretty flowing and comfortable. So definitely the gameplay was really amusing for me.Actually Assassins Creed II has very improved visuals than Assassins Creed I. Like world design got more sheer and characters looks more detailed. But as you know we are saying about a title which was released 7 years ago. So you know the drill.Without any deficiency, I got flawless performance on Intel Core i5 4590, R9 390 STRIX and 6GB Ram. But i had to go through some unwanted crashes. Besides, i havent found any error, bug nor stuttering. So i got nothing to yammer about it.Assassins Creed II brought the most glorious and excellent background score called Ezios Family. Even the Assassins Creed Origins has its version of Ezios Family to honor those memories of Ezio Auditore. Most of the titles got different versions of Ezios Family. So i guess you know how much intensive that music is. Besides, Assassins Creed II has absolute illustrious OST. So humble thanks to Jesper Kyd for those.So peeps, Assassins Creed II worths much more than it costs to get when most of the 59.99 titles fails to impress you. If youre still not experienced with it then just get it now and i personally guarantee you that you wont be melancholy with it.