There is so much to like in this game, a lot of things to explore and enjoy.The Main Character is really cool and following him over the course of years and witnessing his personal growth is a very rewarding experience.The Gameplay is much more varied than in AC1. Especially when you enter Venecia, it evolves again in a lot of ways that you didnt expect.The Story is one of vengeance, thus it already is cool by definition. You follow Ezios quest to avenge the demise of his family, while rebuilding an existence, it just draws you in.However, there are points in this game, where I was just frustrated.The side characters are fine, as long as youre presently interacting with them. When youre finished with their quests, they simply vanish, only to be seen again at the end, at which point I was actually asking myself, who were these guys again? So yeah, rather forgettable and especially annoying in the case of your uncle Mario who has the funniest line in the game, who basically gives you his house to live in and is never seen again.The controls are mostly fine, but there are points in this game, for example when youre supposed to follow a fleeing templar and kill him before he alerts his mates, when you just want to curse and throw away your controller, because Ezio just made another jump into the unknown depths of wherever you did not want to go. As I said, for the most part, its fine, but it gets annoying sometimes. Another nice example is trying to tail someone unseen, on the rooftops, like a cool assassin, trying to drop on a ledge below, instead jumping on the person you were supposed to follow.But the thing that annoyed me most was the fact that this game just... does... not... end.Its really excessive in its length, towards the end, there are at least two hours of storyline that give nothing to the story and in parts consist of extremely annoying quests. When I came to Venecia, I figured I was about halfway through the game, I had my Villa all set up, was at maybe 60 with the sidequests. Actually, it was maybe a third, and not all of that rest of the game was good.Still, I recommend the game to anyone, it is a lot of fun and has really cool moments.