My thoughts on this game can be summed up by one sentence It is simple to a somewhat large fault, fairly efficient and honestly very enjoyable... when it clicks.Lets start out with the simple part The game is simple. If you are new to gaming, it may seem hard at first, but after about 10 hours this game becomes largely childs play. The combat is very easy, with numerous overpowered weapons and tactics that largely make the weapon counter system largely useless. While the combat doesnt get too stale mostly because you breeze through battles and confrontations so swiftly, its certainly not a high mark of the game.Additionally the AI isnt that smart, nor numerous to be a threat except late in the game when you can heal yourself an insane amount of health and have tactics and weapons that make their numbers worthless. Its a shame this game didnt come with a difficulty level feature, because with more enemies, smarter enemies, and more damage dealt from attacks the combat could have been much more exciting.Now for the efficient part, this game just gets things right. The locales are beautiful, fairly large, and filled with quite a few cool places to explore. Overall the world in Assassins Creed II is great. They also capture the Era in a really fun way. On top of that, they took out some of the most broken aspects of the original Assassins Creed, namely making the easy dagger kills harder, cutting the pray hiding option, and making enemies do more expansive searches and use more kinds of moves. The mission pace and structuring is also way better. No longer do you have to do terribly stale minigame tasks to get to the insanely fun assassination missions. Instead you do actually productive things to lead to the assassinations. The only mandatory task that may get boring are the following missions, but thats only if you play a lot of Assassins Creed. Those felt more drawn out by latter iterations though.Lastly, for the very enjoyable part, the feel of the game is just really freaking cool. Its fun to do so many just basic stuff. Fun is something I find sadly missing in a lot of games, but Assassins Creed definitely is not one of those games. Basic fun things that are fun to do including travelling, climbing, walking, starting fights, doing any of the variety of side quests, messing with NPCs of all factions, playing with weapons, or getting cool kills. Additionally, while simple and far from a full plot as the multiple sequels should indicate, the plot is fairly fun and good as well. The characters were generally pretty good, aside from some of the modern day characters.Now, there are two main issues to be brought up to prevent enjoyment from reaching that next level. I define that next level in gaming as the point when good fun meets good game design to make a great experience. That to me is truly what makes classic, must play games, of which Assassins Creed II is not of that caliber. There are two main issues that prevent that level of enjoyment and experience to being met AI and Game Difficulty.All of the AIs are lacking in intelligence. The AI follows a very linear path and thinking process when you are engaged with them. Its easy to catch how they respond and manipulate it to make the game way too easy. You can use these loopholes to escape or win any confrontation without trying too hard. This ease of abusing and beating the AI takes away the fun difficulty in the game a lot of the time, and it makes beating the AI seldom feel like an accomplishment.Lack of difficulty is partially a result of the AI issues previously mentioned, but its a more grand combination of many game design flaws in Assassins Creed II. One example is the money flow in the game. If you invest money in your Vila, you get money back... at an insane pace.Another issue in the game design and difficulty of the game is the defense. You get tons of bars of health from armor and completing missions/Codex pages to where it takes about a dozen hits to die sometimes . Add in the fact you can carry double digit potions that can heal half of the max health obtainable, and you can survive up to around 50 attacks. Considering how bad the AI is, that makes you essentially invincible. Offense is similarly overpowered. Many weapons are not just easy to abuse, but your melee weapons in particular are usually fast, powerful, and/or good at breaking through shields or armor. This makes defeating enemies even easier. This combination of overpowered defense and offense makes it nearly impossible to die unless you fall or just dont know what you are doing at all in combat.This ease of combat difficulty is a shame, because if this game had more combat difficulty and forced you into situations with few if any easy outs and many hard outs, some of the moments that kind of clicked could have reached that divine level of gaming where you just lose yourself in the difficulty and fun of the game having perfect syngergy, which is something only the exploration and harder climbing tasks initially ever tend to do.In summary Assassins Creed II is in most ways a huge step up from Assassins Creed I. Gone is the filler, and instead we are given a fresh new plot, a smarter stealth system, more awesome tools and techniques, and an overall refined and redefined Assassins Creed experience. While Assassins Creed II misses the mark on several design concepts namely game balance and difficulty, specifically for combat, its simply fun throughout with few points of the game where that stops being the case. That fun allows the replay value to make beating the game 100 enjoyable, but is more limited in later game replays at quite a few spots of the game. Assassins Creed II does a lot of things right and a few things great, and occasionally does things incredibly well. The lack of consistent greatness via a few game design flaws is ultimately prevents the Assassins Creed IIs experience from reaching that level of gaming, but even with those flaws this game is still a blast to play.I would recommend fans of open world, adventure game, and action game fans at least try this game at least once.Note that before you read my rating, my scale is measured to rate games based on how good they are, not how bad they are. Instead of rating 7 as Average like IGN or other reviewers, 1 is average, and anything below that is a 0. IGN will only give you 3 ratings based on how good a game is, but I will give you 9 to truly separate the good from the great, and the great from the alltime best video games ever.My rating system goes 0 Bad, 1 Average, 2 Somewhat Good, 3 Mostly Good, 4 Undeniably Good, 5 Somewhat Great, 6 Mostly Great, 7 Undeniably Great, 8 Somewhat an Alltime Game, 9 Mostly an AllTime Amazing Game, 10 Undeniably an AllTime GameOverall the rating I give Assassins Creed II is a 7/10. For this price especially with the Deluxe Edition content it is an exceptionally good deal.