Considering this game is quite a few years old now, Im probably looking at this from a different perspective than most. But in Summary, its a good, almost great port for PC.First the GoodThis games graphics have aged pretty well. Not totally, but enough where it ever bothered me. I understand the time it came from, so just have an open mind if youve never played this game before. Its more colorful than the first game. Textures and models still look good. Character models are a little dated but not too bad.There is plenty of content, most of which is compelling and/or fun enough to actually bother with. You can do anything from races to assassination contracts to collecting feathers to even flying with Da Vincis invention just for fun. You can look for hidden loot, do the assassins tomb side quests which are great fun and grant you Altairs armor after you do all six, to courier missions, to taking down thieves and runners.The main story is very interesting, and you start out, once youre in the Animus, as Ezio as a baby, so you practically see Ezios entire life unfold. The story is more character driven than paying attention to the big picture, which really isnt at the forefront until almost near the end of the game. Youll go to many different historic locations in Italy as the story unfolds.The game difficulty is relatively easy, so its accessible to new Gamers. It never felt overly easy where I felt bored, though, and by the end of the game it brought on a decent challenge, as it brings about everything youve learned and gained to full circle. The AI is also decently balanced and well programmed with some exceptions, as when in need to be stealthy, they wont unfairly spot you... most of the time.Now the BadThe controller input was a huge pain to set up. Its weird really, it recognized that I was using an XBox One controller literally, it didnt think it was a 360 controller but inputs are read as Button 1, Button 2, etc. So they were a pain to set and often I had to go back and change them because they still felt uncomfortable. The controls in the HUD are also not identified as A, B, X, Y, etc. instead they are identified as symbols, which gets very confusing until you use them after a few hours and commit them to memory.On top of that, the camera can screw up a jump incredibly easily, or if Ezio isnt positioned right at times hell jump in the complete opposite direction you wanted him too and either die, get found, or lose a lot of health. This got annoying but not to the point where I wanted to stop playing.Also... Uplay. This is a negative because of how weird it acts. A few times Uplay crashed on me, sometimes it wouldnt start up the game, other times it actually froze my computer. Also its mandatory to have it run to play this game.Now the not so badThis is almost like a feature The series as a whole is known for their glitches, but there are glitches galore, but never to the point of game breaking and usually they end up being really funny. The AI will push each other, sometimes dead bodies spaz out, at one point my target accidentally killed itself, etc. Sometimes it ended up costing me, like there is some collision detection issues when assassinating guards on the edge of a roof, but sometimes I would end up having them stuck in the wall with their legs hanging out, so I got a good laugh from that.All in All I highly recommend this if you missed out, as youre in for a real treat. Returning players who lost/sold their console versions can have this as a good alternative if they have a moderately decent computer, even if they may have trouble setting up the controls on a gamepad. 