Assassins Creed 2 is the direct sequel to the first Assassins Creed game, a 3rd person stealth combat game that improved over its predecessor in every way. The main improvement is its NOT repetitive. There are many more mission types. The cities are so much bigger and more vibrant. There is an economy where you can earn money and spend it on upgrades. The people are more interesting and real, including Ezio himself. The sounds of battle and cities are as real as they can be.Your hero is Ezio Auditore, a young Italian noble. Whereas in the first Assassins Creed, you were the main protagonist Altar based in Damascus, Jerusalem, and Acre. Ezios sort of cross between Nathan Drake, Casanova, and Batman. The story ignoring the bits outside the Animus is a great revengeconspiracy plot set through over 20 years of Ezios life. While I wont pretend all the characters are memorable, theyre all played with personality and wit and the voice actors never strike a false note.The gameplay is also MUCH more fun and more varied than AC1. Gone are the investigation bits of an assasination but added are more storybased, actionpacked missions for you to work through up to your assassinations. These, again are fun and each mission you go on feels completely unique to the one before it. Even the optional assassinations have more rules and complexities as you work through them.Also, it easily has one of the best soundtrack. The music is not only original and cool, it changes perfectly to match the action in the game chase scenes, flying, hiding etc.Pros Platforming elements are extremely polished and satisfying climbing is simple in practice and is competently animated Environments are large, detailed and absolutely gorgeous renaissance Italy is wonderfully detailed and makes for some astonishing setpieces Voiceacting is competent and onpar with the original UI, though it breaks the immersion a bit, is practical and aesthetically pleasing Bissfully short loadtimes games engine runs smoothly and efficiently Myriad collectibles and viewpoints to unlock, scattered throughout the world Animations are fluid and wellhandled by the games engine Assassinations are as fun as ever, with a plethora of additional features and options not seen in the first installment There is now a currency system, and a theft mechanic to compliment it this can be used to upgrade arms and armor, which is exceptional in terms of aesthetics Missions and side missions are entertaining to play through, and enjoy a bit more variation that the original installment could boast Interesting plot, which does well to continue that of the first game dialogue, too, is moderately wellwritten Can renovate and upgrade home cityCons Requires you to have UPlay and a consistent internet connection Not much of a replayability factor after you finish the gameTLDR8.5/10Game is leap and bounds above its original title, where in the first you would have to scan an entire area then go on to the next, rinse and repeat, as well as have repetitive combat lead to a very mundane boring game even though it had an amazing plot. Its improved on in every aspect of the game. Added with motivational points to strive towards to achieve certain things such as Altairs armor and upgrading your home, theres plenty of things to not get bored in this game about.