So after rediscovering this series with Assassins Creed 4, Ive decided to play through all the main games in the collection until Ive caught up with where the series is at now. I wont be reviewing the first Assassins Creed game because I played it on console, but for the rest of the games I believe Ill be playing them through Steam. So starting with Assassins Creed 2.Well for one, I know that this is the game that turned a lot of people onto the series, which is probably why they decided to make three of them in this setting.My first impressions of the game were, well they were pretty bad. This is a pretty terrible PC port. The controls on mouse and keyboard were terrible, and too confusing to customize to a way I liked. This surprised me since the default controls for AC4 were really fluid and intuitive.So, I thought, ok then, Ill play with a controller. Which is something I almost never do for PC games, but I figured, thats what this game was built for, and so itll probably work better. Wrong. The controller support for this game is utterly broken as well. However, if you check out the community hub for this game, you can find a fanmade patch for the controller support that fixes things.It still wasnt perfect, but it definitely worked a lot better after that and the game became playable.Despite the controls and graphics being less accomodating than what I was used to with AC4, I did still enjoy the game a lot.The Assassins Creed series benefits from having some really easy, yet satisfying parkour mechanics, and they just feel good to use no matter what game youre playing. When they work at least.Different from AC4, this game focuses much more heavily on the assassinations, and really feels like what I assume most people think of as an Assassins Creed game.If you can get the gameplay to work the way you want then youll probably have a lot of fun with running and stabbing your way around Renaissance Italy.Some stuff this game does well is the variety of locations. All the different regions of Italy really feel different to me, and the item collection is pretty solid this time around. I actually think this game handles the item collection better than AC4 because everything you collect is added to your Villas overall appearance and value, and collecting everything of a certain item type usually leads to a bigger reward. In my opinion this is actually handled much better than the Pirate Hideout in AC4 but at the same time, I wish there was more interactivity with the Villa in this game. I wish they couldve made it feel more like a home, maybe added some customization features, etc. and possibly a more direct way to get there.Overall the story is pretty good, it involves a lot of backstabbing Italian nobles, a corrupt Pope, ancient mystical artifacts, and a few loveable characters like Leonardo da Vinci. Who is portrayed like an adorable nerd in this game. One point though. Machiavelli was supposed to be a Renaissance era political genius. But he doesnt really doin this game. I dont see why the Assassins keep him around.Get past the controls and youll find this is a pretty fun game. Although my vote would still have to be for AC4 as the best Assassins Creed game Ive played so far.On to Brotherhood next, which Im a little wary of because it looks like more of the same. but still Im looking forward to diving deeper into this series.