.was released infor PC byhowever, it was previously released in Q4 2009 for PS3/X360. Back when I first played it, I didnt know what to expect mainly because the first Assassins Creed game was interesting, but very poorly executed, but since the media was giving so much praise, why not try it? What I found was one of what I consider the best games of the previous generation.Lets begin talking about the technical part . The game, and in scenes with lots of NPCs and things happening, I could feel that the game was runningof course I will let my PC specs later to give an idea, and I cant say that the graphics still good, theyre acceptable, but most of time, if you take a more close look you will see that a lot of textures are in low resolution. Anyway, the game offer options to customize the graphics if youre running in a not so powerful machine, and from what I remember, it scalate pretty well in older systems..Now, about the story. It will be hard, but let me try do it in the more fast and understandable wayBack in the crusades, there was two factions fighting, the Assassins and the Templars. Assassins wanted to achieve peace for the mankind by giving people freedom, while templars wanted to control people with extremely powerful artifacts of an ancient civilization, because for them it was the only way to achieve peace and a perfect world. Things happened between that time and now 2010  2011, and those artifacts are now lost. However, a corporation called, that is controlled by Templars discovered a method to find those artifacts , and so, they developed, a machine who could. And then, they captured, an Assassin that had escaped from his family and was living without any connection with them as a bartender.Things happened, we now retrieved his memories from Altair, an edgy assassin that was the main character of the first game and now, because of those things that happened, were going to retrieve another guy past, but this time is not only for the info on the artifacts, but also to train Desmond . Anyway, during the game, we will not follow much of Desmond story, so we are going to now talk about its ancestor that is also my favorite character in the entire series.was a young italian guy from 15th century, doing young italian guy things, he had a happy family, two brothers, a father and mother, and one sister, but then pretty bad things happen and he need to get away from his house and city with his sister and mother, so he run away to, and his plan was to stay there for sometime and then go away from all that. However, some other things happen, and he decide to help his uncle to fight against some bad guys. And then for some motive he decides to stay there with his family,. Then he go and begin to hunt down who made the bad things that made him run away in first place, and then he enter in the Assassin order, discover that his true enemy is now the Pope, and go hunt him too. Not in this exact order.Now, talking about the gameplay. During your gameplay, you will expend most of your time on Animus, since its the main part of the game.. Initially, you will have open access of the parts of those cities that you have unlocked so far, and you unlock more parts of the cities doing story missions, but in free mode you can go search for treasures, do side missions or just explore the cities. You also have money, however, the most powerful armor can be only adquired doing side missions, where you search for things to unlock Altair armor, in those side quests, you need to use your skills to go up in places, sometimes with a time limit, theyre like puzzles based on skill. I didnt have much problems other than controls, and even then I didnt have to try more than 3 times to get at some place, other side missions include. You also will have some collectibles likeand some Animus bugs left by the last guy who they used the machine.,. This all I need to say about it, I think.Control wise,, and I played with a keyboard and mouse setup. Playing with this may give you some problems to get up in some places or do some more advanced parkour, but its not too bad. The combat is also fluid, but it kinda get repetitive in late game, unless you decide to be creative and use the entire arsenal that Ezio have and things like it. You dont need to, but its cool and add some diversity than just kill people with swords.Now, about its soundtrack, theres not much to say,. Composed by, it just add so much to the game, likewhile someone is pursuing you. Its so good.So, this is it. The Ezio story will go on in the two following games, Brotherhood and Revelations, and in a short movie that tell what happened with him after those two.8.0/10