Assassins Creed 2  takes place after the events of first game, Desmond is still in Abstergo prison when suddenly Lucy came to rescue him. After rescuing Desmond she relocates him in one of the secret assassin hideouts. This time Desmond must go inside animus once more and locate and aquire the apple of eden and become a true assassin through the memories of Ezio Audotore. Ezio is florentine nobleman who lived during the renaissance. At the age of 17 he witnessed his father and two brothers being executed which forced him, his sister and mother to flee to Tuscany, Moteriggioni at Villa Auditore. After learning about his heritage from, his uncle Mario, Ezio began his assassin training and set on his quest for vengeance against templar order, and their master Rodrigo Borgia who ordered the execution. Even though the game follows the cliche of muh revenge its still pretty good story and gameplay wise plus you get to visit many iteresting locations like Venice and Florence and meet interesting characters of that time including Leonardo Da Vinci.The gameplay in first installment wasnt really polished, but in AC2 controls are responsive and movement is fluid. The animations are smooth, wide variety finishing blows and finally you get to chose what weapons  and armor you equip. You also have new tools to make your assassinations easier and more interesting like double hidden blade, pistol, poison blade and now you can fight with hidden blade and wont get pushed back and lose HP like in the first game. I also enjoyed the assassin tombs which where rather interesting and rewarding. Once finished all tombs you get Altairs armor as a reward for your work. What I really hated is lack of stealth in this game, considering the first game clearly established how assassins operate theyre never seen or heard and kills only key target. I also disliked how guards were guarding seemingly uninportant locations which does no good to the series and breaks immersion. Overall its pretty fun to play but could be better polished with more possibilities like stealth for hardcore fans.The only downside I can think of is cancer named uPlay. When I purchased the game there was no mention in store page about 3rd party software. It is really annoying to punish paying customers by making trilions of accounts just to play one game. In this case its Uplay. I dont know why I am required to register ANOTHER account just to play a game I already purchased on steam, dont make me use another platform. It is the only downside of the game, the DRM so if youre OK with purchasing it on steam and then adding it on Uplay go ahead. Its experience you dont want to miss out on. 8/10 