7/10 maybe 6.5/10.This is entirely my opinion, if you disagree thats fine. I wrote this review immediately after completing the game in late 2012.Bottom lineDrags on  ALOT, repetitive combat, tedious platforming sections, good story after its passes the initial cliche revenge story.The game is a great improvement over the first but it sure has its flaws, its not full price anymore so definitely worth buying/playing.Whats GoodMuch improved combat from AC 1 in terms of weapons and guards to fight Lights, Mediums, heavies, agiles and archers which are lights anyway.Being able to use the hidden blade in regular combat as well as new additions such as the smoke bomb, poison and hidden blade pistol add variety.Ability to have dual hidden blades to do dual takedowns is great too.The addition of medicine is brilliant especially when Ezio decides to randomly jump off a ledge and fall to the ground when you move the analog stick half a mm from the wall. Trouble is it eliminates some of the challenge or game feel, especially when against the final boss and i can simply regain all my health multiple times by constantly downing medicine while i wail on him. Theres no urgency to attack when you can just turtle any and all opponents.The ability to leap up from a ledge youre hanging from to a higher ledge is a great addition, too bad its introduced midlate game. FreeRunning and climbing is really fun.... when it flows.Graphical improvements are welcome after AC 1 which looked great at the time too. New Italian city environments as well as one swamp environment are nice, Venice is the best by far.Carnivale games add some much needed variety to missions.What Lets The Game DownGame is a lot of fun most of the time but its ruined by buggy AI and tedious platforming sections that breakup the openworld style of game AC is. View points are a pain in the i hated them in the first game and i hated them here, some here dont even make sense when a viewpoint is at regular one or two storey high roof height.Counter is incredibly OP, as is countering with the hidden blade which results in an unblockable instakill against any guard. Heavies are weaker than medium guards, simply counter them while unarmed and take their pike or haliberd and kill them easily, while mediums wont let you take their weapon and will counter your counters.Money is redundant by midgame.Freerunning and climbing is easily broken up by clunky slow animations or odd gameplay mechanics. Why are certain horizontal poles able to be swung from but not climbed while others arent and must be climbed. Swing only poles are thinner and smaller but why cant i swing from the larger ones?AI is decent most of the game, pretty easy but im sure theyd kick yourif you were a younger player. AI ramps up a lot for 2 assassinations in the 2nd or 3rd last sequence though, archers can suddenly see you behind or above their heads and can alert others in the split second youre in the air and above them making you fail the mission.Colour saturation and overall colour is strange. One minute everything is vibrant and looks great, the next its all washed out and looks terrible.The pistol hidden blade upgrade given late in the game is impractical and a useless addition due to its slow firing speed and slow reload.The games pacing and story direction is questionable.Why not go find and take out the main antagonist rather than taking out the pissy targets below him? The game/story drags on a lot and missions get overly repetitive all AC games have this problem, they includeGo here kill this guyGo here, kill this guy and dont be detected.Race here.Chase down this guy before he does X.Finally 