TLDR  despite many bad things, I actually had fun playing this game, thats why the thumbs up.Ive started this review when I started the game and I kept updating it while playing. It took me around 55 Steam hours inside the game they are only 37, I dont know why this difference to beat the game at 100, included The Truth. I didnt go fast, I actually played enjoying it as much as possible. the game is actually funny and the gameplay improved a lot compared to the first episode especially with the ability to swim its possible to select the italian spoken language, thanks to which all the people within the game are dubbed by real italian speakers. With the english spoken option they mostly talk with foreignaccent italian. Its ame, Mario!. It deserves a plus only for this. Monteriggioni management is nice theres Leonardo Da Vinci and you interact with him and use some of his historical devices historical locations are quite faithfully reproduced and you can actually learn their history and historical characters history within the game Venice has been reproduced in a nice way and you can even navigate with a Gondola. How cool is that? at first it took me an hour just to make it work with a controller I tried JoyToKey first, but the feeling wasnt so good, then Ive found the file that people suggest to install in the forum. And thanks to that, it finally worked. But still, why the game isnt compatible with a controller? Are we supposed to play it with keyboard and mouse? the game passes through Uplay, not directly via Steam. Yes, thats a negative thing to me. selecting english spoken, the characters still use some italian word, but with foreign accent. I would have preferred if they spoke only english instead of a broken italian. also, selecting italian spoken, EVERYONE speak italian, even Desmond and other american characters. It would have been better if it was possible to just have the right language for each character. English for the americans and italian for the italians. not funny when you try to enter an area and you receive the message Unlock this map through the Ubisoft Club. Especially if its necessary for the 100. Luckily its easy to get it, but you have to search how it works I usually avoid Uplay, so I didnt know anything about it and have to spend Ubisoft Points which you get also playing the game. I just dont see the reason for this, it could have been better if it was already accessible. the audio volume is pretty low even at its maximum the game gives you A LOT of money with treasures, quests and stuff, and all this money is quite useless. Especially treasures are completely useless inside the game, they are not needed for 100 and you dont need all that money at all. dancing camera that sometimes becomes nauseating, especially in tombs where you need to be really careful with your jumps. When you fall and die because of that, its really annoying and a waste of time. automatic Camera too is bothering sometimes, and it seems there is no way to deactivate it. It should help you showing you the path where you have to go, but it doesnt understand if you dont want to follow that path Monteriggioni management could have been better you end up finishing everything too quickly and the money later is useless. after a while the game started to crash and close it for no reason. Then, after more hours, it stopped and worked fine. Strange. Ive found the main story to be a little too long. After a while I just wanted to finish it but the story was still going on. Too much is too much. there isnt Rome they later included it in Assassins Creed Brotherhood if you lose your weapon in combat and cant find it on the ground anymore, the only way to retrieve it is to go back to the Villa and take it. Thats a waste of time. 