ACII reprresents an improvement on the original Assassins Creed in almost every way.The game introduces us to Ezio, and his journey to discover his fathers murderer.  In the process of course he uncovers his true identity, and advances the story and plot that was introduced in the first game.  The story that revolves around the animus is also here, however its emphasis is greatly dimished from the first game.The elements that made the first game so fun are still here Open world parkour, vast cities to explore, fun combat, mini games such as time trials and beat up events, overlook climbing, etc.  However adding to the mix are several new weapon types including a pistol, a customizable home base minicity to generate wealth and keep your stuff, upgradeable armor, paintings to collect and display, and the introduction of currency florins which you can loot from dead bodies or find in chests that are scattered about.  In short there is a LOT more to do than before, resulting in a more immersive experience.The character animations and sound design are both excellent.  Cut scenes are rendered in real time as before and character emotes and voice acting are superb.  I use the XBOX 360 controller since clearly the controls were designed with the console in mind.Graphically the game is an improvement over the original although at times the textures show their age during cutscenes.  A remastered version of this game would be fantastic.The level of historical content is huge, with additional info available from the abundance of database entries accessible at any time.  I actually learned a lot of things I did not know.3D Vision support is superb with the HelixMod update.Here are a few things I found a bit frustrating1 Flaky controls at times, particularly during the lara croft style tomb raids.  Advanced parkour moves are typically not necessary for the rest of the game, so learning them during the tomb raids can be frustrating and require a great deal of precision.2 Checkpoint saves suck in general, and here there are moments where the checkpoints are too far apart, requiring you to replay quite a bit.3 The framerate will frequently drop, especially in cities.  I have a nice midrange system 780gtx/i54850 so I should not be seeing drops in the frame rate, which strikes me as just poor PC optimization.Still despite some annoyances this game kept my attention through many, many hours. Overall heartily recommended.9/10