I have mixed feelings really, so I am not sure where to start with this game. The beginning is probably the logical answer to that.Ok so, I have never played the first one. They all went on sale some time last year, and I got from AC2 to AC4 for like 23 British Pounds, it was great. Like an idiot, I forgot about the first Assassins Creed. This wasnt a problem until some smart  from school told me they all follow a story which is intertwined in all of the games. By which time I had already got further in Assassins Creed Black Flag that any of its predecessors. As you can tell, I was off to a good start.That aside, I vowed to myself not to play ANY Assassins Creed games until I finished them in order, which is a pain because I hate the era of Assassins Creed 2. Well, to the review I guess, I have rambled enough.I cant remember the dates, and I cant be bothered to look it up for the sake of the review. We can make it a little interactive review, look it up yourself  HereLets settle with 1400 and cabbage, thats a start. Assassins Creed is set in an era before guns, which is enough for me, it put me right off. You play as an Assassin. His name is Ezio Microsoft word thinks its Elliot, god alone knows how you actually spell that. Much like all other games in this franchise, you are taken on quite an interesting story to uncover mythical Assassin and Templar secrets from the forgotten past. It sounds really exciting doesnt it?I cant give this game a no because the game itself is pretty good. I just dont like it. It is well made, and the graphics are horrible. I understand its old, but they do make me cringe a bit. The accents on the speech are horrible, no offence to Italian people, you dont all sound that bad. The gameplay is like all other assassins creed games, where the missions are often rather over complicated and you have to parkour everywhere and lunge on people and kill them. They have everything they need, they ought to make a parkour simulator, really, its a hidden talent.The story itself is quite repetitive, though it is good. There is a lot of kill a bunch of enemies and then do it again and again and again and it gets BORING, but hey.8/10. I cannot fault the game without being an idiot. It is a good game I just dont like it. A lot of time went into it, and for its age it is quite impressive. I have to reenforce though, that I hate that era. Black Flag is my favourite so far, though Assassins Creed III does look brilliant too.P.S. You wouldnt believe how may times I had to edit this...all the typos I made. I must have read it like 10 times now. Might as well rate it now I am here 