Its been a great many years since Ive played this game. Much like Pajama Sam and Star Wars, I was very much obsessed with the Assassins Creed franchise. Dont worry. I havent turned into a murderous psychopath. Not yet at least.I played most of the Assassins Creed games multiple times, but I havent touched II since I first played it. I remember hating it purely for the graphics back in the day, but Im happy to report that my taste in games has matured. Now lets REALLY find out what I didnt like about this game!To be honest, not a whole lot. Assassins Creed II is welljustified in being called the best game in the franchise by fans and critics alike. And I mean that as sincerely as I can. Its a pretty enjoyable game.The story continues right off of the first Assassins Creed which I might go back and play a third time for shs and giggles soon, wherein you play as Desmond Miles as he accesses memories now of Italian ancestor from Renaissance Ezio Auditore da Firenze. Desmonds story is nearly inexistent, but where the real juice of the the story comes from is found in Ezio.See, Ezio isnt a stonefaced brooding Batmanwannabe like Altair and Connor Kenway were. He was presented like an young man who was thrown into unfortunate circumstances and had to dawn the cowl of the Assassin in order to fulfill his quest for revenge. Ezio is very charismatic and likeable, and you genuinely want to see him follow through with his revenge and become a Master Assassin. A lot of the other characters are pretty forgettable, but the game has so much charm and enough little jokes here and there that I felt entertained throughout the whole experience.Besides the other characters, I did get a little irritated with how onedimensional the villains were. The only one that really got my interest was the bodyguard, Dante, and hes barely used in the whole game! I felt a bit of rivalry between Ezio and Uberto as well as Vieri, but a lot of the other targest you hunt down are pretty bland. And, of course, the ending with the final target is a bit anticlimactic. But the big reveal afterwards was enough to grab my interest like it had years ago. Its pretty wellimplemented, unexpected, and effective in shocking the player at the end of the game.You play as Ezio throughout five sandboxes across Italy Florence, Tuscany, Forli, Monteriggioni, and Venice. I like that theres a lot of variety in the locations you visit, so the game doesnt become monotonous. When you travel across the country, it really feels like your traveling to brand new locations each completely different from the other places youve visited. However, there are plenty of loading screens whenever you want to travel and animations that mainly pestered me whenever I wanted to take care of some mundane, but it wasnt enough to completely frustrate me.The worlds, while welldesigned, are a bit underutilized. Theres A LOT of stuff you can do, but I never felt that motivated to run around and collect little useless sh thrown randomly across the city or complete mundane taks that are pretty much identical to all the other ones youve completed.In line with the theme of repetition, is the combat. Im not a fan. You cant break an enemys defese very easily but you can do the best damage through a counter... which means you have to wait for your opponent to attack you first... which means youll be doing a lot of waiting in fights. And its not like fighting is that difficult. Just tap the counter button. Thats it.You know? Thats probably the biggest flaw with Assassins Creed II. Its too damn easy. This game was like scraping my knees on pavement when I first played it, but I think Ive become a better gamer since then. At least, Id like to think I have. And so many missions were so simple to figure out and finish in one try that I rushed through the majority of the game in about 15 hours the other 5 hours was from all the running around in the cities I did.BUT since youre thinking about buying this copy of Assassins Creed II, youre getting the Deluxe Edition! Woo! Mysterious! What does it mean?You get a couple hourlong memory sequences. Have fun.Okay, theyre not that bad honestly. Originally, the game clipped them out as the penultimate chapters of the story and sold them as DLC, but since I played the Deluxe Edition it just skipped right to the DLC missions. Im not a fan of removing story content for the purpose of making money but if you dont play these DLC packs youre not missing much. Ill give you a summary of both of them Ezio loses the Apple. Then he gets the Apple back. Its not that inspired, obviously.While the Battle of Forli finally utilized Forli which you only were in for one fing mssion in the base game, you have a whole storyline behind Caterina Sforza who, again, was only in that one outofplace mission in the original game. A couple twin brothers kidnap her kids, and you have the save them to win the Battle of Forli. It just gives some excuse to pad out the story and add some open combat, which isnt the worst thing ever. I liked Caterina as a character, but the story itself wasnt that compelling.The Bonfire of the Vanities was my favorite chapter of the two. You need to get the Apple back from Savonarola, and to do so you have to assassinate his nine lieutenants across Florence, each with a different twist in how you go about assassinating them. I think Savonarola was a very compelling villain, who was prodded to do what he did because he honestly believe he was doing the right thing by spreading his faith in God to the masses. That and the missions are short enough to justify running around Florence one last time. It was pretty good.Assassins Creed II isnt the best thing ever. It certainly hasnt aged well in its presentation. Cutscenes look pretty wonky. The characters, when up close, look like the characters from GTA IV. They look all shiny and fake, but their body and facial animations are actually really welldone. If you want this game to look better, either buy the Ezio Collection like the dirty console peasant you are, or just download some graphical mods. Its not terrible. The game hasnt aged that well.That being said, the atmosphere of the cities you explore are wonderful. Even though the graphics arent that great upclose, they look marvelous when youre running around 1400s Italy, and listening to the chatter of passing pedestrians, hearing the howls of the local herald, and listening to the gorgeous soundtrack by Jesper Kyd. Its not the best soundtrack ever, but the main theme of this game and the ambient songs in Venice are some fantastic songs he wrote. This game still looks decent, but it sounds even better.Like I said, Assassins Creed II is pretty damn good upon my second playthrough. I dont think if I ever reinstall this game, that Ill go around and do all asinine sidemission B.S. but Im certainly inclined to play through the story again. Its a decent game, despite its flaws and one of the best games in the Assassins Creed franchise. Im giving Assassins Creed II a 7/10. 