Typical Ubisoft game fantastic art design, uninspired story, shoddy development.The art is fantastic, drawing you into an imagined 15th century Florence. By far, this is what drives this game, since the plot and game mechanics are generally tepid. The power of the art is make feel empowered to explore a fantastic world, though this feeling is somewhat stifled after the first few hours by the only semiopen world feel. The game obviously goes through great lengths to make it feel like you have the kind of open world choices you get in games like Skyrim or GTA, but the somewhat lackluster sidegames, the limited travel area, and the vanilla storyline causes it to fall short in this department. In fact, AC2 feels far less openworld than AC1 and several times during gameplay I was screaming out for a chance to just wander the city and take assassination contracts out on people, but alas, you are railroaded pretty heavily into the main generic story. The illusion of choice exists all along in this game, but actual choices are somewhat limited. Each quest you get you have the choice to accept or not accept, but not accepting just means you start the cutscene over and get a chance to try to accept again. In short, the only choices you get are to play or not to play, and after hours of wandering around Florences stunningly drawn back alleys looking for pieces of parchment and birt feathers, I generally leaned toward the notplaying side of things.As with most Ubisoft games, AC2 suffers from lazy development, though mostly in the port to PC  though I did find myself several times cursing the poorly designed camera rotation that often rotates midrun to cause you to veer unexpectedly is other directions. It was also fun finding the numerous other spots in the game where I got thekicked out of my by Florences overly ubiquitous town militia after I got glitched halfway off the map, unable to move. And dont be too creative about how you approach your targets. Once I decided to be sneaky and come down from above, only to trigger a cutscene back with me on the street getting robbed. Oh yeah, and the cutscenes. So after a few hours, when youre desperately bored with the plot, then use the cutscenes to get up and stretch and get a snack because you cant skip them.If youre playing the PC version the biggest complaint is typical lazy console port that Ubisoft is so famous for. Most of the game plays all right, but the controls for PC are hideous. If you prefer Keyboard and Mouse, dont even buy the game. Its maddening. The controls make a lot of sense when using a gamepad, but I spent a number of frustrating hours trying to get my controllers to work with the game. I have a XBOX and a more generic Logitech controller, both of which work fine with other games, but they were frustrating glitchy in AC2. I basically had to mod around the XBOX one and remaps keys for my logitech one. And, to make matters worse, whever I found a new viewpoint in the game, for some mysterious reason, the game would remap my controllers again. So, stupid.In spite everything, I still somewhat enjoyed this game, though not as much as AC1. In general, if you get lucky and get everything to work well, and can ignore the crappy port, its not bad for a somewhat mindless romp through Renaissance Florence. But in the end, I probably wouldnt recommend it as one of my more favorite games. 