Assassins Creed II is a great game. It definitely improves upon the original, and it is a fantastic experience for all players.As I said before, Assassins Creed II is a lot better than I. First, better graphics. This is expected, but it looks beautiful. The Renaissance scene is absolutely stunning, some of the best scenery of all time. They also introduce a new protagonist Ezio, a young man who dons the white of the Assassins when his father and brothers are killed by a viscious tyrant. Now he trains to kill all involved in the conspiricy, for justice... and revenge.The story is flawless, connecting you with Ezio in many more ways than Altair is Assassins Creed. And Ezio isnt the only great character. The entire ensemble is amazing, and each character makes you feel as if you genuinely know them. This is great to keep a players interest and entertainment. Unfortunately, Desmonds side of things are a bit lacking. They arent exactly up to par with the rest of the game, and mostly left me wanting to get them overwith and back to the Renaissance.Assassins Creed II fixes Assassins Creeds biggest flaw FREEDOM!!!! Assassins Creed II is an open world, giving you the chance to explore, do side missions, find collectibles, or just screw around, have fun! It also gives you the freedom to customize Ezio, choosing weapons and dying your clothes though who cant resist classic white!. I mentioned collectibles. There is a side mission involving tombs. You must explore these tombs and bring back a disc from each tomb to your home. There is a secret room containing the armor of Altair, the strongest armor of all. Collect all the discs, and you will unlock the Altairs armor. But, sometimes all this collecting gets a bit repetitive, so search at your own peril or boredom like those stupid freaking feathersThe combat system is improved, again giving you more feedom in your style of fighting. The controls are great, and easy to understand. But best of all, it stays away from repetitive situations. Sometimes. The combat can get a little old by the end. Assassins Creed II delivers a nonpredictable gaming experience.There are some issues, as the game is only as good as your PC, but otherwise, a fun time.Score 7/10  Good 