This second entry in the series is much, much better than the first, but still ultimately mediocre. This will not be spoiler free, as the plots in these games are not worth anything so there is no value lost in spoiling them.This time, there are no frustrating, repetitive repeating missions, or bland cityspaces. No awful dialogue and no terrible sound quality.You will find here that, unlike the first, this game could be described as functional and playable for upwards of 10 minutes.Assassins Creed II is, unlike its predecessor, a working game. I will argue, however, that this alone does not make it a game worth playing.You will find an admittedly more compelling and engaging story here. We are told the story of Ezio, a young Italian noble enjoying his youth amidst family rivalries and conspiracy in Florence. Ezios voice acting is leagues above Altairs awful, monotone American accent. You may notice Ubisofts laziness in making Desmonds and Ezios facial models exactly the same.Anyway, Ezios family is betrayed by someone thought a friend and his father and brothers are executed.One of the stronger moments in the series in Ezio discovering his fathers assassin robes, the track Earth playing in the background, meant to evoke a feeling of discovery in the player and prompt you to appreciate Ezios transformation.The soundtrack, composed by Jesper Kydwho is excellent is likely the strongest point of the game. The atmospheric tracks like Home in Florence, the story and characterdevelopment tracks like Ezios Family and Earth, and the chase tracks like Venice Rooftops are all fantastic.It is music one can love consistently and appreciate for how it establishes and reinforces the setting of the world. One can quickly come to appreciate the detail and beauty of the games depictions of Florence and Venice supported by the fantastic music.The story is centered around a convoluted web of conspiracy motivated by revenge and a desire to discover the truth. The larger sin of this games story, one that many AC games are guilty of, is putting the player in situations where they could solve the central conflict of the plot nearly instantly.More than once, Ezio is tasked with eavesdropping upon the games villains gathered in a particular location or walking around the streets, completely vulnerable. They do not possess advantages or knowledge that would stay Ezios blade, it is just some notion of absurd tensionbuilding that seems to have prompted the inclusion of these scenes.The supporting cast is mostly ridiculous. The Ezio saga seems to have this weird habit of insisting that s, mercenaries, and thieves are all delightful people misrepresented by those in power. I would guess that it is a way of emphasizing that Assassins believe in humanity/are optimistic about human nature while the Templars are not.Both groups, however, see objective truth/reality, religion, and ideology as illusions and lies, so neither group is inspirational or compelling in any way, no matter what any fanboy wants to claim.One can summarize the conflict as secular humanists who believe in humanity and thus advocate freedom versus secular humanists who dont believe in humanity and thus advocate order. It seems the more interesting discussion and debate happened off screen and our position on the matter has already been decided for us.Anyways, the supporting cast are all s, thieves, and mercenaries. One tells us that prostitution really represents love and that she is doing Gods work in running the brothel. Close of the end of the story, all of them jump out of the metaphorical bush and yell we were all secretly assassins guiding you the whole time, Ezio! Its pretty poor writing. They then defeat the primary antagonist of the entire game and let him get away for no reason.The story, split into 14really 12 sequences, skips years arbitrarily. My favorite moment is at the end of sequence 10, the game decides that the protagonist, with every reason in the world to pursue his enemies, sits on hisfor TEN YEARS in Venice, starting sequence 11 by lamenting that hed been sitting on hislike a ing idiot for 10 years. Really odd stuff with the timeline like this really makes you wonder about Ezios character and motivation.At the end of the game, you travel to Rome to assassinate the Pope  the same character who could have died numerous times before by Ezios hand. After stabbing him through the throat, his papal staff apparently allows him to..not die from that? Christ these games have terrible writing.Ezio wielding the Apple of Eden and Rodrigo BorgiaAlexander VI his papal staff, they duke it out, Rodrigo paralyzes Ezio momentarily, and takes the apple. Ezio now completely vulnerable, Rodrigo logically decides to not kill him and just hurt him a little bit because that always works out really great for the main antagonist in any movie, book, or game. Seriously thisis terrible.After that, Ezio chases him down to the vault and challenges the 60something year old to a fistfight, Rodrigo posessing a massive upper hand in possessing both artifacts, it naturally makes sense for him to give up every advantage and enter a fistfight with someone superior in terms of muscle strength and fitness  potentially losing all progress towards the goal he has been working towards for around 25 years or more.After defeating Rodrigo, Ezio, being emotionally mature and intelligent and developed, decides not to kill the antagonist responsible for all the death and misery that allowed for the plot in the first place. Ezio was totally willing to murder hundreds of guards who who more or less innocent and just doing their jobs, but when it comes to the person most at fault  no, not having any of that. Im going to let you live in an overlydramatic, angsty move that illustrates just how stupid my character is.So yes, this games plot and characters are atrocious  but thats the case in nearly every game in this series, so this game is not any worse.This game is worth playing for the atmosphere and high amount of content. You can enjoy the various side missions like the assassination contracts, underground tombs, and collectibles, free from the pretentious characters and stupid story, but with all the atmosphere of the music and character of the city.Ultimately, as I said, the game is still mediocre when compared to games that are truly great, but the amount of content, soundtrack, and atmosphere make the game worth playing  there is something to enjoy here, unlike the first. 