Time for a negative review that doesnt talk about UPlay.Theres a great attention to detail in this game in the world, textures, modeling, sound, and, to some extent, the writing. However, this same care seems lacking when it comes to actual gameplay. Additionally, a few problems with the scripting and cutscenes really damage the immersion they try to create with the detailed world. Also, its too long I would say I enjoyed 10 hours of the 20 it took me to beat the game.As you put your first few hours into this game, youll probably have a great time as you get a hang of the mechanics and complete the various different challenges spread throughout the world. You really have to stick with it to get to the part where the game starts becoming an unpleasant slog.The freerunning/climbing in this is pretty cool, but the moment you run into a situation where you dont understand why you cant grab something or your character doesnt do what you wanted them to, itll sour the experience. Its very difficult to translate analog stick input into a selection from such a rich, complex space of possible movements, and I honestly cant see what they couldve done to make this work better. These problems wouldnt hurt the game experience so much if they didnt have sections that rely heavily on these mechanics in a way that brings out the flaws of the movement engine. The most glaring issue is the sections that cause a memory to restart from the beginning if you are detected. For some reason, the environments that these missions took place in were prone to eliciting these movement issues. Getting detected is not only frustrating because  you have to start from the beginning of the section, but because it doesnt feel like its your fault  you just didnt expect the character to move in a certain way. Youre unlikely to run into this problem until youre well into the game.Theres just so many situations when you are freerunning where its not clear what your character is going to do or they do something you dont want them to do. Like getting stuck crouching on small waist high ledges when all you want to do is go to the ground, causing you to become easily visible to enemies you were trying to avoid and slowing down your movement. Then when you try to get off the ledge, instead of just jumping to the ground, he tries to jump to a handhold or another ledge.The combat is dreadfully boring. You wait for an enemy to attack and parry. Or you hold block and then hit attack in a rhythm until the enemy dies. For some enemies, they take lots of hits until they die, even with the strongest sword. Its unnecesarilly drawn out because of this. All they needed to do is to make combat shorter and less frequent. It happens far too often, even if you are being stealthy, and is just thoughtless. And its so easy that it actually encourages you to avoid stealth and just kill everyone instead of wasting a bunch of time sneaking around.The stealth aspect of the gameplay is infuriating. You wont realize it until you get a bit into the game and have sections where any detection means youll fail and have to start from the beginning of the checkpoint. For the most part, its pretty clear when an enemy will see you. But, again, as you get later into the game, youll run into challenges that are set up in a way that they bring out all the flaws of the enemy detection system Im looking at you, liutenant assassination memories. It could be made much less frustrating by either providing more feedback on why you are getting spotted, by having more frequent checkpoints, or by simply designing the challenges in a way that acknowledges the weaknesses of the detection system and avoiding them. This is the main reason I regret my time with this game  the avoid detection sections made me so mad, and this really ruined the game for me. Deviously, these frustrating sections come right towards the end of the game, meaning theyll stick out most in your mind as you think about your experience with the game.Finally, while they do an excellent job of trying to capture the historical setting via the modeling, sound, textures, and music, several key flaws ruin this immersion. The main flaws involve the actual stuff that happens in these memories being unbelievable or not fitting with the story. For example, theres seceral scenes where armed soldiers jump 50 feet down out of nowhere to fight you in a forced combat section. Or, the first time you fight the spaniard, you actually kill him by bringing his health down to zero during the combat, but in the cutscene that immediately follows he looks completely unfazed and isnt dead. Or, during the last battle with the spaniard, you have several allies that proceed to stand there and do nothing as you wail on him over and over and over, just pressing X over and over again until you get his health to 0.  These sort of strange, immersionbreaking moments are everywhere. Overall, it just feels like the implementation of the writing in terms of cutscenes and memories became sloppier and sloppier as I got further in the game. I almost feel like they were tricking me by having the game be fun at the start and hiding the unpolished, unpleasant parts towards the end of the game when I had already invested time into it.And this game just drags on and on without changing it up enough. Im fine with a long game as long as its still interesting, but this game is long and samey. If the game was half this length, I mightve changed this to a recommendation.In sum, if you have lots of time and like just running around completing quests and stuff like that, you might like this, but you have a lot of other great open world games that provide that experience in a much better way than this game. Other than that, I would absolutely not recommend this  its just not fun enough through the whole game and, while fun at times, will ultimately leave you feeling frustrated, unsatisfied, and whishing you had spent valuable hours of your life playing something more consistently fun.