Assassins Creed 2. So this game came out just 2 years after AC1 and when this game came out... fans loved it, critics loved it... and even today its known as the best AC game ever made. Is it?StorySo the story takes place from 1476  1499. It starts off with Ezio... being born? uhh... skip 17 years later and Ezios father and brothers are killed by a family friend Uberto Alberti. Ezio, escaping the city of Firenze with his mother and sister, go to Monteriggioni and meet his Uncle Mario. Mario teaches Ezio to become an Assassin. Ezio, like Altair, has to kill a certain number of templars and along the way, he becomes wiser and learns more tricks. So along the way you meet people like Leonardo da Vinci, Paola, La Volpe, Sister Teodora, Antonio and Rosa and also Bartolomeo dAlvanio. In the end, Rodrigo Borgia, leader of the Templar order, becomes Pope to obtain the staff of eden and eventually takes the apple of eden from Ezio. However, Ezio then takes back the apple and the staff and uses it to enter the vault where he then finds out about the future, which would be the end of the world.The story... like AC1 goes from being 1 thing to another thing entirely. AC1 went from being Altair just doing it because he wanted to rank back up to actually trying to find out the meaning of the creed, bringing peace in all things. Ezio goes from just wanting vengeance to wanting to bring freedom to Italy.GameplayEverything from AC1 is back, and you dont need weapons or items to do certain abilities, you just need to learn them through people like Mario or Rosa. Leonardo also uses Altairs codex pages to upgrade the hidden blade to have a poison blade and a hidden gun. The gun doesnt really work too well... but it was the 1st time doing this... also everything other game that had a gun was an actual gun. Not a small tube in your wrist. But the parkour is the same, tweaked slightly to be easier and better to control, stealth is way better this time and you dont need to worry about running around the entire city trying to lose the guards and you can finally swim in this game. Yay. Youre also able to upgrade your life meter by obtaining better armour or having Leonardo decipher codex pages.CollectiblesI didnt talk about this in my AC1 review because I didnt really bother collecting anything. I dont think it does anything... I could be wrong. But in AC2, you need to collect 6 assassin seals to open a gate in Monteriggioni that will allow you to take Altairs armour. Unlike collecting feathers and codex pages... the seals are very fun to collect. You go through different assassin tombs and it feels a lot like something out of Tomb Raider or Indiana Jones. Codex pages... ehh, you need to kill a few guards and just loot it like you would with a dead body in the game not real life. Feathers can go  themselves. I want to have fun when collecting, assassin tombs are fun. Everything else isnt. Is Altairs armour worth it? ehh... it looks nice but its no different to having the most powerful armour in the game along with Leonardos life meter upgrade.I probably wont talk about how it was killing each target because in this game its set out similarly... although there was 1 I really did enjoy. Leonardos flying machine in Venice then killing Carlo Grimaldi was the best assassination mission in AC2.So is this really the best Assassins Creed game? I personally dont think so. But I can see why people think its great. The graphics are much better, much more colourful and vibrant this time and the soundtrack... oh that is the best thing in this game... and the story is far better in this game. Its also got 14 sequences. So if youre playing this for the first time... itll take you a while to complete. For me, only around 20 hours to complete the story and 5 hours messing around doing nout.