Despite recent Assassins Creed games, the first 3 were very well made for the time. The combat, parkour, and multiple open worlds still hold strong to this day. Every area I encountered with Ezio best character in the franchise felt alive and vibrant, beckoning to be explored. I originally played this on Xbox and I would recommend playing this version, not the Ezio Collection.In many games since this and Brotherhood, the armor/weapon system was very linear you have a few weapons to choose from and you gradually get one sword better than the next by paying and soon you have the best gear in game without much effort. The system in II and Brotherhood is my favorite in any game, making it feel actually worthwile when you get an entire armor set or complete enough challenges to unlock certain weapons. There are swords, maces, long spears, a variety of weapons to suite your playstyle which has only been touched upon in the recent Origins.The characters in this game are some of the best in the franchise, Ezio is charismatic and charming with a interesting supporting cast to back up his performance. Part of the reason these characters are so strong is the perfect setting, Renaissance Italy was a vibrant, diverse place at the time and it suits this game so well.This game is not without faults though, most of them lie in the gameplay mechanics. Not often, but occasionally I found Ezio and other models jumping not where I point, common things in AC at this point, but at the time was and still is jarring. For me, the modern day story with Desmond always fell a little flat for me, while I did find it interesting, I kept thinking about Ezio and what mission Id be doing next.Progression is a key theme in the game, both in gear, characters but skills as well. You feel like youre growing along with Ezio and Desmond as they learn new skills to combat their enemies which adds a nice personal touch. I always feel like Im on a constant journey of improvement or learning which entices me to play more.The story, omg, easily the best in AC. A classic tale of revenge with twists, turns, and gratifying results at least first playthrough. This goes along with progression as we see Ezio mature into a significantly better character by the end of the game and it is only hightened by the wellwritten story.ProsConsI apologize for any typos in this review! 