Assassins Creed II is a historically rich stab to the back.Featuring a somewhat dual narrative, the game primarily follows the footsteps Ezio Auditore from the day of his birth. A 15th century child of nobility living in Renaissance Florence, Ezio grows up a well meaning trouble maker just like his older brother as they often engage in brotherly shenanigans across the city. But after his father and brothers are publicly executed whie he narrowly escapes, Ezio discovers that his family heritage is a part of an ancient Assassin order that pits itself against the conspiring Templar Order in a bid to safeguard humanitys free will from their conquest. Taking up his fathers blade, Ezio sets out to avenge his family and to erase the entire Italian branch of the Templars. Riding shotgun on this adventure is Desmond Miles, a 21st century Assassin who is training by reliving his ancestor Ezios life and memories with the help of a special machine called the Animus. The story of ACII is a meandering mess with zero sense of pacing. It has plenty of heart and human warmth to its characters, but the narrative surrounding them is just one Templar kill after another. The primary story thread takes almost the entire game to be made apparent and the majority of the assassinations in the meantime are mostly unrelated filler to pad the game out. But the worst story offender is the passage of time. ACII takes place over the course of twentythree years while showing absolutely zero signs of change in the world. You wouldnt even know time passed if you werent paying attention to the time stamps on the chapters. Theres a deeper running story thread as well though something that predates the world as we know it, and that story is a lot of fun any time its head peaks above the surface.ACII utilizes a unique movement and freerunning system. So long as freerun mode is active, Ezio will make the decision to climb, leap, drop, or dive based on the direction the player is pushing him. For the most part it works incredibly well, but sometimes Ezio will absolutely blunder any and all of the input you try to feed him. Its not a perfect system but it works well. Combat is depressinly barebones. Swords, knives, hammers and more all come into play, but theyre all functionally identical. Whats more, theyre obsolete from the outset. Ezios hidden blade is intended for quiet kills, but can also block attacks and instantly kills anyone you use a counter attack on in combat. Other tools like throwing knives and poison are even less efficient. The game suffers from a considerable lack of challenge, a massive amount of filler treasure slathering the open world cities, and constant repitition of simple and relatively unengaging mechanics. Money can be used to buy obsolete weapons and armor as well as change the color of your outfit, purchase art for your home villa, or invested in the villa itself to fix it up over time. You can also buy maps showing you where more money is. Even the vehicle sections meant to break up the monotony are monotonous.Assassin Creed IIs flawed but saving grace the presentation has just enough kick to really sell it. The mix of synthetic, string, and vocal sometiems operatic music is so perfect as to be described as instant classic. Youll visit major Italian cities and each one is sprawling, beautiful, and distinct. People fill the streets, heralds bellow with the sound of news, and shops pine for attention and coin. Texture and sometimes model quality is on the abhorrently low side, but this is compensated for by incredibly human and detailed animation. All these combined make for a magical visit to 15th century Italy that just barely manages to help one ignore the significant shortfalls. 