I really, really. enjoyed this game.I mean honestly, as soon as I started it and began to parkour accross the roofs of Renaissance Florence I was already having a blast. Even if the graphics are a bit dated, they only show major wear with character models in cutscenes, and the huge cities are still breathtaking. The setting was the first thing to hook me.The game has a lot more going for it than just setting though. Compelling characters drive the narrative Ezio is extremely likable, and even if Da Vincis inclusion feels a bit shoehorned, it still makes fetchquests way cooler when youre grabbing stuff for a Renaissance genius. The story itself, while not mindblowing, is not bad at all, and even with the elements of the absurd the attention to historical detail is way higher than one would expect from a company like Ubisoft.And, of course, the gameplay. Fighting is good, and can actually be challenging depending on what armor and weapons you use. The parkour, although not as good as Mirrors Edge or anything, is quite cool, and I found that I spent much more time running above the cities than through them. Assassinations and missions can be quite free form, and sometimes the most fun part is creating goals or challenges for yourself with them attempting to remain undetected by any guards, using hidden blades when a pistol can be convenient, or perhaps just charging in and swinging your sword left and right to take out your opponent in a blaze of glory. The game also throws a number of sideexcursions outside of sidequests your way by providing collectibles and a villa to renovate and improve, which if handled correctly will result in absurd amounts of cash and a sense of satisfaction with all youve accomplished. I ended the game with just about everything under my belt except for most of the feathers laying around the heights, and I enjoyed every minute of it.Any major problems? Dont go into this expecting an amazing STEALTH game. Its not Dishonored. Nor are the parkour the fighting the absolute best in their catagories. But its the combination of all these elements blended together in a fascinating setting that sets this game apart. As for UPlay, it was annoying with the initial updates, but I didnt have any problems with it afterward.Definitely a yes for me.