This is what most of us think when we see another game of this series.ButAssassins Creed was not always a repetitive cash machine but actually had something like a. While Ubisoft tried something new with the first AC ah, those times, when big publishers had nuts, it resulted in being a welldesigned game with a great lore which also had its flaws like a kinda repetitive mission design. Well even, the godfather of AC, had to find the true heart of his project and so he did with the second instalment of the seriesplays during the Renaissance of the lovely Italy. You will visit the landscapes of the beautiful Toscana, enjoy a ride through the canals of Venice or take a walk through the charming Florence while youll be full of respect for the masterworks of architecture. But Assassins Creed II is more than a wonderful sightseeing tour but an intruding story about a young and very charming Italianwho undergoes a drastic and lossy stroke of fate and yearns for justice, orientation and help. Eventually, he finds himself in a corrupted society full of intrigues and greed for power and is confronted by a man, who will later burn his name in the pages of history Rodriguez Borgia. In all this chaos Ezio becomes recruited by the Assassins and will be entangled in the ongoing war between Assassins and Templars.This complex story and the wonderful sightseeing tour which I can indulge in for hours although the graphic is by far not as beautiful as present games but still beautiful though is completed by asoundtrack composed by Jesper Kyd who was so enthralled with the project, that the developers immediately let him do whatever he wanted.If you listen to interviews of Jesper Kyd or even more of Patrice Dsilets, you will find exactly what youll feel in the game they were emotionally involved. It was not about another cashgrab or a milestone for their career. It was their very own vision. I mean, look atand how he goes into all the details, how he even remembers the dialogue. And since he left during the preproduction of Assassins Creed Brotherhood, this may be the last game with such an emotional touch. After this one, Assassins Creed had to become huuuuge. Which means stupid, uninspiring and sensationalistic and its heart got sick like a child you dont care for anymore.So lets indulge in this wonderful gem, thats far from perfect but heartwarming as well as intriguing.