Ive had all but the last Assassins Creed games for a while now. Having only played 10 minutes of each before moving on, Id always felt I hadnt given it enough of a chance. So this week I decided to do that and sit down for a proper go. I couldnt find my AssCre disc 1 so I went with this, the second one.The controls were putting me off when I first started to play, with some really confusing layouts which meant I was constantly hitting the wrong keys and getting stuck. Once I started to master it though, it became second nature. Im pretty certain anyone that plays this will feel the same way and will want to give up after a few failures but dont, stick at it. The controls are fine once you get your head around them and allow you to do quite a few different things with only a few key presses.The story is absolutely amazing. Set in the 1400s in Italy it tells the revenge story of your character, who witnesses the death of his father and brother. This takes him around the country finding the perputrators. Voice acting is second to none, some of the best and more like watching a film its that well produced.Gameplay can get a tad repetitive with a lot of, kill this person, hide here, steal that but they are joined by bucket loads of side quests which break up the monotony. Thats not to say its boring, but more varaity wouldve been nice.Graphics are great but are showing thier age a bit now, especially when you look at AssCree 3 and 4.All in all, Im sorry I never played this before now. I can really understand why theres a huge cult following for the series. The price you can get this at, youd be a fool not to play it. Its one of the best games Ive played, easily in the top 10. Make sure you DO stick with it though as I mentioned. Just fight through any frustration you might come across.Oh and one last thing. Its LONG! I thought it was about to end on around 4 occasions, then it sent me on another quest! There are 12 chapters in the normal version, and 14 with all DLC. I didnt realise I had the 14 chapter version so got to play the lot. Still, without those 2 extra chapters the game is extremely long.Get it!