Good things in generalParkourBeautiful sceneryGood things compared to the original gameInvestigations are gone. While its a shame that there are no missions where you can learn additional info about your targets or something that would help you in the assassination, considering how the original game had plenty of repetitive tasks for barely useful info, I guess nothing is better than something bad.The storytelling is much better. Instead of the whole story basically spanning only the first and final few scenes, with tons of filler in the middle, most of the main story in the game feels like it actually is the main story. And it was quite interesting.The story in this game spans several years, rather than just a few months, with timeskips in appropriate places, thus not making it seem like everything is resolved in a day.Addition of customisation and an actual variety of weapons. Though, too bad that its mostly just an upgrade from a weapon with lower stats to a weapon with higher stats. Would have been nice if multiple weapons were good, but in different areas, thus giving you a choice in gear based on your preferences.A money system and a home economic system. A nice incentive for working on side content.Ability to hire followers to serve as a distraction or help during battles.Guards no longer just randomly attack you for looking at them funny or just riding on a horse. Though, otherwise, the notoriety system seems a bit of a hit or miss to me. Throughout my playthrough, it built up quite slowly, but was awfully easy to get rid of. Could just be me though.Certain guards actually have the brains to look in various obvious hiding spots.Fast travel is incorporated into the world as caravans that you can hire to transport you to places. An instory explanation for fast travel is a nice touch.The possibility of outrunning guards to lose them, instead of always needing a hiding place or killing all the pursuers just to get them off your back.All the collectables actually have some sort of reward.You no longer need to pickpocket specific people just to replenish your ammo. You can now either loot consumables from fallen enemies, or just buy the stuff at a store.The real world segments are far rarer and less interruptive than in the previous game. Though its a shame that the real world still basically didnt really matter at all.Some bad things about the gameuPlay. A completely unnecessary annoyance.Cant replay missions unless you start over, unlike in the original game.Still cant skip cutscenes. The cutscenes are nice the first time, but not so much the second time.The pistoletta takes too long to aim and its loud, so its worse than throwing knives most of the time.Fast travel cant be used to travel between districts in the same city.No feature to replenish all ammo at once. Replenishing everything manually is a bit annoying.All in all, Assassins Creed 2 was a fun game to play, especially compared to the original. 