Assassins Creed 2 is the ultimate sequel and a master class video game. AC2 takes everything about the original AC and makes it better, while also adding brand new ideas and gameplay mechanics.There is so much to say about this game, so I suppose the best place to start is the story and characters. AC2 continues the story of Desmond and the Assassins, which takes a backseat role in this game to the delight of many, but also introduces the new story of Ezio Auditore da Firenze who is now the face of the entire franchise, a young man living in Florence during the Italian Renaissance.In stark contrast to Altair, the protagonist from the original AC, Ezio is a loveable character. Altair is direct, brutal and quiet. While Ezio is charming, caring, and inquisitve. Ezio suffers a family tragedy which causes him to seek revenge, and eventually leads him to become one of the assassins. Along his journey Ezio befriends many men and women, and almost all of them are as easy to like as Ezio. The historical fiction that takes place in this game is nothing short of spectacular. By the end of the game Ezio and Leonardo da Vinci yes you read that right are practically best buds! Ezio gets involved with the Medici, the Pazzi, Machiavelli, and even the Borgia!The entire story is wellwritten and exciting. The missions are unique unlike the original Assassins Creed and fun. The setups to assassinations take a far more natrual approach than they did in the original AC. That being said, the section of the game leading up to Sylvio and Dante, and even to a lesser extent the section prior with the Doge, I personally think is the games weakest point. Many of the missions at this point in the game become less unique and more monotonous. First, go to three rooftops and kill 3 sets of archers. Then later.. Go to 3 areas, free captured allies, come back. Then later.. Go to 3 areas, kill enemies, come back.Luckily, this doesnt last long so its not such a huge hindrance, but the game does take a dip in quality here. However, the game ends with a pretty amazing finish, with some really great cutscenes and action, so thats great.Which brings me to one of the best things about this game, the dialogue and voice acting. Man, is it good. The voice actors and writers knocked it out of the park. The pacing is good, the acting is great, and the characters feel real and sound like they actually care. You may think Im making a big deal out of this, but bad voice acting and dialogue is one of my biggest gripes in games nowadays, especially for big releases from companies like Ubisoft. Watch Dogs for example is a testament to just how absolutely terrible writing and voice acting can go in video games. Yuck!This brings me to the gameplay. Along the journey Ezio really develops into a truly fleshed out Assassin and you feel different than you did at the start. Ezio unlocks a number of tools and tricks to help in his assassin techniques, and this really helps the game stay fresh and exciting. Most importantly the combat doesnt dull. In reality, the combat is very, very simple. Yet somehow, it never bores. The feeling of pulling off some of the counters and unique assassinations is always thrilling. With so many tools at your disposal, you always have so many options on how to deal with threats or tight scenarios.This does bring me to one of my very small gripes about this game, though. Ezio doesnt feel very much like a true assassin in this game. In the original Assassins Creed so much of the game was about being stealthy. And while it fits Ezios character to be a bit more reckless and unrefined in his assassination techniques, who is more of a raw assassin than a trained assassin like Altair was, it makes the game less about classic stealthy assassin gameplay and more about open combat. Often times its easier to just hack and slash your way through things than to try them stealthily, which is a little disappointing. This wouldnt be a problem, because the open combat is fun. But.. later on in the game specifically the DLC, sequences 11 and 12, which Ill comment more on later the missions begin to require stealth more and more. And if youve become accustomed to just hacking and slashing your way through, the game can become a little more frustrating. I just wish the game wouldve been more consistent aboutn what it wanted of you.But once you learn how to go about things in a stealthy manner the game is just as fun as ever, and this is in large part to the MAJOR refinements Ubisoft made to the movement in this game. 9 years ago I played the original Assassins Creed and I was amazed with Altairs movement and agility. Just before replaying AC2, this past week I decided Id replay the original AC to remember the important plot points of the Desmond story. I was disgusted with how choppy the movement was in the original AC, because the first time I played AC was when the series was just beginning. I didnt know anything better! However, now that Ive played AC2, there is no going back. The difference between movement in this game and in the original AC is like night and day. Ezio grabs onto things well, he climbs faster, he leaps in directions which make sense, and on a related note, the camera actually moves and controls well in tight spaces, which only makes the parkour easier.My only gripe with the movement is the leap climb ability. As mentioned before, Ezio unlocks a number of assination techniques and tools to assist him in assassinations and combat, but there isnt any progression in terms of your movement. However, there are some structures which you may encounter in the early game which you cannot scale due to not having the leap climb ability, and the game gives you no indication as to why. Unfortunately, this drives the player to just maddeningly try over and over again to scale certain view points which are literally impossible without the ability. If the game made some kind of indication that it would be scaleable later, then it would be a nonissue.Some other positives of this game are it actually feels pretty good on both keyboard and mouse  controller, the soundtrack is great, the visuals are beautiful, the ai functions pretty well, especialy groups of thieves and mercenaries, and last but certainly not least SOME the collectibles are UNIQUE and FUN the tombs and TRUTH videos, the feathers are not fun especially when compared with the collectibles in the original AC. Seriously, if you do not do any of the bonus content in this game you are missing out on a huge part of this games content and a lot of its enjoyment. I think I spent 8 hours on collectibles alone.Some small unmentioned negatives In the Deluxe version you will play the DLC before the finale, which are sequences 12 and 13 of 14 total sequences and they feel a little out of place. The movement in Venice is less smooth than in other cities. The courtesans are pretty much the worst ai ally faction in the game by a long shot, which makes them kinda undesireable. The game gates you sometimes and isnt completely openworld. Its not a problem when a game keeps you from exploring an entire other city, but within a city when it locks you out? Thats silly to me. Continuing.. the game has quite a few bugs, especially with dead bodies on roofs. This didnt bother me so much, most of the time its funny, but sometimes a dead body ragdolling around or off a roof can break your cover and force you to restart a mission. UPlay... kill me plz. And finally, the micromanaging of Monteriggioni is stupid and pointless.All in all, this game really is legendary. The story is engaging, characters likeable, gameplay exciting, and music immersing. If you play any of the games of this series, this game is the one to play. 