We have all heard the phrase that nothing beats the original at least once in our lives. Assassins Creed II is a living testimony against these wise words. It is the muchimproved sequel to its 2007 predecessor published by Ubisoft, and the first of a new trilogy of games II, Brotherhood, and Revelations. While the first game in the franchise had a huge amount of potential, it fell a little bit short in the eyes of many. However, Assassins Creed II earned an almost unanimous critical acclaim  and with a good reason. Like the original installment, ACII remains an atmospheric historical fiction actionadventure sandbox. Setting it apart, however, is its new approach to less repetitive gameplay combined with solid story development And yes, it does take the time to fill the majority of the plot holes left open from its forerunner.This game picks up precisely where the first left off. Abstergo. Desmond remains a prisoner of the modernday Templars, as he begins to comprehend the significance of his genetic memories  and the danger of the Apple of Eden falling into the wrong hands. Before he has too much time to brood, the game kicks off with a fast pace, springing Desmond from Abstergo, and introducing him to the modernday Assassins. With their help, and their version of the Animus, Desmond submits himself to relive the experiences of another ancestor in hopes of becoming an assassin for their own cause.This time he finds himself in 15thcentury Italy, at the height of the Renaissance, following the life of another ancestor called Ezio Auditore da Firenze. Ezio is a noble who finds himself betrayed by the cities rulers, and sets out on a quest for vengeance.There is a lot to be said about the mechanics and gameplay elements that Assassins Creed II introduced. Too often, a sequel is just a repeat of the first game, with a different storyline. This is not the case here. Ubisoft did an excellent job immersing the player in what is now a believable world, retaining some of its original mechanics. The beautifully designed freerunning system from its forerunner has returned, only this time it permits the player to move faster Thus, cover more ground in less time, and make exploration much more satisfying. As additional encouragement to explore the region, they have hidden treasure chests in every location  Low on coin? No problem! Either go find these hidden goodies, or just kill a guard and pick his pockets.Id also like to take a moment to pay homage to the improved battle system. The combat aesthetics are absolutely stunning, making almost any fight appear brutal and bloody. Furthermore, you now have numerous weapons to pick from at the blacksmith shops, each offering its own selection of kill animations.The quests also have a more modernized efficiency to them, and appear on the map as exclamation marks to guide the player to the next objective. As I have previously stated, they are also a lot less repetitive. You no longer follow the same formula in each quest, which is hugely refreshing. Should Ezio run into trouble during any of these missions, he can opt to blend in just about any crowd of people, or purchase assistance from his allied factions thieves, courtesans, and mercenaries. Just be careful not to draw too much unwanted attention, or youll have to go tear down wanted posters to reduce your notoriety.The purchasing system is really enjoyable. You can change the color of your robes, buy upgrades, weapons, armor, health potions, and even artwork. Once you reach the village of Monteriggioni, you can begin the process of renovating the city to generate your own income through your investments.Finally, keep an eye open for glyphs by using eagle vision. You wont want to miss out on the story that their puzzles will reveal.The controls are relatively friendly, but no longer offer support with rearranging your buttons. A controller is still the best way to get around, in my opinion, although you cannot reassign your button placement at will this time. I still do not recommend playing this game with a keyboard and mouse, but if that suits you, by all means do so.Targeting remains a bit tricky, and you cant always be sure that you will hit what youre aiming for, but it is something you can work around. From time to time, you might find yourself changing your viewpoint and inadvertently targeting something else, oops!Assassins Creed has been known to focus a lot of attention on their atmosphere, so it is only fitting that the graphics are as polished as they are. This game offers beautiful and breathtaking sights, and paints them in a realistic light. It is really hard to criticize this aspect of the game, because they did such an amazing job with finetuning the scenery to fit their setting. I absolutely love how the game looks and feels, and Im pretty sure you will too.The music is beautiful, and the voice tracks are considerably less annoying than its predecessor. The combination of assassinating a target to the score of dramatic music can only be described as a rewarding experience. Though it should be noted that the entirely optional use of subtitles will help with translating the incorporated use of the Italian language. Overall the sounds contribute immensely to the games atmosphere, which is something that I will likely continuously praise in this particular franchise.Assassins Creed II is among my favourites in the series, thus far, and I would definitely recommend a replay at some point. Then again, replay value is entirely dependent on the person playing the game.