Assassins Creed 2 is my favorite game in the series to date, and the absolute crown gem when it comes to the series best gimmick  throwing you into beautiful, wellresearched historical worlds and just letting you do whatever you want with them.Premise Desmond Miles is being held captive by the Templars! Early in the game, he escapes with the help of their mortal enemies, the Assassins. To join the Assassins, Desmond trains by reliving the memories of one of his ancestors, Ezio. Ezio is an Italian living in the 15th century Renaissance. He is drawn into the life of the Assassins in order to discover the perpetrators of a political plot that threatens his family. Along the way, he assassinates dozens of people, and leaps off a lot of towers.The Good Almost any bad thing you could say about the first game in this series, AC2 cleans up pretty nicely. The sometimes awkward exposition and cutscenes of 1 are replaced by a sleek, modern story with highquality cutscenes. The story is paced much better. The controls are simpler. Meanwhile, the strong points of 1 are even stronger here. Ezio is probably my favorite Assassin of the series, transitioning from a funloving Aladdin expy to a brilliant, manipulative and powerful one man army out for revenge on the Templar order. Ezios family and friends are also fun and likeable, including a pretty unusual take on Leonardo da Vinci. It is easy to switch between playing the excellent main storyline and just tooling around Venice doing random sidequests and challenges. The side missions are very fun, but they also dont feel like forced side missions  if you arent feeling them right now, you can come back to them later or not at all without any consequences. My favorite part of the game is the beautiful recreation of the cities. If youre anything like me, you could enjoy yourself a lot just running around without even doing anything. Most games in a setting like this feel like games in a setting  but I came away from this feeling a bit like I had honestly been to Italy and absorbed a little culture. Finally, combat is improved from the original, and you have a few more options for both smashmouth and stealthy play.The Bad I have nothing I can really think of to complain about in this game. Im sorry that youre going to have to use uPlay for it. Its really a terrible platform.Conclusion In my opinion the magnum opus of the Assassins Creed series. Worth it for the magnificent Italian cities alone, but also very welldone in terms of story and gameplay. If AC1 was a flawed game brimming with innovation and potential, AC2 was the realization of all the series could be. 