I now remember why I uninstalled the first installment of finicky controls and restrictive kill conditions made combat a chore. In this sequel, Ubisoft couldnt fix the controls so they loosened up the combat mechanics, making your protagonist a match for even a crowd of enemies out in the open while removing much of the restrictions for a successful assassination. Instead of fixing flaws, they gave you more tools to navigate through the same engine.More rather than better seems to be the theme of the day. You can collect around 30 different weapons but darn if I can figure out why I need that many when there are only three types of enemies and youre encouraged to commit your assassinations quietly. There are a ridiculous amount of hidden chests but the bulk of your income will come from your villa and frankly, its ridiculous that your main money pit villa restorations serves to increase your revenue. Between endless assassination side quests, puzzle deciphering and collectibles, I have over 25 hours of gameplay and am still roughly in the middle of the main storyline. This game is positivelywith filler.What you lose from all of those extra combat mechanics is your overall sense of vulnerability in being a shadowy assassin. Who needs stealth when you can take on a crowd of enemies and still win? All I wanted was a fix to the backstabs from the first game suddenly Im facestabbing a full company of armored brutes with only a couple of smoke bombs as my cover. Cheap, plentiful medicine makes health hardly an issue. All your methods for hiding in plain sight have been kept from the previous game but theyve added ways to decrease your aggro from the guards, making your hiding techniques superfluous!An especially heinous mention needs to be given to theDRM which kept crashing on updates and various occasions. Obviously, Ive managed to circumvent this problem if Ive coped this far but its still a frustrating experience to figure outI also believe its messing with my Steam Achievements, as in uPlays Achievements are written over the Steam ones.This isnt sounding like the most enthusiastic of endorsements butis merely a flawed game, not an outright unenjoyable one. The characters you meet are engaging, the exploration sequences filled with secrets and those assassination side quests might be filler but they offer some fun challenges along the way. The problem is that you dont need to do any of these extra side quests your reward for those is money and you can get all the money you want simply by. You play this game for the story, the variety of content and the opportunity to roleplay as a Renaissance hitman. Good enough. 