The AC series is pretty much a must for gamers into RPG. The gameplay videos on Youtube look amazing and the game comes with a fair prize during Steams campaign sales. AC2 and ACB are available on OS X as well so there was no second thought about purchasing it.But it doesnt all smell of roses.When you buy the game, they dont tell you that you cant play it before a forceful subscription into Uplay which seems to be some kind of Ubisofts own gaming platform/environment thing. And if this does not feel enough like Big Brother breathing down your neck, then check this out you have to agree to some freakin long legal document before they let you play. Now, what if I didnt want to agree to it? Would I get a reimburse? I wont answer that. Basically Ubisoft kicks in some extra demands AFTER youve paid them.The game starts off pretty awesome and you get the feeling of a great story unfolding but once the intro videos end and you receive control youll get exposed to a really complicated set of controls. I found myself spending more time in options page during the first hours of gameplay than ingame. Overall I felt very stuck and it was not fun at all. AC discards many 101s of gameplay controls for a reason unclear. It would not even be a problem if the game would give you time to get accommodated with its specifications, but instead the game starts off with a competition where you have to put those newly learned combos into full use in a tight race over rooftops. It took me full 30 times to complete it and there was nothing fun about it.BEWARE! As if this was not enough, PC and Mac users have another major obstacle to deal with. After 30 minutes of gameplay its quite likely that your keyboard or mouse stop working. Theres especially high risk that the game starts to conflict if youre using Logitech hardware. If you dont believe me, google something like Assassins Creed 2 keyboard not working and youll see that there are whole forums full of guys in trouble with this problem. Ubisofts own homepage has a topic on this with no suggestions or help from their side. Dont expect any solution or help if you face this problem, youre on your own. I exchanged my Logitech mouse to a Microsoft one and now I can play for about 15 minutes, after that the mouse freezes and I have the option of either to continue playing with Macs touchpad or restart the game. I have given up any hope to receive better performance out of the game.The game is very missionbased and theres not as much freedom as you would expect if you saw the gameplay videos. I constantly have the feeling that if I only play a little more, it will all become more relaxed and free but I know its an illusion. Its nothing like Elder Scrolls or Gothic.Big brother Ubisoft really screwed me with this purchase. Its been a very bad experience for me and I know to keep away from Ubisoft products in the future for sure. 