Assassins Creed 2 begins where the original left off. You start playing as Desmond and you must escape Abstergo with Lucy. From there, you travel to a safe house where you meet two new characters who are going to help you dive into the past of another one of your ancestors. The premise is that you can learn how to be an assassin in present day by reliving the life of your ancestor. Unlike last time, youll now be reliving the life of Ezio during Renaissance Italy.Basically everything in this game was improved. All of the original mechanics still exist with a few added extras. You can now buy and upgrade the villa where your family relocates. Upgrades give you more income. Likewise, collecting paintings, new weapons, new armor, or other items increase the value of your villa as well. The only downside is that there is that once you begin collecting/building, your income skyrockets and there quickly becomes nothing left to buy. I ended the game with well over 400k florins the currency because there was nothing left to buy.Also improved was the sidequests. These quests dont seem as random or pointless as in the original and unlike the original, they continue to challenge. While two quests different quests might require you to assassin someone without being seen, the circumstances of those missions are so different, they hardly feel the same.The only thing I didnt like about this game was Uplay. Its not so much that I dont like signing up for Uplay or that I feel annoyed my game is forever attached to my Uplay account after all, thats basically the same as Steam. But what frustrated me was that Uplay would open every time I exited the game. If you are using Big Picture mode and a controller, this is problematic mainly because you cant close the window with a controller you need to grab your mouse. I got around this by setting up a Pinnacle Game Profile to run when Uplay runs so that through a few button presses, I can control the mouse and close the window. Despite this annoyance, I would recommend this to anyone who likes stealth/open world games.