Assassins Creed II is the sequel to 2007s Assassins Creed and is one of, if not the, most highly regarded games in the entire series. But does it still hold up today? This is what I think of Assassins Creed II.In short, yes. Despite aging graphics, this game has lost none of its considerable charm. Its a huge step up from the first game, with much more variety in character models and locations. Florence and Venice in particular are well realized and it is simply wonderful moving through these beautiful cities. The atmosphere is wonderful and I enjoyed every moment. Jesper Kyd, the composer, compliments the game with a stunning soundtrack. Whoever thought that Renaissance Italy was a good next step for the series is a genius. It just works so well.The story picks up from where it left off, with Desmond escaping from Abstergo with the help of Lucy Stillman. They wind up at a safe house with two more Assassins in the shape of friendly Rebecca Crane and sarcastic wiseShaun Hastings. With a new Animus, Desmond must use it to relive the memories of another of his ancestors, this time the legendary Assassin Ezio Auditore da Firenze. Ezio is my favourite Assassin in the series and is hugely popular with fans. His likable personality and charisma really makes you root for him. His story is tragic, as he is betrayed early on and embarks upon a quest of vengeance upon those responsible. We spend over twenty years in his shoes which showcases great character growth as Ezio ages. The story is much improved from its predecessors and is substantially longer without dragging on.One word here. Variety. As i said in my review of the first game, it was repetitive and it suffered as a result but not so here. There are many different mission types all through the game and there is rarely a dull moment. A particular highlight was deploying a prototype flying machine across Venice to infiltrate a highly guarded palace. Ubisoft were clearly listening to criticism and improved the sequel in every single department. Better story, more variety, Assassin tombs and Templar caches to find, more weapons, twin hidden blades, more fluid movement and faster climbing, an economy and more. Its still impressive to this day. Not to mention having your own town that you can upgrade and then earn money from. Money is broken as hell though, as you soon have way too much than you can spend and it quickly becomes irrelevant.Supporting characters also bring it to the table here, with historical figures such as Leonardo Da Vinci, Niccolo Machiavelli, Caterina Sforza and Bartolemeo DAlviano all starring to varying degrees. Da Vinci in particular is your friend throughout and is constantly upgrading your gear, making the aforementioned flying machines and he and Ezio have a great relationship. Its all very well done indeed. Apart from Altair and Al Mualim in the first game, there wasnt anyone really worth mentioning. And there are more I havent mentioned, including plot armour wielding Rodrigo Borgia as the main villain.There are a few negatives worth mentioning of course. The camera likes to play games such as forcing Ezio to jump off ledges into thin air and making you fall often. This happens most in the Assassin tombs and can be frustrating. The combat is improved from the first but it is still very much a counter fest which can be charming in its way but is worth mentioning. Also the remix of the first game condensed in the admittedly brilliant Bonfire of the Vanities, tasking you to kill, you guessed it, nine targets. The execution is much better with more variety which shows what the first game could be in a potential remake. I was hard on it though in that game and thought Id be hypocritical not to mention it here.As you might be able to tell, I really love this game. I fell in love all those years ago playing this game for the first time and I enjoyed it even more this time around in what is my eighth run through. This is my favourite Assassins Creed game and I still think it is well worth a playthrough even today. The gameplay and story are still great and is the precursor for the rest of the series. It might not have the slick presentation in Brotherhood, the robust size and ambition of 3, the style and panache of Black Flag or the hauntingly beautiful finish of Ezios trilogy in Revelations, but in my heart this one still reigns supreme. Running in at around 20 hours, or 2530 if doing everything, you owe it to yourself to pick this up if you havent already. Play it, and play it now.Where other men blindly follow the truth, remember nothing is true.Where other men are limited by morality or law, remember everything is permitted.We work in the dark to serve the light. We are Assassins. 