The first Assasins Creed game I played and finished was Assasins Creed Origins. I played this game to help me understand the lore better.Assasins Creed 2 ReviewPros1. GREAT STORY AND CHARACTERS the story kept my interest throughout the entire game. There are also a lot of side characters that have a lot of depth to them and play significant roles. You know a story is good when you feel connected to not only the main character but also the characters he encounters.2. GREAT ENVIRONMENT The cities were very beautiful. Ubisoft did a great job creating different atmospheres for each location, such as cloudy and gloomy at Ezios villa and bright and sunny in the cities. Also, the cities were bustling with people running about doing their jobs, such as bards trying to sing to you, ladies of leasure flrting, hooligans causing trouble, package delivery men running around, priests preaching the end of times, and thieves being chased by guards. The enviroment was on a level that is sorely missed in some more recent games.3. HISTORICAL CHARACTERS In the game you encounter a lot of historical characters such as Leonardo Davinci, who had a great personality. I really felt like I was traveling back in time and living in that time period.4. THE GAME PLAY IS FUN...most of the time.5 GREAT CINEMATIC CUT SCENES I enjoyed watching the cinematic cut scenes. They helped me to feel imersed in the story. A lot better than the behind the shoulder views I was forced to watch in Assasins Creed Origins.6. I ENJOYED OWNING AND UPGRADING MY OWN HOUSE In the game you own a villa technically its your uncles. Anyways, you can upgrade the property and surrounding town architecture.CONS1. BAD CONTROLS AND MANEUVERING I  used an xbox controller to play the game, and even then playing the game felt a little difficult. For example, in order to go to the start menu I had to press down on the controller stick, so many times when I was fighting I would accidentally press down and go to the start menu. Probably more my fault then it was the games. Often times I would go to jump from a ledge, but instead of jumping Ezio would fall down and hang from the ledge. I also felt the game was not very responsive when I pressed certain buttons. For example, I would press Bdown to get Ezio to release a ledge or bar, and I had to press the buttons many times before he would actually let go. This can make the game frustrating. Especially when you have to chase people across rooftops.2. FIGHTING SYSTEM I didnt really enjoy the fighting system. There was a lot of button mashing. It really doesnt require too much in the way of skill and most of the time I would just sit and wait for someone to attack me so I could counter their attack and instakill them.3. BAD CAMERA ANGLES The camera angles definitely feel like something out of the stone age. I constantly found myself missing the verticle viewing angles from more recent games. There were also instances when the camera would get stuck at a bad angle as I went into a room or away from a wall.CONCLUSION all in all, I was very impressed by this game. The game doesnt have the best graphics, the maneuvering can be quite clumbsy, and the camera angles can sometimes suck, but the incredible atmosphere, great story, interesting characters, and gameplay kept me glued to my laptop for a full 24 hours.I would recommend this game! 