I hated the first Assassins Creed but decided to give this one a try when it was on sale. I still hate it. Boring, repetitive, uninspired, bad controls, crashes at least once every two hours, etc. On top of that, you have to install Ubisofts awful game service, make an account, and put up with its slow and poorlytimed updates. You have to be dedicated to play this game. First, you have to sit through up to an hour of pointless install. Then, it takes a good hour or two of very, very boring intro until you finally get to the meat of the game. For example, some of your first exciting missions include watching yourself be born, walking around some cubicles in a drab office building, carrying a crate around for your mommy while she talks with another grownup, climbing flights of stairs, and talking to everyone in the room to make sure that their feelings are heard. I am absolutely not kidding. These are your missions.When you finally do get to assassinate people, the combat is so stupidly easy that it feels pointless. Yes you can fight with a sword, and the enemies will block, etc. But if you just switch to your hidden blade, pretty much every time you press the X button it instakills an enemyno trouble at all. Once you get a double hidden blade, it instakills TWO enemies! Its not combat, its just pressing a button. It was more difficult to pick up the crate for my mother the first time because the controls are bad. Killing people is much easier than picking things up.But the absolute worst thing about this game is the stupid, stupid storyline. Despite their disclaimer, the people who made this game are clearly very hostile toward religion. Instead of real historical data, the game is filled with misinformation and twisting of facts that are told to you as though they were facts. Even Wikipedia is a better source of historical information than this gameand I am talking about the times when the game purports to be telling you historical facts, not about its fanciful storyline about the Knights Templar. I understand that when the game is being creative it does not have to be historically accurate. As for its creative storyline though, it may sound clever but honestly its just Gnosticism all over again. Reversing the Fall, making Adam and Eves sin into a good thing, this has been done already nearly two millenia ago. Secret societies, conspiracies... honestly, dont we have enough of this everywhere else?Maybe I would like the game if it were just a bit more believable. For example, if the people in renaissance Italy actually spoke and acted like people in renaissance Italy and not just like horny, crude Americans today. A little research would have done the writers a lot of good. For example, they wouldnt say Sunday service, they would say Mass. Women would not be allowed in the cloister of the monastery. Instead of saying priest for a parish priest they would say curate. But honestly all of this is superfluous first and foremost, if you murdered two men in renaissance Italyor even modern America, for that matterand then picked up their bloody corpses and dragged them out into the street, tossing them in front of a crowd of people, I dont think those people would simply glance at you and then continue going about their business. But this is exactly what they do in this game.Save yourself the frustration. Buy a better game, and avoid this overhyped series altogether. They will continue to pump out worthless assassin gamesthree or so every two yearsuntil the hype wears off.