Let me start by saying this game is fun after I fought the DRM for over an hour. Because the rest of this review can not focus on the game after the bitterness of getting it working. The game is fun, however getting it working is like doing taxes.Let me explain how this normally works. I buy a game I play a game. I buy a game I play a game. I buy a game I play a game  see how well this works? It is like a perfect circle.I buy assassins creed 2. I get an immediate road block. I have to install uplay, update it, update it again, update it again, and again, and again. I am not being funny about this. It updates for about a half an hour. And when I say this I mean Uplay updates  not the game  the launcher. For 30 minutes or so.While this is going on I have been reading about this uplay system and Assassins Creed 2. Disconnects you in the middle of the game, Check. Breaks your saves, check. Unable to be played in offline mode, check. Have to make an account on another system, check. According to what I heard and seen much of this is finally fixed. probably not.During this process I have immidiately decided that this game was a bad idea and that I do not like buying games from ubisoft. They, in the first few minutes after buying this game and getting it installed, have convinced me that I should be looking for a crack of somesort FOR A GAME I OWN. That I should move on to piracy methods to play a game I own without a hassle.Finally it is done updating  Wonderful! Now to make my account. I enter my account info and press submit. Uplay  No network connection. I go back to the video of an adorable kittty cat playing a keyboard on youtube... t. Again? Same. Long story slightly shorter, I end up going to their site and creating an account.Finally! After a bit more futzing I start the SINGLE PLAYER game in offline mode. Check my settings. Press play and....No network connection.Okon it. I ended up having to start the game in online mode before it would play at all. After this it would lett me play in sort of off line mode.Ok Ubisoft. I bought the game. I GAVE YOU MONEY. Why are you abusing me with this? I could have pirated the game, still very easy to do  Infact I almost grabbed the cracks during this just so I would not have to suffer any longer.At my customer hourly rate this game would have cost over 200 US dollars just to get into working order. Please justify that cost to me. No  no never mind, you cant.The game is great fun, if you can suffer through the uplay process. My advise is  Dont buy ubisoft games. They have gone insane on this whole pplz is steelin our gamez! kick. And software pirates are not the ones that suffer in the end. The legit buyers do.