Assassins Creed 2 takes a HUGE leap from its predecessor, taking all the good things from the last game and smoothing out everything else to a microscopic degree. If you skipped the first game although I highly reccomend you dont, more on that later the game takes the liberty of summing up all the important plot points in a cutscene at the very start of the game. The world is much more diverse than the first game where all the cities essentially looked the same and the story is FAR more expansive I played more than twice the amount of hours I did with the first one before I actually beat the game. Assassins Creed 2 also introduces the use of the Uplay server which, despite having very poor feedback towards it, is more of a cool additional feature than it is a nuisance. Here are some of the major points I have about this game  is positive,  is negativeThe game is incredibly immersive and makes you form real connections with each and every character you are introduced to.SO MANY SIDE MISSIONS/COLLECTIBLES, but nowhere near as difficult as the flags from AC1 and each sidequest rewards you with real ingame rewards./ Uplay has some very good parts about it, and some slight bad ones. The bad thing is that in order to play any Assassins Creed title from this game forward, you MUST download a seperate Uplay launcher on the Ubisoft website and make an account before you are able to play it which would have been nice to know before buying the game. The good of it is that you will get certain achievements throughout the game that award you with Uplay credits, which you can spend in the Uplay shop for additional content in the game. No real money is required, the rewards are neat, and you get the awards for just playing through the game.The Uplay wallpaper for this game is AWFUL. I cant even explain how terrible of a wallpaper it is. Unless youre a completionist, I wouldnt bother with it.The missions add so much to the story and theyre so diverse in fashion that youll hardly realize youve spent four hours of your life trying to finish that sequence or complete this collection.They dont give any explanation of what control does what at the beginning of the game, so its difficult to get used to it. This is easily fixed by simply playing the first game, that goes much further into depth about how to use the controls. After that, it gets pretty easy.All in all, Assassins Creed 2 is one of the greatest games I have ever played. The story is fantastic, the mechanics are phenomenal, the side missions will keep you locked in for hours alone, and the progression is so rewarding. I HIGHLY reccomend this game actually, this entire SERIES to any gamer out there who might not have tried it. 