When this game was first released, I figured ubisoft had worked out the problems of its predecessor, assassins creed. And if they had, this game would easily have racked up a very high score in my personal and otherwise uninteresting score book. Unfortunatley, assassins creed II is much like the first title there are a lot of good ideas, I mean A LOT of good ideas, but most of them are poorly implemented.If you havent played assassins creed before you played this game, youll have less use for this review.Main CharacterEzio Auditore is a lot less oh look, stabbity stab stab, Im an assassin than Altair was, and has a depth you can appreciate. At the start of the story, Hes a stereotypical italian rich youngster, a womanizer and well... Sort of forgettable to be honest. But as you progress through the story, he matures and becomes more and more interesting.StoryThe story is still quite linear and predictable, following classic dramturgic structures. Thats not to say its bad, only that you can sort of catch whats going to happen and the plot twists are not twists as much as they are... Plot... Turns. Winks maybe? Desmonds story, the man whose memories youre exploring but who in no way is the protagonist, funny enough, gets his own fleshed out story arch. You get to understand him more, and his relation with his coworkers. Still, in spite of predictability and linear story line, it is enjoyable and doesnt veer too much into the unbelievable. The story is probably assassins creed IIs main strength, because like most of ubisofts games, it suffers from poorly executed ideas.ControlsHeres where assassins creed screws things up a bit. See Altair always felt like an assassin. He stabs his victim, then runs away and hides until the guards give up. Thats what an assassin does. He doesnt have it in for the guards. Theyre just people trying to get paid to do a job. Hes after specific targets, and fleeing after an assassination is almost always your very best method to avoid getting caught. Not so for Ezio. Your best bet with Ezio is almost always to stay and fight until everyone is dead. Ezio is a lot less assassinesque than Altair was, in spite of having a lot more tools at his disposal. I dont know why ubisoft chose to take the gameplay in that direction. Perhaps because its fun and looks quite impressive with all the fight animations. I dont know, but through all of assassins creed II, I never felt a very much like Im an assassin. I always felt like richkidgivenassassinstools. A fighter, who isnt an assassin by choice, but by necessity.Funny enough, that is actually reflected somewhat in Ezios gear and story. He comments on it being nice to be able to fight up front and personal rather than having to sneak at one point, and as you gain upgrades, his armor more and more resembles plate armor. Perhaps saying that Ezio in this title isnt very much an assassin isnt too imprecise.In either case. You are introduced to a lot of different missions through the game, and that is a problem rather than something good. When I say its a problem, I mean its a problem when it comes to the controls. Especially on PC, the controls are not suited for the missions you are handed. You might have a mission to stalk someone, but fail because Ezio starts climbing a wall rather than run up to a corned. You might want to stab someone with a poison blade, but end up shoving them, or falling down instead. In some cases, youre supposed to chase your victim, but you might fail because Ezio decides to sit down on a bench instead of jumping unto a crate.The boon of assassins creed, free running, is also the bane of the missions you are asked to perform. This is unfortunate, because those same controls is what allows you to think outside the box. The game often seems to suggest that you are supposed to think outside the box. But if you do think outside the box, deciding to use a throwing knife instead of backstabbing, or a gun instead of poison, you will quickley find that ubisoft wants you to get back in the box.Many events are scripted so that you cannot succeed before the game wants you to succeed, and those instances are frustrating for you as a player. They mean you are not rewarded for going outside of the old sneaksneakstab mode. You are not rewarded for trying to bypass guards to get to your target. You are not rewarded when you try to implement a plan to use the various tools at your disposal. Instead, you are being punished.But still. In spite of all this, assassins creed comes recommended. The story about Ezio Auditore is easily the best story the assassins creed franchise has to offer, and youd be passing up something good if you decide not to wade through ubisofts well intended, but ultimately wonky gameplay. 