To me, the essence of what I wanted in a game focused around historical assassins can be summed up as thus Go to interesting places, meet interesting people, and then kill them. Assassins Creed II fulfills this better than any game in the series at the time of writing this in early 2015. The gameplay is smooth, but the combat system has suffered with age, and feels stale despite its originality at release. This is not to say it is a bad system. Combat, as well as the movement mechanics both still feel responsive and precise enough to allow for the game to be playable with little frustration. Graphically, the game was very solid for its time, and while technically it has visibly aged, it still is good enough to convey the games solid aesthetic details that help to build a believable version of the atmosphere of renaissance Italy.That atmosphere gets put to work in the games three major cities, as well as several minor towns and castles, and does a fair job of bringing them all to life. While many areas of all the cities could be interchangeable, they also feature excellent representations of the cities historical landmarks and unique features that will dominate the majority of your exploration that the interchangeability is very rarely an issue.The writing, like much else in the game, is serviceable, and builds a large roster of reasonably written and interesting characters, and while there are a few misses, there are an equally many solid hits. Characters like Leonardo Da Vinci and Machiavelli are solidly writen, performed, and acted. Lesser characters that make up the majority of your assassination targets are interesting but also forgettable, but serve their purpose as receptacles for your assortment of pointy bits of metal very well. The plot is rather goofy on a large scale, but on a smaller scale, the plot surrounding each major target is reasonably well written.This isnt a masterpiece in any way. Its not a great action game, its not a great stealth game, it lacks a stand out narrative. But it lets you go to interesting places, meet interesting people, and kill them, which is enough for me.