First the good.  The gameplay is quite fun for the most part good action sequences and fun assassination moves.  The map is very much to be lauded  a great deal of effort went into the design and it really shows.  Excellent to be able to climb some of those buildings and implausible as the physics may seem to leap from a great height into hay or water.  The story was relatively engaging and there was enough puzzle to be interesting w/o being Tombraider Tedious.  Some of the gameplay became rather repetitive, doing the same thing again and again.  And though the weapons are relatively cool, you dont really need most of them.  Throwing knives and pistol are worthless.  Swords were good, knife was better.  But most of the game could have been achieved with nothing more than fists and hidden blades.  The fighting contribution of the hidden blades alone was excellent.  The buying and collecting of items was pretty cool, though it was very easy to get healed as there were as many doctors as courtesans in the streets and healing potions aplenty.  Dying clothes was a bit, um, gay but there were some advantages to being able to collect artworks.  Collecting feathers was for the birds and I eventually just gave up on it.  Most of the puzzles were fun, both in the Renaissance portion and in the scifi portion though the latter got pretty frustrating after awhile.  I would have added a stealth, or sneak, mode  use of shadows maybe like in thief.Then the bad.  First, the sknk factor of Ezio was extremely boring.  Hes a total manslt both in his ubiquitous and quite unnecessary womanizing, his bling, his waxed chest and sculpted beardish.  Even the hoodie and the dangly bits on his jacket were just... boring.  But thats rather trivial.  More negative was the twisting of history  interesting enough to see the sights recreated in meticulous detail and certainly the historical characters were fun to interact with both Leonardo DaVinci and Nicolo Machiavelli, though more of the latter was needed.  The Borgias show up and are fairly vile but the bending of history or the negative and antireligious spin put on things was again, obnoxious.  The game proves a bit buggey in places and some glitches that could have been fixed.  Still, thats not the main.  The main disagreement is with the denouement at the end.  gery, twisting of history and some bad gameplay can all be overlooked.  Ha  Steam wont let me write gery! But the story seems to end in one great hunt of evil henchmen... then it keeps going... then you go to Rome, but only part of Rome... then you have to kill the Borgia pope which, again, I had no problem doing... then you cant kill him so it drags out into a smack down... but then he doesnt offer a challenge... and then you meet the aliens sorry, spoiler, but who cares?... and then you have to get out of the animus machine... and then you fight the templars while the credits roll... and then... and then... it just drags on and on.  The game gets to a point where you WANT it to end  and, for those who cant tell, thats a bad thing.  Something of a let down, but I guess given the umpteen sequels it was just a mizzen game anyway.Overall, worth playing, just some things that could have been better.