Assassins Creed II is a perfect example of how to make a sequel. Theres definitely a good reason why this one is a fan favorite. The basic story is that Ezio Auditore is seeking vengeance and is trying to rid Italy of the Templars. He soon uncovers a bigger plot that will affect more than just Italy. Now, just like with every other Assassins Creed game, this one takes place in a historic location and time period. This time, we dive into Italy during the period of rebirth, The Renaissance. Before I talk a little more about Italy, lets go talk about the combat.Now, if youve played Assassins Creed, youll know that the combat system in that one was pretty good, but theyve definitely made improvements. Weapons, for starters, have definitely been given an upgrade. Theres a multitude of weapons, like maces, hammers, swords, daggers, throwing knives, and even a wrist pistol! There are different tiers of certain weapons Mainly swords that have different stats. Some add more damage, while some are quicker. In my opinion, the sword is the way to go. Its kind of like Mario in Mario Kart, generally good all around at all of the stats. One very noticable difference from the first game is you know have TWO hidden blades.Two hidden blades allow you to stealthly take down enemies easier and faster! Now you can kill two guys with one go. The hidden blade mechanics have also been improved. You can jump off legdes to take down enemies, you can effectivally use them in fights unlike in AC 1, and you can also ledgeshank guards. This simple change is one of the great improvements from the first game. Now, general combat has also changed. Its more brutal, gives you more freedom, and works really well. Also, more death animations have been added, to satisfy your bloodlust.If you remember just a little bit ago, I mentioned a wrist pistol. What exactly does it do, you might be wondering. Well, it definitely kills people. The wrist pistol is a ranged weapon that you get later on in the game and is definitely not something you saw in AC 1. In terms of usefulness, its pretty nice. Its definitely not something youd use for being steathy, because its loud as heck! Its great for clearing out those annoying rooftop archers though. Still on the subject of weapons, throwing knives are still in the game and they really havent changed from AC 1. Some more weapons that have been added include a poison blade and a smoke bomb Which is kind of a weapon, but it cant really hurt anyone xD.Alright, so whats the enemy AI like? Well, honestly, the combat is really easy in this game. There are a couple of difficult sections, but theyre not that hard. The combat is still fun so, theres that. The AI isnt the brightest AI, but theyre definitely not the stupidest. There are a few different enemy times, such as archers, your standard guard, armored dudes, and heavily armored dudes Which can be a pain.Okay, so weve got all of the combat stuff out of the way, now lets move on to some more stuff. So, the game has a system known as notoriety, which is just the level of ablitiy the guards have for recognizing you. If you have high notoriety and a guard sees you, theyll go after you. If you have a lower level of it and stay around for too long, theyll probably go after you. In order to get rid of this, you have to remove wanted posters, bribe people spreading the word about, and sometimes even kill a fool. The system overall is pretty cool and works well. It can also make you more careful as what you do.Another great thing about this game is its level variety. It never really feels like youre doing the same thing! Sure, there are assassination missions where youre given a target and youve got to assassinate them but hey, you dont have to go around and collect intell like in AC 1. There are a couple of things you do a couple of times, but the levels are unique. Without spoiling anything, theres a level that takes place in a carnival, as well as a level where you fly a glider!Yet another great thing about this installment is the characters. The characters are very wellwritten and well voiced! Youll notice a few famous faces in your journey. The characters are very fun and you build a connection to them over time. Also, the main character, Ezio, is a really great character. Hes not dull cough Connor cough and he, like the story, is very wellwritten. Also something to note is the music. The music is absolutely amazing and is probably my favorite soundtrack from any AC game followed by Black Flags.Weve basically covered everything here except for one thing...the map. Just like in real life, Italy is beautiful in the game. The graphics are pretty great for its time and the maps look great as well. The maps youll travel through are pretty large and very diverse. You can travel through them by boat Yes, you can actually swim in this one or by horse. You can also fast travel back to each of the locations. Ive personally never been to Italy, but Ive seen pictures and it definitely looks accurate!Overall, this is probably the best game in the series! The characters are amazing, the music is great, the story is incredible, and the combat is so good!  If you havent played this game, I HIGHLY recommend checking it out. I definitely recommend starting for the first game, but youd probably be fine starting from this one too.Also, just note that this game does use UPlay