I just finished the game and I have a very strange feeling about it. I cant stop myself to measure it to the first game. But generally I liked it.First of all, the first class work what the team of the Ubisoft done with places, clothes and conversations is magnificent. It really makes you feel, that you are in the renessaince. The good old fighting system dont make any dissapointment and the guards AI has got better, there are fast ones who can outrun you and there is inteligent ones, who can find you, and there are more fighting style of them too. And what was a great relief for me, our main character finally can swim. Yeah! It was really annoying that the almost super human assassin drowned in the every little water.The beginning of the story is quite good, it just continues where the first left off. But Ezio wont be my favorite a spoiled kid at the first and that wont really change untill the last chapters. Altair was a complex character with serious character development. Many times in the conversations, when Ezio tries to think, I just thought Oh, man.But stories rhythm is quite curious I felt aprox. threefour time a peak, where I got the feeling that the game will end now and... It did not end, it was ok once or twice, but after that it was too much for me.The side quests were interesting and the restauration of Montereggioni Villa was quite a good idea. I really liked and waited when can I pay the last of my money on her.The assassins tombs were a good basic idea to take some dexterity game in the thing, it made the game more diverse. Searching for codex pages and the truth was exciting too, but the glyph puzzles were not balanced, some of it is too easy and some is really hard, and it do not really have a order, that it goes from the easy to the hard.An another thing deserve a word. I think Leonardo is the best sidekick ever. I like his style and he was useful, but did not pamper Ezio.The thing, that we can choose weapons, outfits and even the color of our clothes are convinient, while it let us choose our  fighting style, wether we like heavy or light and fast weapons, it is up to us. And the developing of the handblade season it too.So in summary I liked this game. There were really good ideas, which made interesting side lines for the player. We could explore a little beside the main quest line. But Altairs character is more complex and more interesting than Ezios. And rhythm of the last chapters were not the just the real thing for me. 