Total Score 82/100 B TinFoil IntensifiesGraphics and Art  8Sound and Music  8Story and Plot  10Controls  8Creativity and Uniqueness  7Mood and Immersion  8Length, Content, and Replayability  10Functionality  9Character Choice and Customization  6Challenge  8The notsosilent assassin is back! And this time, its a different one, but basically the same, and thats ok! So, if theres a game that followed the original faithfully, its Assassins Creed 2, and theres a lot of interesting things going on with this game, not least of which is the inclusion of historical Italian archetecture along with some descriptions and stuff, so maybe, just maybe, someone will learn something...something other than how to stab people and walk away. So, its basically like a New York Public school except you leave knowing something about the world! Theres a lot to say about this game...the plot is excellent and unique, theyve gone through the trouble of creating a universe worthy of the big screen actually, in truth, much better than most modern movies, the game is fun to play, theres a lot to explore, etc, etc. Theyve even included money, though you end up being a millionaire by the natural end of the game with nothing else to spend the cash on, but hey, its a start, and game economies are hard to do well. There are fun to find collectables more fun than finding all the flags in AC1, I promise, and the game functions pretty well. I think I had, maybe 2 CTDs in 50 hours of play, so, not too shabby for a port. And, the character is easy enough to control on PC, with uncontrollable camera angles only appearing a few times a few times too many. And, the saves are done well enough for a consoler. The immersion in this game is also a big plus  environmental sounds, city life, etc, making you just want to walk through the crowd from time to time. All in all, a solid game, though certainly not an opus. Assassins Creed 2 wont totally rock your world or anything, but it does everything it does very well, and its worth the time it takes to play it. 