Right out of the bat Im going to say it... Assassins Creed 2 manages to improve on and in most cases correct a lot of the mistakes made in the first Assassins Creed. The story flows more naturally, the environments are lively and invite you to explore... and theres no horrible hub map that seemingly is just home to a horde of angry guards guarding pointless view point towers!Ezio as a character has more life and soul too, which only helps the story along. It allows you to easily get to know him and makes his pimping actions across Italy enjoyable. Theres just something fun about running around the roof tops of Italy and generally acting like the biggest lad in all of Rome. I cant really explain it, but its there  fun.That was an element I felt was lacking in the first Assassins Creed game where everything felt like a chore a long drawn out chore with little reward.In Assassins Creed 2 there are no chore out moments to progress the games content, the memory cores are all linked together and essential  so theres no climb a viewpoint, evesdrop on this guy and pluck a chicken style build up to Assassinations. Instead all story elements are told through memory segments, which allows the game to flow and the pace to build and fall in such a way that the game doesnt drain you emotionally or bore you to death.However, having said that I personally found Memory Block 12  13 to be totally out of place and to ruin the pace of the game. I found out that these chapters were the added DLC, which would explain to the tacked on feel they had and the horrible pacing.All things considered looking back that was my only real issue with the game, which is amazing considering the mountain of issues I had against the first Assassins Creed.Personal highlights for me were just the random events that would happen due to the Havoc/Ragdoll physics going a bit strange. Not in a terrible buggy kind of way, just natural mistakes happening such as people falling off buildings or running into each other. It was those natural unexpected events which caused me to laugh the most, it made the world feel alive. Also, I get some sort of sick enjoyment out of seeing Ragdoll death mechanics contort bodies... Im not entirely sure why Ive admitted that in written form, but there we go.Ill go seek help.The story was another bonus in Assassins Creed II, as it expands on the strange historic, yet future pretense blend set in Assassins Creed. Drawing influences from Templars and... Tron?! Well perhaps. There werent too many Desmond scenes in this game, but the few you have are interesting and finally expand on his connection everything happening with Assassins Creed.I dont want to say much more as it might spoil content, but I really enjoyed it and the ending... and the credits strangely enough.Overall, if youve been interested in Assassins Creed but have been weary, I would recommend checking out an edited Youtube video of the Assassins Creed cutscenes as a lead in towards actually playing Assassins Creed II. The rest builds up and hooks in to Assassins Creed Brotherhood and Revelations. 