I enjoyed this game immensely. I played through the first title last year, and I enjoyed that one quite a lot as well, but every time I mentioned how much I enjoyed the first one, inevitably someone would retort, Yes, but have you played the second one? To be honest, I really didnt see where the second title in the series could bemuch better than the first. I had seen gameplay videos and everything seemed fairly samey.I still stand by the first game as being an enjoyable experience, but ACII winds up being anexperience.First and foremost the story in this game plays out on anscale. The first game was great in that it introduced the concepts integral to the series, but this game meticulously crafts those set pieces into an epic tale of revenge, redemption and growth. While Altair seemed a bit like a faceless soldier of the Assassins Order, Ezio is a well rounded character with human strengths and flaws. Over the course of 10 years Ezio experiences ultimate loss, and absolution through the Order and through his own personal quest.One of the things thats an amazing strength of this series is how it takes real historical people and places, and then interweaves them seamlessly into the mythology of the series. ACII is astounding in this regard. There is so much attention to detail that the entire game seems plausible, and further that you are witnessing a living breathing rendition of renaissance Italy and its colorful inhabitants.Another aspect where the game shines is in its attention to detail in terms of intricate conspiracies, playing out over the course of centuries. If youre a conspiracy buff, or a fan of works like The Da Vinci Code and Holy Blood, Holy Grail, you will likely find plenty to enjoy here. Theres just so much content to absorb regarding various political intrigues, and shady nefarious illuminati type groups manipulating world events behind the scenes. Its a game that rewards you for digging deeply into its sizable database of people, locations, documents, decodable glyphs and various other errata.Naturally the the free running game play mechanics for which the series is famous for really shine here. The other core element of the gameplay is of course assassination, and it feels and plays here better than ever. For this outing Ezio sportsarm blades meaning that you can assassinate two targets simultaneously. Add to that the various new and assorted deadly gizmos at his disposal provided to Ezio vis a vis afamous Italian renaissance painter and inventor, and hes anformidable opponent. In fact the game makes you feel like an absolute, regardless of whether you choose to take a stealth approach for minimum body count, or if youd prefer hack and slash your way through the legions that oppose you shock and awe!. You are a walking razor blade, andwill stand in your way between you and your target. In regards to this latter point I should point out that the combat in this game has been improved significantly from that seen in the first game. Ultimately the gameplay in ACII feels natural, smooth and exhilerating.One element Ubisoft added to this game which really shines, is that youre tasked with raiding the tombs of various famous assassins. These areas wear the Tomb Raider influence on their sleeves, but when you combine that with excellent freerunning mechanics, they are an absolute joy to play. Theyre basically like a puzzle based free running mini game. Awesome!One misstep present in the first game, that also rears its head here, is that the analog controls can betouchy at times during freerunning and climbing segments. I know Ive raved about how good those sections are and they really are, but sometimes Ezio will be in the middle of an epic freerunning line or several stories above the streets of Venice, when all of a sudden hell freak out like an epileptic monkey on crack, and jump in a completely unexpected direction. This will often spell disaster if youre high up off the ground or chasing after a fleeing target, and it can definitely lead to some rage inducing WTF moments. All told though those moments are fleeting, and certainly didnt diminish my enjoyment of the game.I almost forgot to mention it, but the Super Mario Bros. reference at one point was pretty much one of the highlights of the game for me. I wont spoil it, but youll know it when you see it. Theres also a random pedestrian comment you hear occasionally regarding, a capering crusader. Ha! Classic!All told I had a really good time with this one, and I cant wait to see where Ezios adventures take him next in AC Brotherhood after a suitable cool down period of course. Too much of a good thing is stillmuch. My personal GOTY? Maybe! 