So, Ive finished AC2. For the first time. In 2017.Honestly, the game totally does not need my recommendations. I just want to talk about it!I want to start with saying I was taken entirely by surprise by how much I loved AC1 also in 2017. Yes, yes, the ice did just melt over that rock Id lived under for the last three thousand years...Ah! Not to hold that one person whod read this a generous estimate in suspense, Ive liked the game.But, unlike the countless multitudes, I really disliked Ezio Auditore. He was just too much, and did not really feel like an Assassin. Altair was way better! Also, I felt that the beautiful trailer misled me. It promised a culmination of the game during the carnival, and the game did not finish there. And it was not as exciting as pictured, but still fun.After AC1 I expected a slick game very focused on a delivery of powerful, memorable moments with a few very, very interesting characters. What I got was a buffet of many wee little things. Gods, AC2 is bloated... the codex in no way replaces the masterfully done short stories of every Altairs target in AC1... Ezio has to do away with halfItaly, and most of them are forgotten the moment he stops his Latin prayer for the dead.We also get stronghold, the butcher, the backer and the armor maker shops, the endless enforced womanizing, Don Ezios gigantic family each demanding a collectothron that really did not help me to bond with the character and getting into the story for the first five hours of the game or so.Then the game improved, the bloat got managed, the florins poured in... and the addition of the Tombs was actually really cool. Except, yeah, the tombs were very cool, but the reward was only granted for all 6 done, and I did 4 and gave up on the fifth after a while. Alas, it was not for a casual player with an imprecise control of the keyboard. The multiple sidejumps it required with a tight timer and precise alignment... and that at the point in the game when the main story drums were beating, beating, beating.... gods, I wish I was better, but falling and swimming, falling and swimming, and starting over again 20 times defeated me.The two DLCs jammed before the end sequence did not improve the game either, particularly the lackluster Sforza and Forl one.The Bonfires with Savonarola was more interesting, basically feeling like a tribute to Altair and AC1, with Ezio going through the collection of nine sinners seduced by the power of the Apple, but it highlighted the weaker aspect of the AC2 for me vs AC1. Obviously, the scenes were far more lavish and the characters far more interesting in AC1. But barring that, Altair was consistent. He had sort of a detached curiosity and a shade of doubt. He managed to convey a dispassionate regret of sorts. Ezio was all over the place, telling some men it was not their fault, telling another he should have resisted, and coming down hard on others.Savonarolas expose cutscene did not do the character justice at all. It was minuscule compared to the insane mad charisma the character possessed to through the whole city into the frenzy. Ezios speech foreswearing vengeance and not following anyone was cheesier than the Dawn Will Come scene in Inquisition...The other thing that Ubisoft saved the florins on, and should not have had imo was only aging Ezio, but leaving his crews models unchanged over the years, not even their outfits. They did a good job stripping the bloom of youth from Ezio, and in an economical way. My imagination did readily supply that he was also heavierset, more powerful but slower as we fastforwarded through his thirties and entered his forties. Seeing everyone else frozen in time and gathered in the same cutscene with aged Ezio thus was jarring.I did like the mission design in the Savonarola DLC though, despite the ship stealth one making me scream in anger a few times, particularly when it seemed to go into the assassination screen, but then spit Ezio back on the roof instead not showing desynch.And right after foreswearing vengeance, Ezio changed his mind and raced after Rodrigo with glee.Thats were the DLC really hurt the game, because the beat of the events, the pace was unmistakable, and it just made me sad I lost it with the detour. I loved that end sequence, arriving battered and with halfshattered armor and shooting Rodrigo in the chapel from the high platform. Oh, how I wished I used the pistol more! Darn silly of me... thing is, even after two games, I have no idea how to throw the daggers, but shooting is easy.Anyway, the last battle was fun, but the scifi bit was an inferior take on the Battle Star Galacticas reveal...Then I got more of Mr.Dull and Miss Lucy, and that was it.I do wish the tombs were easier for a casual, because that would have improved my game a lot to have that Altairs tribute. And, in the end, I still feel that despite undeniably being very entertaining, AC2 does not hold up to the benchmarks set by the AC1 in terms of pacing, effectiveness of the cutscene, interesting characters and a compelling lead.Brotherhood will be next once I satisfy that other compulsive gaming impulse and play with a girl and with the dialogue choices, and stuff for a bit 