     Assasins Creed 2      Just like the original game, gameplay is so tight. Its incredible fun jumping from roof to roof, escaping enemies and assinating them from stealthy positions. The storyline is very engaging. The characters are well fleshed out and the dialogue is well written and funny at times. Animations are varied and very well done, sound design is great. The game ran perfectly with no major bugs or breaking. Altought a few years old the cities are still pretty breathtaking. As youre sitting atop a tall building looking down on a vibrant city, you cant help but be amazed at times. The game is very easy. I played on normal difficulty initially and it was a walk in the park. They only times youre really going to fail is being discovered during a stealthy mission or falling from a large height which is sometimes the fault of a bad camera angle I did mention the gameplay is great, and it is, but at times it can be frustrating when Ezio doesnt do what you want him to. Also they added a monetary system which felt like a waste. I always had tonnes of money, so much so that it became redundant. Costs 100 to fast travel somewhere? Cool just take it out of my 1,000,000. This also made purchasing health too easy, in turn making an already easy game, even easier. The AI at times felt a little weak. On the roof of a huge building while its occupant is worried about an assasin? The guards will just tell you to get down. That guy will get fired. Escort missions can be a tad frustrating and even one time an enemy half way across the city somehow could still see me when he got stuck. I had to travel all the way to kill him as he walked into a wall. Although there is a lot of variation, some of the missions types become quite stale towards the end.Assassins Creed 2 is a great game. Its flaws are minor and are completely outshined by its slick parkour gameplay and its captivating story, brimming with colorful characters. 10 euro is well worth it and the game still holds up today.