Ok, its really difficult to review this game. It does SOME things REALLY well the characters are really intriguing and it draws you nicely into its universe. In the beginning, youre thinking WOW, what a game.But then as you actually try to PLAY the game, its significant weaknesses begin to show, and then to annoy. Heres a list of my criticisms that made me go from Im addicted  this better never end, to yawn, this game is annying as hell and I wonder if I want to finish it1. It is a crappy console port. The controls are dumbed down for the average console player with a restricted controller, rather than an accurate mouse and a decent keyboard. So the game cant let you aim and choose the direction of your movement instead, it tries to guess where you want to go/whom you want to attack etc. This can be a bit annoying when trying to jump to a precise spot, and the game keeps guessing the wrong spot and lets your character jump there instead.Also, the thirdperson view with the camera is annoying as especially in the platform jumping sequences. First off, you cant look around in all directions  which sometimes makes it hard to find stuff like runes/feathers because you cant look all the way up. Second, in some of the timed jumpfrompoletopole sequences, the designers figured the player is too stupid to find the way, so the camera FORCES you to look in the right direction, which essentially suddenly restricts your usual movement  especially in the harder timed sequences. So if you were planning to run a little curve and try to steer by looking where you go, you suddenly cant and the game will interpret your jump wrongly and let you jump to your doom... Trying too hard to make it easy for supernoobs ruins the game for people who have played shooters where you actually have to aim...2. The game is ridiculously easy for the most part  except for the superannoying timed jumping sequences.Fighting you can easily kill a whole group of guards, and even if a second group of guards happens to join the fight, no problem unless you are too stupid to spam your left mouse button. This means you begin by playing this game like a Deus EX/Thief game, trying hard not to alert the guards  but once you figure out that they cant hurt you, are not scared of enemies anymore and simply run from waypoint to waypoint to complete your missions without paying attention. ruins the atmosphere.Economics after you completed 25 of the game, you will be FLOODED in money. Simply start by renovating the bank, like the game tells you, then play for 12 hours more, do all the remaining renovations and you will have way more money than you can possibly spend. This ruins the point of being able to pickpocket money in the street/seaching for loot boxes, and completing side missions  whose only point is more money, of which you already have too much. Which brings me toSide missions superrepetitive! Its either a race run through all the waypoints within a given time, or deliver a letter within x seconds, or a kill these people, or beat up my unfaithful husband. Yawn after the 15th mission...Fighting Like I already said theres absolutely no reason to use any of the weapons you can buy, or any of the disarm/dodge/push/headbutt/taunt/defend moves you can learn. Simply equip your assassins weapon, spam the left mouse button until all enemies are dead. If too many, it will take too long, so throw a smoke grenade  your first or second kill victim will drop a new grenade. If low on heath, use a health pack, your first or second kill will drop a new one... YAWN.I really wish the developers would have assumed that the players of this game arent all idiotic spastic mentally  16yearolds with NO ability to learn a game, figure out its economics and fighting mechanisms etc. Now, the easy fix for all of this would have been to include a difficulty setting which makes fighting actually dificult, sneaking inevitable and saving money and considering what to purchase necessary  but THERE IS NO DIFFICULTY SETTING and everything is tuned to the lowest fullidiot setting.Having said that you can still have a lot of fun with this game if you just pretend you have to be scared of the enemies and if you focus on the atmosphere, exporing the nice cities and landscapes, experiencing the awesome historical setting and rich background information on all the locations and characters. BUT if you have played games from the Bioshock, Deus Ex, or Thief series, you will feel very annoyed at the developers at many points because of the above reasons and you cant help but feel that playing this game is a bit pointless because it presents no challenge to the player and doesnt punish mistakes. 