IntroductionThe first assassins creed game was an interesting one. It had a great vision, but because it was the first it was difficult to make a perfect game. So after seeing that the first assassins creed was nothing more than okay, they made a new one. Assassins Creed 2 is a game setting place in renaissance Italy. You play as Desmond Miles just like in the first game, and trough the Animus you follow the story of assassin Ezio Auditore.GameplayThe free running experience that this game gives you is already a huge improvement from assassins creed 1. The free running is faster, more improved and less annoying. Though the fighting is still a bit boring to my experience. If you would fail making an assassination you will have to fight with the opponents instead. And that fighting mode is not very interesting, just very repetitive en not actually quite dull. The game is pretty well made and feels very playable but it also gives you a few bugs. I didnt find any game breaking bugs but there were a few bugs that could be pretty annoying. But no major problems there.StoryThe story sets place in both the modern time and renaissance Italy. In my opinion this is a great time to set an assassins creed game, and it is a very fun one. The story is about Desmond Miles going in the memory of his ancestor Ezio Auditore. You see his story throughout the game and you play as him of course. It is an interesting story but can also be a bit vague. Because after I played about half the game I thought to myself, what am I actually doing. And its fun that at the ending Ezio himself kind of has the same feeling. You go trough the game murdering Templars trying to understand why. And eventually you will get an idea. Still the story is difficult to follow sometimes. Also this game feels like it takes a few months ingame to finish. But it actually takes much longer. And the Aging of Ezio is a strange one, but because I dont to spoil I wont say too much about that.Graphics/SoundThe graphics are pretty nice for a game that came out in 2009. It feels pretty new actually and it doesnt have any major texturing problems. It just looks great and it plays like it looks.Play time/ReplayabilityI played this game for about 20 hours but i must say that after 10 hours the game already got a bit boring and just wanted to finish it. I wouldnt say that this is one of those games you want to fully complete and do all you can in. But I do see myself replaying this game a few years in the future. because of the story and fun gameplay.Final RecommendationI do really recommend you playing this game. though it might feel a bit long while playing you will have a lot of fun. And especially seeing that the game is pretty cheep nowadays, it is most worth it. I do recommend playing the original Assassins Creed first. because the story will make more sense, And you will appreciate that improvements allot.Overall i would give this game an 8.5 for it is a very good and fun game.