This is the first Assassins Creed that Ive played. I recommend this game, its a good game with a very good story.I began with Asssassins Creed 2 because before buying I toke a look at the forum of the game, and saw several reviews about  Assassins Creed 1, and several people say the game is very good but with a lot of repeatitivy missions, and can be boring after some hours of gameplay. In the other side, I read good reviews about AC2, then I did a option to take Assassins Creed 2, Brotherhood and Revelations, and with it get a game and two after with the same protagonist, Ezio. I bought the games during a steam sale, and thought good to take 3 games at same time with a good price.At this time when I write this review, I have finished AC2 and started Brotherhood yesterday.Well, its an amazing game with amazing story, I really like the game and sure recommend it.Pros Amazing story, based on Italy near 1490, 1500. Some historical persons like Leonardo da Vinci, Machiavel, and others. Good mechanical of fights, with a variety of weapons, swords, and the hidden blade m/ Good side missions, some timely chalenged, some stealth. I didnt get bored with them. Several hours of gameplay. The evolve of habilities in fight and parkour during the game.Cons The 3rd person view sometimes sucks. Sometimes the camera changes, you didnt view the back of your person, view by the side, the controls change too. Sometimes it sucks a lot to do right directional jumps, and sometimes when a jump is wrong you need to return and restart the mission from the beginning, very anoying. Fortunatelly this type of problems begin when you are at 80 of the game. Because last explained, some missions is a pain in theto finish. Imagine like you play for 5 or 6 hours just to finish a mission with 5 minutes of duration. And when you go youtube for help, you see other players saying the same some anoying missions are really very, very anoying. The mechanism of stealth in this game seems some broke. I had played Far Cry 3 some time before, I really like stealth way of play, and in Far Cry 3 the AI and stealth works very better. The way the game shows controls during the game the game dont show the keys like E, shift, button 2, space, and instead shows icons related to the actions. Not a big problem, but take some time playing to fixing in mind these associations. I noticed it is better on Brotherhood that shows the keys instead of icons. A tip I swap right mouse button with shift key, I think is better to run by holding the shift key like in Battlefield, Call of Duty and other games instead of holding mouse button. Uplay DRM. Its not really a cons for me, fortunatelly I didnt get problem with uplay, but several people dont like uplay.