Scifi and fantasy are common settings in games. The creative freedom of designing characters and abilities without pretext allows boundless possibilities. Ubisoft Montral however breathes life into a real world historical backdrop. Assassins Creed II is a fascinating game set in Renaissance Italy in the late 15th and early 16th century.StoryThe game is set in various locations around Italy including Firenze, Venezia, Toscana and Forl. During the Renaissance period, Italy experienced a revolution in art, design, fashion, expression, food, drink, love and religion. Architects and inventors were encouraged to utilise their imagination. Men and women lessened their inhibitions and Catholic scholars embraced this passion to enjoy life. But beneath the surface were ploys to exploit the people, enhancing the political and cultural standings of the greedy. The desire of wealth and status embroiled hidden conflicts and espionage. The few that could see past the visage took it upon themselves to balance the justice by any means necessary.The game literally begins at the birth of Ezio Auditore da Firenze, an Italian born to a banker. Through his teenage years, we see him grow up in Florence, developing his fighting skills as well as his charm and womanising skills. But his angst impedes his promise of becoming an assassin, his fathers secret profession. Ezio is characterised brilliantly thanks to an excellent performance by Roger Craig Smith and writing that reveals his character traits over superb exposition. When his fathers lineage is revealed, Ezio must adapt quickly in order to protect his loved ones. This narrative urgency spurs Ezio on. It also manifests into the gameplay making the player focus on perfecting the mechanics of swordplay, parkour and assassinating.GameplayEzio inherits the abilities of his ancestor Altar to freerun and scale buildings. Taking advantage of this, Ezio can use the rooftops to traverse covertly and prey on his targets. The parkour animations are flawless with Ezio interacting with every surface and obstacle uniquely. Controlling the freerunning is fairly straight forward, not requiring much skill. But navigating the fastest way to evade, scale or traverse all whilst avoiding or attacking guards is incredibly entertaining. Ezios sword fighting skills are greatly improved over Altars. The new counter attack move allows more fluidity in the battles with more enemies attacking as a unit. Rather than attacking one at a time as in Assassins Creed, the enemies use their numbers to surround Ezio and strike from all sides. But Ezios gruesome counter means he can deal with the better AI as well as disarm and use their weapons against them.Despite being called Assassins Creed, the assassinations were a very small part of the first game. Limited to just 9 specific targets, the game was mostly based around reconnaissance missions that made you eavesdrop, pickpocket and tediously collect flags for some reason. The rigid structure got very repetitive making the last third of the game drag. Assassins Creed II breaks free of this structure and allows for more variety in the missions. Historical figures such as Leonardo da Vinci provide Ezio with new tools like the double hidden blade in exchange for collectable codex pages of the blueprints. Ezio also gains a Wheelock firearm for ranged assassinations later in the game. One mission even uses da Vincis flying machine as a way to infiltrate a targets fortress. The unpredictable variety of the missions coupled with the new gameplay mechanics, such as rowing gondolas, inspire surprise and delight in the experience.Horses return from Assassins Creed with the ability to use Ezios sword whilst on horseback. Guards will no longer attack the assassin if he is galloping on the horse but the city gates prevent the horses from entering the central streets. Evading enemies whilst being chased seems less frustrating than the first game but just as exhilarating. Although, the guards will now actively seek Ezios last known location including sticking swords into haystacks. Wells, balconies, rooftop gardens and carts can be used as cover as well as blending into crowds. When Ezios cover is blown, he will gain notoriety. Notoriety can be reduced by removing wanted posters, bribing heralds and assassinating officials. Wanted posters are so abundant though that removing them is the quickest and easiest method.The game also includes an economy system that allows Ezio to restore the town surrounding the Auditore villa in Monteriggioni. But the balance of florins is uneven with the estate fully restored early in the game. The flaws in the economy are highlighted when the deposit box constantly fills requiring returning to the estate just to receive the income. This was a rather pointless chore. Ezio can also invest in businesses to make a return but as money was freely available this didnt have a purpose. Collectables are more intricate than the original games flags. The Glyphs can be revealed with Eagle vision, which then involves solving puzzles to uncover the truth of Earths history. Tombs in the cities offer a fun distraction as Ezio navigates the platforming areas to get to the treasure. These sections highlight the intuitive parkour mechanics whilst making the player advance more tentatively. All whilst enjoying the stunning interiors of famous landmarks such as St. Marks Basilica in Venice.TechnicalThe art and design of the game is beautiful. The fashion, the architecture and the famous landmarks are all fantastically restored to their former glory. However, the textures dont quite look as sharp as in the first game. The sky doesnt vary much during the day and night cycle and the game invokes a slightly blurry look to hide the inconsistencies of the technical aspects. Occasionally a quick time event will occur, which seems unnecessary and distracting. However the sound of slicing steel through flesh is wholly satisfying and the score by Jesper Kyd is beautifully arranged. The voice actors also provide their likeness to the character models so the performances feel inherent to the character and highly engrossing.VerdictThe series has taken all the necessary steps to take the strengths of the first game and envelope them into a cohesive package with an innovative setting. Molto bene.89