Assassins Creed 2 is a game that many people look back on fondly. I remember my first time playing this at a friends house I was in awe and spent most of my time just killing civilians. It was such a new concept to me I had never played the first game and open worlds were not common outside of Grand Theft Auto. Indeed, it is often consider the best Assassins Creed game, but that really says a lot about the franchise because its... not great. In 2009 it was a perfect sequel to a very popular game that improved the best aspects of the original in almost every way. In 2018, its a clunky snorefest with really good music. And if you have fond memories of the game and are about to start refuting all my points, stop now. It simply does not hold up anymore, go about your life and keep the positive memories you have before I destroy them.So lets start with the good, and number one would be the music. Jesper Kyd did a knockout job as usual and it heightens some of the dullness of the gameplay and story. Its one of those soundtracks youd actually listen to on your own, outside of playing the game. Next, we have the graphics. The artstyle itself is very well done and I think it does a good job at what I imagine 1400s Italy would have looked like. Im actually impressed at how the game looks for being nearly 10 years old, but only up close. The pop in is atrocious but I guess thats a sacrifice that had to be made for rendering such a large game world on the hardware of the time. A smaller, final note, the outofAnimus sections of the game are very short and far between. They are so infrequent that I sometimes completely forgot about that part of the plot which is a positive thing.Unfortunately, thats about it for the good. Everything else is average or worse. We can start with the story, which admittedly has a pretty great first act. It brings you in pretty quickly, and you get to know Ezio, an interesting and fun protagonist. And then things take off into the second act, the worst and longest part of the game. It stretches so long with too many unnecessary parts that it would drive most people to quit. It takes probably 1214 of the approximately 20 hours of the game until we finally get to the third act. The only problem is that youve probably gotten so bored at this point most of the tension has been lost. The final mission will sneak up on you because youve stopped paying attention a while ago and have just been going through the motions of hopping from objective marker to objective marker. I was more excited that I was finally going to be done than I was to see the climax of the game, and thats not something you want in your game. Theres a pretty simple boss fight and a twist thats not really expected, but not super shocking or interesting either. The game ends rather abruptly, to be follow by Brotherhood. Too bad I have no interest in slogging through another Assassins Creed game, especially if this considered the best. Theres also some DLC, but I couldnt push myself to finish it. The story is far from terrible, but its just not enough to hold up the rest of the game.Sure, some of the second act should have been trimmed, but a lot of it would have been passable if the actual quests werent so dull. Most games use the simple Go from Point A to Point B and do an objective formula, but usually there is some elaboration to make things interesting. Assassins Creed 2 rarely changes things up though when it does its usually a refreshing break, and the game becomes stale very quickly. A lot of the missions in themselves are bloated, with the tired old do this thing three times trope popping up too often. There are really only three mission types anyway Kill person/people, escort person/people, trail person/people. Rarely is any sort of interesting spin put on the mission, its often a long trek to go somewhere for very little payoff.Speaking of trek, the freerunning system is rough. I cant exactly blame it for lacking some of the refinement of the subsequent games but its clunky to the point of frustration. This is exacerbated by the odd control system, which is meant to be played with a controller. When it does work, its fine and has little impact on enjoyment, but it doesnt work often enough to become a major annoyance. All of the puzzles in the game revolve around climbing, but theyre so simple the only challenge comes from trying to work around the clunkiness. Freerunning is 75 of the game, but after the initial coolness wears off and it probably wore off years ago if youre in 2018, its just bland and makes everything feel like a chore.Combat, another staple of the game, is just too simple. Theres almost no depth to it and the only challenge is when you encounter enemies who cant be cheesed with a counter kill and they can just get cheesed with a dodge attack. If you wise up like I did you can just use hired groups to avoid most encounters entirely and just get on with the game. And if you do end up surrounded by a large amount of guards, throw a smoke bomb down and assassinate everyone or just leave. The actual assassinations themselves are also bland. Theyre not much of an assassination, its just running up to someone and stabbing them because there is no stealth system or different methods to kill targets. The only time the game presented me with an interesting optional way to kill my target, it tripped on its own clunkiness and I had to resort to regular old runandstab.There are many other things to discuss, but everything just feels like a half baked implementation of an idea. This is probably one of the reasons Assassins Creed 2 is looked back on so fondly it has little pieces of other games mixed in with it. Most of us were probably too young to think about whether or not these elements were actually implemented well, or we were just in awe of them all being in one game. Theres a large open world, but its pretty empty save for a few boring side activities. There a progression system, but it can all be unlocked by halfway through the game and it gives little outside of extra health squares. You have a few different combat options, but youll probably forget everything besides hidden blades and a sword. There are collectibles, but the rewards are worthless. The whole game is a multitude of different ideas boiled down to their absolute core, and left with many overly simplified gameplay elements that add little value to the game.The real issue out of them all is the freerunning. Its kind of meant to hold up the entire game, being the primary activity the player does. This may have worked as a main feature in 2009, but its long since been relegated to a more supplementary role. As a result, the Assassins Creed 2 is packed with excruciatingly simple gameplay stretched over almost 20 hours, and the story isnt quite good enough to prop up the game on its own. 