Sort of...The Assassins Creed franchise is almost dead and buried at this point to some, but for me, a huge fan of the series, the franchises rest gives me a chance to go back and experience all the Assassins Creed games, before the eventual one to release next year in 2017. First, I started with Assassins Creed 2. I tried to get to part one, but for some reason it kept crashing every 15 minutes on my PC, and there was really nothing I could do that I didnt already try. I do suggest however, that if you do go back to play the franchise, just stick with starting at AC2 AC1 is so far behind the technical curve of its sequels, that it feels like a PS1 era game compared to its contemporaries.Assassins Creed 2 is often lauded as the best in the series and for good reason. After the simplistic and formulaic repetitiveness of Assassins Creed 1. AC2s diversity is a breath of fresh air. And diverse missions and combat mechanics are the name of the game  in AC 2. However, there are some outstanding issues that have occurred in AC2 while I was playing, that is probably due to just the age of the game itself. First, when it comes to story, its great! Ezios story is engaging and often keeps you emotionally hooked, but I do have to say that I feel as far as Assassin stories go, I think Ubisoft got better at telling an Assassins story as the series went along. My only problem with the story in AC 2 is that it tends to be exposition heavy, but what I do appreciate is that it does have some time for heartfelt moments. The other little nag is that the story overall raises far more questions than it answers. Its a shame since everything about the lore is incredibly intriguing, but for its mysteries to be revealed in such a piecemeal manner which is actually something the series becomes notorious for doing as it goes along it tends to leave more of a pain to want to know just what the hell is going on. At last the reveal that comes near the end, while exciting and probably opens the series for amazing opportunities opportunities that have seemingly been squandered in the sequels is not entirely satisfying.Now when it comes to graphics, the game is still a technical marvel. The environments and armors are so detailed that it makes them really feel real. Also another thing Id like to bring up is the fact that people have started to complain recently that the series, in the more recent entries, has done all it can do to make it feel less like a real place and more like a game, but Id quickly argue that AC2 feels like a game just as much as the others due to the fact that the Animus features cover up the screen in the same amount as the other later titles. Quickly, back to graphics, the game while still being beautiful in spots has terrible performance issues and some minor but irksome graphical glitches. When it comes to performance, its terrible across the board. Sometimes the game will drop below 60 to the 40s for no apparent reason. I can output the game to 4k resolution and it still runs the same with the same inconsistent drops. It leads me to believe that it may be a CPU issue or something, but it is entirely annoying given that the game is pretty old. As for the graphical hitches, I fixed them with Nvidia Inspector which included better Anisotropic filtering, better VSync, and better antialiasing as all of the base features included in the game dont work properly.The gameplay loop of Assassins Creed is a kind of all over the place, since Ezio at this point for the next two titles isnt as nearly as fast or agile as his successors it usually takes a while to reach place to place. This is  helped by the game providing horses and some minute way of fast travel. The fast travel works only if you go to a different city so its kind of useless and the horses unfortunately are only useful for the country sides. The good thing is that the horses are fast and not slow. However, if you come up near objects and obstacles you can slow down considerably as the games parkour system desperately tries to determine whether your horse is jumping off a cliff or jumping over a fence even when faced in front of the fence. Now when it comes to collectibles, it can be enjoyable since they are really easy to collect and are often in near proximity of each other, which makes the act of collecting them all into an activity that lasts for about 56 hours. However Im glad that a couple of the future titles opted for a kicking the chest to open mechanic that makes treasure collecting far less tedious. The feathers are another collectible that you cant find in a considerable amount of time without a guide, but also provide and emotional side activity. The feathers in AC 2 actually have meaning as Ezios mother who stops talking wont communicate with her family. Ezio collects these feathers in hope that his mother changes. Its a nice hook that gives collecting the things more meaning, something that the future entries fail to do.The side missions are another part of the gameplay hook of Assassins Creed 2. They are enjoyable for the most part, but unfortunately ere on the side of repetitiveness a bit too soon, especially the assassination missions. In the main storyline the Assassination missions are quite diverse and unique, which set up a variety of ways to assassinate your foe, but the side missions which you collect from pigeon coops are not as consistent. There are some cool diverse situations, but unfortunately most of them turn into a simple runtothislocationandthenassassinatewithyourblade.Is it the best game in the franchise? Yes and no, for the most part I think most people have rosetinted glasses on when they compare the supposed iness of the future sequels with the greatness of AC2. AC2 is great, but the future games in the series eventually surpassed it on a gameplay level, and arguably on a story level. The one game I think that definitely improved from a combination of the two is AC 4. On a technical level AC2s controls just pale in comparison with the other games. Recently in ACUnity I actually felt that for the first time being an assassin was an actual viable option. In AC2 being an assassin usually comes down to dumb luck, at least from my experience. The soldiers FOV for instance just varies greatly. Sometimes I would jog to them and assassinate without a fuss, but other times when Id jog to them they would turn around instantly and detect me in which would at times turn into an automatic desync, which is incredibly annoying, as the game pulls the camera out and shakes violently  in a way that almost feels like if its telling you, You lost!, Stop you lost okay, Just shut up, you lost! Restart your checkpoint, you incompetent assassin!.  While in my head Im thinking, Fk you game, Fk you. Its pretty safe to say that the games controls arent the best nor is its AI consistent. Thankfully these things arent incredibly annoying as to deter you from playing, but your mileage may vary depending on what kind of games you play.When it comes to Assassins Creed 2, you cant go wrong, you got a great story, detailed openworld, gameplay that is enjoyable, and a mythology to unravel. It may not be the best game in the franchise, but its pretty darn close. If you got 19 or better yet wait for a Steam sale, AC2 proves to still be an enjoyable experience that is still worth revisting.Some interesting points