This could be a masterpiece... if it had any semblance of an actual challenge.The creators of the excellent 3d Prince of Persia games decide that their system for using all the buttons on the controller for freerunning mechanics while still having a pretty decent combat system was just too... video gamey. Instead, they opt to have two buttons 1 button for autofreerunning and 1 button for autofreerunning. Well, climb and run, but the distinction is irrelevant since you can just hold both buttons down 90 of the time. Ohh hes so skilled! Shout the NPCs of Florentia, yeah, no. I suppose we can call it a move towards inclusivity, since you only need two working thumbs and an index finger to feel like a god.Just as the freerunning is at least spectacular, the combat is at least funny. That is, it is unintentionally hilarious to find new and creative ways to break the combat in your favor. Such as exterminating an entire garrison of soldiers with your bare hands by sidestepping their exaggerated swings and breaking their neck. Or grabbing them by the collar trained men with swords, mind you and chucking them from a ledge like helpless children still learning to use their legs. It would all be quite fun, if they didnt give you LITERAL MOUNTAINS OF HP. It takes three hits to the face before you even lose a single health peg, and you can carry a huge number of instant fullheal elixers. Given that even the most enormous groups of enemies wait obligingly so they can take their turn attacking you one by one, you can expect to win even if you have just turned 4 years old.Ironically, the main reason Im enjoying myself is due to the storytelling. Despite the cast consisting exclusively of mildly insulting Italian caricatures expect to see that hand gesture where they pinch the air about 5000 times, the characters are actually very human. Even the main character, which is a welcome change from your average game these days, is not just a lifeless robot. Ezios relationship with his familia is well established in a lengthy but not obnoxious prologue and paramount to his motivations. Its a breath of fresh air, really.Overall, the only reason Im recommending ACII is because you can get it for cheaps. Dont buy these rushed, oversimplified games at launch, thanks!