After the first part, which can be treated as a prologue really, we got something even better. The first part of Ezio trilogy, and a second game about Desmond Miles and his merry band assassins.Gameplay is almost the same as in the first part, but everything is much more smoother. Climbing takes almost no effort, fights are even more enjoyable, and quests, while somewhat repetetive, gives much more insight into very interesting story. There are of course side quests abour running or killing, and they are boring, but if Youre not a 100 achiever forget about them.Ezio has even more tools for killing that Altair could imagine, and thanks to Leonardo da Vinci, he gets much better in killing in different ways. Finally You really have a choice of weapons that match Your style of fighting  fast, but not very strong blades or vice versa.This games central hub for Ezio is a little town, called Monteriggioni, where player can upgrade buildings, to get discounts, new items and access to new areas.Ezio will travel to many great looking place, Venice including, which are perfectly depicted in the game. Seriously  if You ever been in Venice, You will feel familiar in that ine in game very fast. While the scale of the cities if of course smaller than in reality, it does not affect that feeling.New thing, which I particularly like are indoors puzzlelike climbing sections. While pretty linear they are pretty fun, because they just feel differently than normal climbing.Player need to have Uplay account, but do not listen to all those naysayers  it is not an inconvenience at all. While it may be confusing at the beginning, You will have problems with it only if Your IQ is below 70.If You have additional serial keys for extra ingame items, You have to find the Extras menu and redeem it there. Same goes for every other AC game.What Ubisoft did great with Uplay is award system. Basically there are some actions to do ingame, that award player fixed number of Upoints, which then can be spend on unlocking ingame content. Some of the things are cosmetic, but here we have Auditore crypt under Monteriggione, additional puzzle maze.I strongly urge You to buy Deluxe Edition, because its really cheap anyway, and it gives You a chance to visit additional areas and it unlocks two additional memory sequences.Also do not play this game with keyboard and mouse at all  it is playable that way, but controller is far superior tool. 