The first thing that should be said is Assassins Creed 2 is a major upgrade over the original game, the game actually plays a lot more like a Sandbox game than the original.   A whole bunch of new tricks have been added to help you live our your fantasies of being an assassin.  Some sorely needed tricks missing from the original game was the double execution, and the double jump while climbing.  Also the you can loot fallen enemies for money and an occasional refilling of your consumables.  You can now buy upgrades to your armor, which improve your fighting ability.  Another new addition to the game is new weapons, no longer stuck using predetermined weapons assigned by how far in the game youve gotten.  If you want to use a mace... have at it.. want to use a sword... youre golden pony boy..  Feeling like a two hander..  find your locale guard and slay him..  You can now roll around like the executioner.  Chopping and Slopping all over town..The story..  You return as Desmond Miles, a man captured by Abstergo Industries and forced to relive the memories of his ancestors.  Easy enough...  except the fact Abstergo plans to use Desmond until hes no longer viable..  ok thats totally not cool..  All is not lost as the first mission in the game sees Demond escape the clutches of Abstergo with the help of the sexy and talented Lucy.  He escapes from the comfortable confines of Abstergo industries to the truck of a car...   Meeting with a group of assassins who want Desmond to go back into the Animus so they can stop Abstergo.. Wait I thought he was rescued so he didnt have to go back into the Animus... umm alrighty then  This time around you step into the shoes of Enzio Auditore, a playboy, slacker, layabout... Although hes the son of a wealthy banker in the 1500s so what else would you expect from him.   After a major betrayal I wont spoil it he goes off to do what anyone would do when they are betrayed, get revenge by killing anyone involved.    The rest of the story is your typical, kill this person, rescue this person, kiss that person, while along the way building up your Uncles home town.  As a side note I personally found the Enzio story to be far more interesting than the one presented in the original game for Altaire.Gameplay..  The game play moves away from the repetitive nature of the first game.  Where the first game required you to fulfill 3 our of 6 events to unlock an assassination, this game abandoned that in favor of a more or less story driven progression system.  Now you do story missions to push forward the game.  Plenty of stuff aside from story missions exist, such as Assassination contract, races, fighting events.  Aside from those events the game also has collectibles, gone are the flags and  in their place you have Feathers, View Points, Weapons and Armors.  New execution and climbing animations have been added...  No more killing enemies one at a time with the double execution..   You also have an upgradeable base, and the inclusion of money, which has some effects early on in the game, but about the mid way point youll have far more money then you could ever spend, so dont fret too much if youre only pushing a few thousand after a few hours...  Once you get your city upgraded a decent bit youll start pulling in money hand over foot.Combat..  Numerous changes to combat made AC 2 seem like a totally different game.  Double executions, no more regenerating health bars youll need medicine to heal yourself this time around, the AI has improved slightly, no more sitting and waiting to counter attack, this time around you can button mash provided you have decent enough reflexes to counter attack enemies.  A few new tools added to the arsenal as well..   You now find yourself with a very limited pistol, and what good assassin would be caught dead without a smoke ball perfect for killing high ranking officials... or getting caught with your much larger best friends wife.  Old classics like throwing knifes make a return but they are almost as limited as the pistol in terms of usefulness.Ill recommend Assassin Creed 2, compared to the first game, AC 2 is like night and day, for being one of the earliest entries into a fairly long series I would personally say its held out quite nicely in almost every category that matters.  So when asking yourself if you should buy AC 2, Ill leave you with a single question..  Do you enjoy fun video games?  If you answered yes!!! Then by all means buy AC 2 and let your inner killer out..  just remember no shame exist in throwing pesky archers off high rooftops..  It can be the most fun youve ever had 