I went into this game expecting awesome parkour and fun combat. You will find neither of those things here.The free running/parkour mechanic is pathetic, you simply hold down two buttons and Ezio will perform all the jumps, stunts and tricks without any input, as you simply steer him in the direction you want him to go. Why cant I have more precise control over him, as I do in Prince of Persia The Forgotten Sands? Which, after all, was made in the same engine. This mechanic, while boring, should work fine for more casual gamers in theory, but leaves someone like me incredibly frustrated when Ezio doesnt do exactly what I want him to do. Frequently I am running away from guards, and instead of running straight ahead in the direction my mouse is pointing he starts running up a bloody wall to my left. Sometimes Ezio will leap elegantly off the side of a ing building to his welldeserved fate, because he doesnt precisely follow my mouse aim.Basic game design rules are thrown out the window here. Why is the grab button the same as the ing letgo button? If youre catapulting through mid air, scrambling for a ledge to clasp and accidentally press grab twice, then youll end up falling to your death. Why cant the climb up and climb down buttons be used for this, like in every single other 3D platformer in existence?The combat is also shallow and boring, and you spend most of your time waiting to counter attack. Some of the bigger fights with allies on your side can be fun, as you can sneak around your enemies to stab them in the back while distracted, but most of the time it will be you against a bunch of guards, waiting around or taunting them into making a move so you can counter. The actual countering is also way too lenient you have about a 10second window in which to press the button as your opponent slowly winds up his attack.Planning assassinations can be fun, but they get incredibly samey and they never really challenge you. The stealth mechanics can be too easily exploited, and most of the time you dont even have to kill any of your targets body guards. Get in for a quick stab, wait for Ezio and his victim to have a boring and equally pretentious conversation, then run for the hills as soon as you regain control. Rinse and repeat.This game is mindless, theres no need to pay attention to anything any of the characters say in this game. Every mission can be completed by running to the big target on your minimap, performing the easily executed action, then running back or escaping. Just a few hours in I had enough money to buy every end game item three times over. This game simply refuses to present a challenge. Occasionally I felt frustrated, but never properly challenged.I have a feeling most fans of the series are here for the story and the aesthetics. The story has some pretty cool ideas, but is sometimes let down by poor presentation and execution. A lot of the cutscenes are pretty awkward, and they seem reluctant to put any focus on the presentday portion of the plot. You only come back to the present day a few times over the 20 hours of play time, sometimes for literally no more than 10 seconds. I actually forgot about Desmond and Co a couple of times. Some of the secondary characters were interesting, but I personally found Ezio to be quite unlikeable.As for the Aesthetics, you can tell a lot of attention to detail was put into the visuals. From the Italian architecture to the ingame menus, everything is very polished. Some of the cities are impressively big, and running through crowds of people, or sprinting along the rooftops above them can feel fantastic. Unfortunately the colour palette is quite dull and muted in places, and detracts from what otherwise is a vibrant experience.The sound design is quite nice, but nothing unique or amazing. Some of the melodies in the score are very memorable and energetic, but youll be mostly listening to the same 2 or 3 pieces over and over again.I did have one enjoyable play session of Assassins Creed II, but I also happened to be quite drunk at the time. And I think that is the only way I could ever really enjoy this game. If you want to buy this game do not expect precise platforming. Do not expect enjoyable combat. Do not expect to be challenged. If you want to play this game, make sure its because you like the story and the aesthetics, otherwise, like me, you will be severely disappointed.