A Creed !For stealing the most highly praised and unrespected of any values.... Life.To jump or not to jump into this game ?There is Hay down there, much of it.If you as a player, have no allergy to Christianism, priests, or churches by the bushell, then play.But for me it was too much of churches, and crosses, and fishes, for a long while. At the end of the game, the Database looked like a collector thing, experting the beauty and construct, and architecture of the many many many Churches that populate Northern Italy.Renaissance... Really ?Thinking about every stone, stolen from the glorious monuments of Old Antique. And for doing what, to build one christian church, then another, and one more, and in that corner of the street, place enough for still another one... of these damn churches. And so on, and so forth, until Rome not really present here looking af is a maddened achitect let loose, had opportunity and resources, to build every single one, of his repetitive ideas. And so the churches like mushrooms grown, until no stone or shadow, or memory left, of what was before. To the roman citizen, to think and recollect, the memory of his far ancestors. Them that created a Nation long ago.This game, to complete it in a matter of a few days, with every side quest except for the Feathers...Still wondering why the Petruccio kid was collecting them ? Maybe he desired to have a larger pillow, for the calm of his nights dreams, not to hear the silly dialogues of his relatives and close family. Or perhaps for the wish to fly like a bird in the Sky, in anticipation of Leonardos wonder woodened machinery.The game is fun to play, but the music with that guy singing agnus dei over and over again, after a while, gets so boring that i had to shut off all music for good.In this game you can jump, and climb. You can stab and kill. You can run after npcs, and hit them hard bronxbrawler style. You call yourself an Assassin, and believe to possess nobility and justice. But the trail you leave behind, has a lot of ghosts awaiting in silence. That are there on the far bank, when eventually you will have to cross the Styx, to enter the Realm of Ars. They want to talk with you, to see into your eyes, and await, and hear... all of what you will be by then.Hope that the life of an assassin will bring enough wisdom and arguments, to face that dreaded challenge and perpetual monologue.So many crimes, that this religion had to bring upon the world. Two thousands years of it, and going...And today, what horrid truth to acknowledge, than to say that Christianism is still by numbers 1st religion. Every time my steps in real, just like in the game with Ezzio Auditore... Nearing the shadows thrown onto the earth, the land and the people, by a churches walls and bells and gilded prestige... Then i shutter in motion, and remember. The Antique, the fame of Romes legions, the pride of greek legends and heroes and nation cities.Great game after all, as it makes us think, and doubt, about the values of modern societies. Those values, that governments, politicians, and groups of interest, love to spread like a plague, upon all medias, and the daily life of any of us.I was a christian too, in older days... until i changed. By looking on the side path, into anecdotes and faits divers.. the smaller things that shape life and give much color to it. Because all else of what i heard and saw around me, day for day, was so desperately dumb.Values pretended.. That were none.They loved so much to make party in Venice, and feast along their streets. With fancy clothes, dancing, drinking and singing... While under them, the water full and staunched from their presence and dejections, smelled to heaven so putrid and horrid, that every tourist come by, ventured by mistake or by chance, on this criminal ground, had to ask himself, why so much of a contrast ? Why... Indeed.When you kill... then what was killed is gone. That is so, for a human being, or also for an entire Civilization.Only the shadows are left, for those that still desire to think and remember. Only a dream at night, when the cold starts to creep upon your doubts. It is gone now... and will not return. Not by a wish, not with a Renaissance.And what you kill, you keep. Was that not the Necromongers way ? 