Assassins Creed 2 is a relatively fun, and engaging experience. The core gameplay works well. The sneaking stabbing and fleeing all work. However there is rarely a real sense of peril, especially as the game progresses. Once youre at full strength with all the best weapons, theres no real challenge left in the game. There is also a lack of variety in the side quests which in general amount to more stabbing, but most often the same sort of stabbing. The core missions and story are entertaining and worth their time, though many feel forced or contrived.The most jarring element is the lack of integration or reinforcement between the Ezio and Desmond plots. The Ezio plot comes so to the fore that after 20 hours Id forgotten Desmond existed. I was only reminded when suddenly, the game dropped me back into the real world, and asked me to show that Id leaned what Id learned in the first hour.The game is at its most frustrating when the camera decides to get stuck, and Ezio loses track of which way forward and backward are. It would seem to be a trope of third person platform to pick random moments to lock the camera and make direction no longer absolute. There are a few moments where this works, but most feel arbitrary and unnecessary. They are made worse when tucked into chase sequences, breaking the flow, and often sending you back to the start. The only thing that saves this is the lack of a failure state for chasing down guards.The final issue I would cite relates to the PC port. On the console, the four control buttons are shown, corresponding to which actions they will trigger in game. On the PC, these labels show which sort of command is needed to activate jump or dive, but do so with a generic icon. Even at 10 hours in, I was still digging through the control options to see what the little foot icon, or the head with a plus sigh icon actually meant. It is a small thing, but it makes combat feel much less organic, and much more frustrating.Assassins Creed 2 is not automatically a short game. Ive put over forty hours into the game, and have possibly as much as another ten to go. Total completion is attainable, but becomes more and more pointless as time passes. The only rewards the game can offer for exploration are feathers, which make you money, and money which makes you more money. The sense of accomplishment feels lacking as the money piles up with nothing more to spend it on.It is a well constructed game with a lot of good moments, and even a few touching ones. It comes up short in feeling poorly paced, slow, and lacking in interesting things to do outside of the main plot. Renaissance Italy should be an exciting place, but in the end it just feels lifeless. Given its age and relatively low cost, Id recommend it for where it excels, but Id advise against trying to finish everything. Do enough to outfit yourself, enjoy the main story and take a few sunrises to watch the cities go by, but do feel obligated to finish everything thats where the game is weakest.