Assassins Creed II is a sequel that improves on its predecessor in many ways. That being said, the game still does many things wrong. As a PC game, it is really frustrating for a variety of reasons.CONSFirst, the UI is clearly not made for PC. It seems every multiplatform game these days has to use like size 24 font or the equivalent. I understand that consoles need this because people sit farther from the screen and the control input is imprecise, but PCs do not and the fact that developers dont make this very simple change to adjust the UI for the PC is really frustrating. Assassins Creed 2 is very bad about it. In the menu, you dont have a mouse cursor, instead you use directional keys to navigate, but the mouses movement still swings your navigation wildly, which makes doing anything in AC2s menus really annoying and consolized.Second, the control interface is also heavily influenced by consoles, but not only is it clunky or unresponsive at times, but it actually misinterprets commands wildly in some situations. So much of what you do in the game is contextual to compensate for a controllers lack of buttons that it is very annoying to use on PC, where people are used to one button generally meaning one thing. I found myself accidentally jumping backwards off buildings or not  locking on to landing areas when free running, which gives the player a sense that he is not really in control. I have learned to anticipate this over time, but I wouldnt call what I have learned a useful gaming skill. The controls are really counter intuitive. For example, the spacebar, which combined with right click, allows you to sprint and freerun, also makes you jump, and since you are sprinting everywhere constantly in order to get places faster, this means you accidentally jump quite often.Another minor gripe is the use of a weapon wheel and no keyboard numbers for weapon selection. While the wheel is all good and well, nothing is quicker that pressing a single button and instantly bringing up the desired device. The lack of this and the lack of mouse scroll wheel controls is a clear mark of consolization.Finally, the controls tutorials are atrocious in this game, and the tooltips that pop up reminding you how to perform special actions are nearly useless. This is all for one reason. The controls are not labeled with their keyboard equivalents, but with symbols. This means that before the player learns that holding right click means going into high profile mode, the player must first learn what the games silly fist symbol means by looking it up. Remembering exactly what these symbols and their combination do is an unnecessary hassle, and should have been gotten rid of altogether. They are however, labeled with colors, a reflection of controller buttons, and this is yet another piece of sloppy console porting.The Camera is another aspect of the game which is frustrating for PC users. While normally, it stays comfortably in position behind Ezio, like in any Third Person game, there are times mostly in platforming sequences where the camera flips around wildly, which can be really disorienting. This is designed to help people see what they are doing in platforming sequences. The problem is that for some reason, moving forward means moving in the direction the camera is pointing, not the direction Ezio is pointing. This means that if you are running along a beam and the camera suddenly switches angles, you will start moving in a completely different direction and probably fall off.One final consolization lies in the graphics engine. Like in assassins creed 1, the shadows are still impressive, but the character models, poly count, texture quality, and draw distances are not. The engine is looking really dated, and as they open up the gameworld, it really starts to show. That being said, the game still looks really great, especially in motion and compared to other multiplats. It hasnt lost anything since AC!, but it also hasnt gained much either.My final gripe with the game is the plot and character development. The silly plot about genetic memory and a grand Templar conspiracy throughout all of human history has been expanded to include supernatural elements including aliens and ancient technology. I suppose it has gotten a little better now that Desmond finally does something, but it is still really goofy. The glyphs and their attached puzzles are mind numbingly awful in this regard. The Templar and the pieces of Eden were apparently behind every conspiracy theory since JFK and the Moon Landings. Next theyll bring in 9/11. Its just absurd. In addition, the characters are really underdeveloped and in places, hard to believe. Ezios mother, a Florentine noblewoman in the 15th century, tells him crassly that he needs to find other outlets for his energies besides s. REALLY? I found that and many other lines delivered by characters to be absurdly out of place. Not just for the time, but for the believability of such characters as modern interpretations of the past. The delivery and scripting of many such encounters are really hard to believe. In addition, the Assassin techies in the present helping Desmond apparently miss the fact that connecting unknown bits of technology to your system and not protecting it will have consequences as well.Overall the game pushes the limits of reasonable suspension of disbelief well beyond their maximum.PROSThe being said, the game does many things right. Like in AC1, the actual atmosphere is great. You really do feel like you are walking the streets of 15th century Italia. The crowd dynamics, minor AI interactions, sounds and artwork all are great.The villa, fast travel, less generic missions, not dying in water, improved blending mechanics, and less generic collectible quests all make for a much better gameplay experience by fixing flaws from the first game. But Im not going to praise these things too much because the 1st game was AWFUL in many of these regards. Fixing them is simply what should have happened, nothing more.I will say there is a lot to do here. The game is very fun, and it is a good buy for the 10 I got it for. Wouldnt have paid 20, however.Ultimately, if you liked Assassins creed but wanted it to be fixed, thats exactly what youll get with AC2. Its just still a sloppy console port with a really silly plot. 