Assassins Creed 2 was the evolution of a great game that could have been incredible, but was held back by broken mechanics, cardboard characters and clunky controls. Assassins Creed was great, and Ubisoft immediately learned that to improve the series, theyd need to sideline Altair, the protagonist. They demonstrated a drastic shift in setting and tone, and with that showed the series flexibility, as they moved the entire series in a new direction The setting changed from the Holy Land to Italy, and with that we were introduced to a new legend of gaming Ezio Auditore. Charasmatic, funny and lethal, Ezio is regarded as one of the best developed characters in gaming, and this is partly due to the fantastic writing and story of the game Bringing in historical elements and characters such as Leonardo DaVinci and the Borgias, aswell as exciting, epic moments chasing through the rooftops of Florence and the canals of Venice. Ezios story of revenge brings him through the lands of Italy, and the game shines greatly in its setting and story. Thankfully, the Desmond backstory was not hugely developed yet, and most of the aliens and mumbo jumbo of the later games were spared, the games main focus is Ezio, and Desmond really does fit in where he should, hes not shoved down your throat with all his conspiracy theories, cough Assassins Creed 3 coughGraphically, the game was good, but not inredible. Faces were realistic but at the same time off somehow, hair looked like an error all the time, and in typical AC fashion, ragdolls and derpy physics were plentiful, but yet somehow, the beauty of the cities and the landscapes made the game look and feel incredible.The gameplay evolved upon the epic foundation left by the first game, making combat and freerunning seem accessible for everyone. New elements such as rowing a boat on the canals and hidden pistols, made by DaVinci himself, add alot to the gameplay, and the combat was made incredible. The inclusion of dual hidden blades, more weapons, easier controls and the multitude of guards made each city a playground As sadistic as it is, I found myself in glee at diving off a rooftop to dual assassinate afew guards, and then take on another half a dozen before getting overwhelmed The difficulty was perfect, and the combat provided a challenge, which is something the later games failed to provide. Missions and assassinations themselves were given a facelift too, with added mechanics, which gave a nice balance between handholding and freedom.I loved the mission structure of the original Assassins Creed, and sadly this was not included, rather than given a target and a sandbox to kill him in, you are given routes and ways to kill him, which does allow for epic moments attacking targets on castles and towers, but lacks the satisfaction of figuring out the perfect route to go.Overall, AC2 remains probably the best in the series, and the most original game of its type in its time. It was revolutionary, innovative and inventive. Plus, who can beat punching the pope in the face? If I had to rate it, Id give it a 9.5/10. Buy this game, its cheap and theres no excuse. I got it for 10 or something, trust me, its worth it. Even if you havent played the original, this is worth a shot. If you like it, try the first, if not, youre probably a nazi.