The continuation of third person parkour murderer simulator, where everything remotely significant that has ever occured in remembered history turns out to be either Assassins or Templars doing.Overarching presentday metastory picks up right after the previous installment, although this time around Desmond starts reliving memories of a different ancestor, Ezio Auditore da Firenze, mostly so he can pick up some skillz via effect of bleeding and be of some physical use to Assassins in present times. The main setting now is 15th/16th century Italy, mainly Florence and Venice. Very pretty.The game is superior to its predecessor in every regard.You can now swim! And although they somehow managed to make fights even easier you should give up on having a challenging game and mostly enjoy the story, they are more interesting.The freerunning/parkour aspect gets quite literal Tomb Raider treatment, where you traverse tombs to get loot. Also sometimes you get light puzzling elements when the scaling of walls isnt all that obvious.Although at any given time your choice of actions is pretty limited most of the time its only a choice between either pushing main story forward or getting an optional assassination assignment, there is huge variety of things to do, unlike the repetitve nature of the first installment. Coupled with openly designed maps this gives you a lot of breathing room to enjoy the show.Even the collectibles make more sense and at least the treasure ones can be mapped for you if you buy a map. But instead of flags you pick up feathers, the rewards maybe arent all that great but they are there and you also get a shred of emotional involvment in getting all these to make your mother feel better, no, really.Also Desmond Miles himself gets some action, although overall you get to see him very little. Besides the lady you know from previous game, you get a comedy relief sidekick and hacker actiongirl, would me more fun to visit them more often out of the Animus 2.0 simulation.Theres some money making / villa restoration minigame added to the game and to get better weapons or armor you actually need to pay some florins. Also for repairs and resources like bullets, medicine yes, theres medicine now! and knives though you can pick them up from bodies too, they arent common though. But youre never really in the need of cash it pours at you in big amounts. Hey, at least this gives some extra collectors aspect that may give you sense of 100ing the game and cherish the display of pretty loot youve gathered.