Assassins Creed 2 has to be my favorite Ubisoft developed game yet. I like it more then Far Cry or any of their other games. It is a semi open world action game with great parkour and fun combat. Not to mention, the story is a simple story, but one that is nothing short of exceptional. In Assassins Creed 2 you play the role of Ezio. A young italian living in the Renaissance era. One day he gets in a fight with a powerful family and the consequences soon follow. His father soon warns him about how Ezio needs to escape and take a letter to someone whom is a friend of his. Ezio delivers the letter to this man and he assures Ezio his family will be safe. The next day Ezio witnesses a public execution orchestrated by the same man of whom he entrusted the letter to and his entire family is killed before his eyes.Soon after, Ezio becomes involved in the battle of the assassins versus the templars. From that point on, you truly begin to really get involved in the gameplay. Ezio is a well versed assassin and is capable of jumping from ledge to ledge or platform to platform. The parkour controls in the game are spot on and its a blast to scale through cities like Venice and Florence during the Renaissance era. Ezio being the assassin he is can sneak up on unsuspecting guards and assassinate them. Alternatively though, he can fight them like a badass one man army fighting enemies head on with a variety of weapons. In the combat, you can dodge, counter, disarm or even throw enemies. The combat is a lot of fun and is very simple to pick up. Unfortunately, the games combat and smoothness is not without its flaws. Combat can be a little too easy because counter attacks are very powerful and Ezio gets a lot of health. Mission design in the game is incredibly well done and the main story missions test your combat, stealth and parkour abilities. Overall, this is a really excellent game and its definitely worth playing. I can safely say this game stands the test of time and is still great to this day.