I picked up ACII through steam because I recently picked up the series again at ACIV Black Flag and regained some nostalgia for what I considered to be one of the best games in the series at the time. That being said, this review will attempt to not be viewed through the rosecolored glasses of Nostalgia. However be warned, this is a comprehensive review and will contain. Read below the TLDR for the full review.AC II is a great game to play if youre feeling nostalgic for the series, and the story is still captivating as ever. However, with the PC port the camera controls are extremely sensitive, the game will bug in some locations, and forced stealth missions may cause frustration. I played the game using a mouse and keyboard, I would recommend using a controller.  Overall, the game still maintains its ability to entertain and captivate. 8/10Assassins Creed II is a continuation of the AC series that follows Ezio Auditore da Firenze, an Italian noble whos life of leisure gets throttled into chaos after the false accusation and excecution of his father and brothers. After taking the mantle of assassin, he hunts down the conspirators responsible for his familys destruction. The more he kills, the more Ezio comes to understand that the plot is bigger than just city corruption, and with the help of his uncle, as well as an interesting cast of supporting characters, Ezio grows into his role as assassin and attempts to discover a lifealtering secret.When it first came out, AC2 was my favourite of the developing series. A lot of the combat from ACI was drudgy, somewhat difficult, and unfair at times since it was easy to be swamped with enemies. AC2 provides not only more weapons for customizability of how you play the game, but also offers an easier overall combat system that includes techniques like dodging, strafing, and probably the most useful, COUNTERING.Countering is a lifesaver, especially when dealing with multiple enemies. However, this version is a PC port, and as I played it with a mouse and keyboard, countering and chain killing took some effort of timing. The most difficult aspect of combat was the item wheel itself. Part of this problem has to do with mouse sensitivity which I will get into later, but the fact that you could choose, lets say, the Sword, and yet because of sensitivity youll end up picking the Coin Purse or Double Blade.  Its more annoying than unreliable, but it causes the player to have to focus more on easing the mouse to pick the weapon they want, instead of enjoying beating up bad guys.Another highlight of AC2 was an improvement of the detection system. We all remember how annoying it was to run slightly above a snails pace and the whole city was upon you in AC1 right? Thankfully, AC2 allows you to run at full sprint through the vast and beautiful cities of Italy without so much as maybe causing a merchant to drop a box or two. Its a nice change of pace and makes traveling from point A to point B much quicker and more satisfying than having to worry about triggering half of the city guards.That being said, being on rooftops still angers the guards, so take caution even if you are wearing a cape that reduces noteriety or simply assassinate them when theyre not looking.Gameplay isnt too much different than AC1 freerunning and assassination are still the main functions of the game. Viewpoints are available to find quests, codex, or treasures and open the map for more visibility as well as guard and hiding spot tracking.  However, AC2 refreshes the formula by adding a lot more content and techniques to freerunning and climbing.First off is the idea of fast climbing. Its actually fast. I recall in AC1 that even holding R2 didnt make you go much faster. This is greatly improved in this game. Theres even a reach climb technique that is taught later in the game that helps you jump gaps on walls for easier climbing of certain buildings.In terms of content, AC2 Deluxe edition contains most DLC that was released for the XBOX editions. This includesExploring the great cities of Italy is more exciting than ever with Races, Beat Up, and Courier missions that take you across the cityscapes, not to mention the eventual.The game also allows you to hire factions to distract or engage guards, so Ezio can sneak into places he may not necessarily be allowed.Heres the downside to some of the gameplay though and its two things theand.If youre someone like me who really gets into the atmosphere of a game like this, youre most likely using the camera to make sure you wont trigger a guard that could potentially cost you the mission, or you need to see the next possible area you can climb to reach your goal. Let me say this, using the PC camera with a mouse and keyboard.The main issue with the camera is the sensitivity of the mouse for the PC port I do not know if this issue is fixed by using a controller. As soon as I started the game and touched the mouse to look around, it was almost dizzying how sensitive it was. Looking into the options there is NO OPTION to change mouse sensitivity. You just have to deal with it. This can cause a multitude of problems including glitching into walls and roofs due to weird and quick camera angles.The other issue is forced stealth missions. This is most likely a personal opinion as I get easily frustrated with a game if I have to do something over more than three times. This happens a lot in this game towards later in the games plot. Let it be known that I dont have an issue with forced stealth missions. For a game like AC it should be a staple that the player doesnt just run in and kill everything and get out without consequence. However, making a requirement that you cant be detected at ALL can make for an interesting gameplay style but also a frustrating one.There are at least four forced stealth missions in this game, meaning if you get seen by a gard indicated by a red marker its instant desynchronyzation. Granted, this mechanic did make me have to be more clever in HOW I completed the mission, but there were times where the game wants you to be a specific KIND of clever, and doesnt quite give you inference on how to do it. It got to the point where I desynched roughly 9 times on one aspect of a mission, and it made me not want to complete the game.  That last sentence is purely from my own experience, but I know that strict stealth can cause frustration, and it makes an interesting scenario just not fun and dreadful when its expected in the future.The story in this game speaks for itself, and the beautiful landscapes and cityscapes of the major cities of Italy makes it all the more breathtaking. Artistically speaking, the look and feel of the game is much improved on the first AC, despite having some minor setbacks in terms of gameplay mechanics. I definitely enjoyed it and is well worth replaying for all the collectibles available.