Assassins Creed II, graphically improved and better control responses, is following up after the interesting journey of Altair, master assassin from the Third Crusade days.You return where you previously left off as Desmond, still imprisoned inside Abstargos facility. However, not for long. Lucy returns and helps break you out, just to bring you to an apartment complex where you return to the Animus to discover more of Desmonds ancestors.Inside the animus you enter a time of Renaissance in Italy. Your journey starts through the eyes of Ezio Auditore da Firenze, a young man full of childish antics and testosterone. From here you live through the years of young Ezio as his world abruptly alters as he witnesses political turmoil and power struggles. This is obviously a sheer jist of what you will encounter.Pros Another promising story to enjoy. Huge graphic improvements from the first game. Combat feels more fluent and at times challenging when trying to counter. Renaissance time, one of my favorite historical periods. There is more to do, as in fortress upgrades, more sidequests, and gear purchasing. The world is larger and vastly more beautiful in comparison to Assassins Creed. Ezio, though uninspiring at first, grows on you as you travel through ten years of his life. Assassin attire does not disappoint. Water doesnt kill you! New weapons and armor customization.I personally recommend upgrading your fortress as soon as possible. It brings in some great cash every 20 minutes of game time. So if you need to step away for a bit, leave the game running.Cons Sidequests, as normal, can become tedious. However, they are not required to progress the story. A few bugs still present, but not largely inconvenient as the first installment. Parkour does feel more touchy with the environment. I like the gondola, but steering it can get a tad annoying around smaller areas.Very little cons, I really enjoyed this game. I started it on a Friday night and completed the main story within the same weekend. So dont expect a 30 hour story. This was a great upgrade from the first installment and witnessing some of Altairs legacy was also rewarding. This game will not disappoint and will definitely give you your moneys worth.