After clocking in 30 hours and completing the campagin and more, I believe its time to review this game.Straight off the bat, the story is... not well. Many may argue against me, but in my opinion, the story dragged on WAY too much. More than half of the campaign was not important and did not need to be included. Dont get me wrong, in the beginning, the story was incredible. I loved it. But as it went on, it got more and more sidetracked, and just got to the point where I was thinking When is this game going to end? !Camera angles. Boy where do I start. Absolutely awful. I cannot express how much this destroyed the game. Assassin Tombs and Templar Tombs were more my enemy than the actual bad guy in the game. Immovable camera angles that changed every bar you jumped onto made the tombs a pain in the a and less of a fun challenge. As perspective changed, so did the way the game interpreted your keyboard input, therefore, if the camera was behind me and I was pressing W, and it changed to be in front of me, I would then proceed to go backwards. Also, combat. DAMN. Wood, buildings, people, anything possible would stand right in front of the camera.AI. As a person who has played AC2, AC3, and AC4, I can tell you, the AI is buffed in this game more than any other. They are smart, which is not a bad thing, but it just gets stressful when its you vs 50 men and they all attack at once.CONTROLS. Boy, was this a problem. Instead of simply displaying the button to press, you had to memorize which button was Legs, Hand, Head, and whatever other random unnecessary things they added. In the cutscenes, it would ask you to press the Hand button quite a lot. It takes me the length of the cutscene to figure out which button is the Hand. By then, I missed it, and now the cutscene is changed.Callibration. Man this needs work. When someone attacks, and Im blocking, and I press the counter button, I expect Ezio to counter. Makes sense right? Not to Ubisoft. In Ubisofts eyes, if you press the counter button, Ezio only counters if he chooses to, and if he doesnt want to, hell just but his guard down for a few hits.I could go on, and on, and on about all of the bad things this game has to offer. I do NOT recommend this at all to anyone unless they want to play all AC games and/or they are being forced to play.On a scale of 110, I would give this game a 4/10. Bad story, bad camera angles, bad graphics, bad controls, bad nearly everything. Go play AC3 or 4 instead. 