This game is the epitome of butt.Let me list the reasons of buttUPlay. Youll already know of this. Once the game is downloaded and installed, UPlay launches and installs updates for about half an hour. Not updates to the game, updates to UPlay. Its not just one update, its a bunch of incremental updates. Good job, guys. Once its installed, its not awful. Just bad. It loads, and then the game loads so its the equivalent of a splash screen really, but you have to close it manually once you quit the game which is mildly annoying.The controls for this game took no account of the fact that the player would not be using a gamepad. What the hell is Face Arrow button? Apparently its F. Or sometimes its rightclick because those two symbols look exactly the same. Just awful. The moving around system controls work terribly, due to the context sensitive onlyusingafewbuttonsbecausedesignedwithcontrollersinmind control system decides that you want to jump off a tall building instead of just keep running in a different direction. Oh, and sometimes left is up and right is up, but up is forwards. I know, it doesnt make any sense to me either.Given these control issues, the quick time events become especially butt instead of the normal just butt that QTEs normally are. It asks the player to quickly press the FOOT button. Given that Im not holding a controller, when a cutscene happens Ill sit back a bit. My hands arent right on the controller, I cant immediately hit a button with no warning at all. Also theres the added mental step of having to process what button FOOT is. Which is distinctly unhelpful. Thankfully, the QTE events that are actually important are very rare. They still exist elsewhere, so theyre just annoying.Also in the area of controls the mouse look. Its awful. Im not sure if its mouse acceleration, or if theres any mathematical relation between mouse movement and camera control. Its that awful. You cant look up or down very much, which is just frustrating. Sidetoside isnt awful I think theres a bunch of acceleration here, but the camera moves independently of the mouse as you run around with WASD. So as you turn a corner, you try to turn the camera with the mouse. But the game notices youre running around a corner and says HERE LET ME HELP YOU WITH THAT I KNOW HOW YOU WANT THE CAMERA. No, game. Bad game. Stop.The HUD is butt. In the first game, it was a pretty minimal system apart from the map, which was big and useless. This time the health bar takes up a ton of screen, bunches of annoying messages flash up on the left side of screen like tips that lots of games have, but they repeat very frequently and you cant turn off ones youve seen already, the minimap is still big but actually useful now! hey a plus! nice job!. The contextsensitive control indicator is still a similar size to in the first game, which is quite small and tucked away in the top right hand corner. I can live with that one at least.The story. Oh jesus, the story. Its so bad, its hilarious. I was quite literally laughing out loud at points of supposed seriousness. The characters are just awful and incredibly bland  it doesnt help that the main characters motivation for doing his stuff is the most generic, bland and overused thing ever.Seriously. The least inventive thing possible. And given that its a story thats been travelled so much, the character and his progression is the dullest thing possible. Boo. Were meant to be able to identify with our main character, not hate him because his character just bores the hell out of us. He makes the most stupid decisions ever because the plot demands it, which does the exact opposite of attach to his character. Its so damn annoying.The midway reveal was really unimpressive and it could be seen coming twenty miles off. It wasnt an awful reveal, and it made sense in the story  but it could have been pulled off with so much more style and feeling. The ending was just an utter mess. They seemed to have no idea what they were doing. I certainly had no idea what they were doing.The whole game just had too much padding. It was too long, but this was most notable towards the end. Instead of disguising its do the same mission all over the place as a bunch of story, it just admits that youre going to do the exact same thing a bunch of times and that you arent going to progress until youve done it. Its just terrible. The game was about 10 hours too long, and had way too many false endings. Hate it.Also tail missions need to go die in a fire. Theyre so god damn boring. Similarly, so do missions in which you need to stay undetected in a hostile area. This game was NOT built for stealth in the slightest, so its a terrible idea to enforce it on the player in an area where there are so many opportunities for failure at something which the game does its best to stop you doing.One plus apart from the minor one of the minimap earlierThe combat this time is actually half decent! The game introduces varieties of enemy AIs and attacks, so you have to stay on your toes and think about how to approach multiple enemy fights. Fistfighting is terrible though. Punchpunchy punch punch over and over again. No other approach needed.To sum up in way less words than I just wroteThis game is so god damn dull, and so god damn boring. The story is boring, the characters dull and some just annoying. Combat is decent. The game is way too long and has no need to be this long and just pads it out with repetition.It just feels like a bunch of people making a game, but none of these people actually cared at all about the game. No love was put into it at any stage. And that comes out through the playing experience, and makes it pretty much impossible for me to love it. Poor unloved game.If you really care about getting the story because you want to play AC4 because there are pirates or something, just read the story on wikipedia. The story wont be any better, but at least you wont have to endure the heinous gaming experience of playing it. Avoid this game like a really bad bout of the flu. Not quite the bubonic plague, but pretty disgusting anyway.