THIS GAME IS SO FREAKIN AWESOME!!!!Not kidding! The game is addicting and fun. its one of the first and best RPGs i have ever played and i still love playing it to this day!Now on to the official reviewingPros More than 100 Varieties of armor and weapons Each weapon and armor has a specefic rarity that makes every item diffrent and unique from one another A whole world generated for you! no portals or teleported entrences. your whole world is spawned right infront of you Each village or outpost you come to has a Blacksmith, a Priest, and some mercaneriesforhire that meet almost all your needs. Some NPCs are in hostile areas that sell both priest and blacksmith items Fight through hordes of mosnters, tons of dungeons part of the title right?, and ALOT of minibosses that drop Loot like loot you find from a chest Mega bosses in story and multiplayer campaigns that drop rare or legendary loot you can spend hours playing this game. its literelly addictingCons Some grinding required Game maybe a little bit too difficult Story might be confusing if your not paying attention to itNot much cons here right? Thats because this game is the best and its hard for me to say any bad things about it. anyway, you should learn more about the game so i will tell you.Dungeon Siege is an RPG game that features tons of mosnters, NPCs, and fun content that keep you going for hours. You can level up all the way to 150! You have 4 diffrent skills which you can upgrade. You can be tons of diffrent classes based on the skills you upgraded. You can get magic items based on the rarity Normal No Color Magic Blue Exotic? Brown Rare Purple Legendary YellowIn the singleplayer campaign, you can buy mercaneriesforhire and packmules to come along with you in your adventure to find out why humanity is being attacked by other races they allied with. You are a farmer who goes on a marvelous and yet long adventure to find out why Huminity is threatened and crush the threat before it destroys humanity. You can customize your own character before you play the game and you can import your singleplayer campaign characters into multiplayer campaign.Thats all i have right now. i hope this review is helpful