Dungeon Siege was the first game created by Gas powered games. Founded by Chris Taylor, who created such beloved games like Total Annihilation.Dungeon Siege is a party based rpg. You play as a humble farmer who has his/her farm attacked by an evil race called the Krug. Taking it upon themselves, you then go from town to town ridding the land of whatever evil you find on a journey to destroy the source of it. The plot to Dungeon Siege isnt particularly interesting nor particularly fleshed out or focused upon. Its a background distraction that serves to get you from place to place.What Dungeon Siege excels at is in the gameplay department. The entirety of the experience of Dungeon Siege is unabridged. It takes place in a world completely without loading screens. Even while transitioning from the overworld to dungeons. This is by far the most impressive thing the game does and it feels very authentic. Dungeon Siege feels like an odyssey, where you are constantly moving forward on a trek. It is also absurdly long and has an enormous amount of content with its optional multiplayer campaign which is double the length of the singleplayer and has an expansion pack which adds even more to the playtime.The levelling system is very similar to something like Elder Scrolls, all of your stats level up based on using them. And levelling itself is automatic. Indeed the only real thing you can directly control with your character is what equipment they have and what spells they can use. This makes gameplay very fast and aside from fiddling with your inventory in shops, you spend little time outside of combat.Dungeon Siege is a kind of mindless game at times. A lot of the combat feels very automated and you mostly just run in and watch your guys smack the enemies around for a little while and then loot bodies, very similar to older rpgs like Ultima. But this is one of the most memorable aspects of the game overall. Its a very comfy game where you just move forward on a journey as your guys pummel the crap out of everything.