This game is one of those games that might have been a technological wonder at its time but it has not aged well at all. I can only recommend it to die hard fans of hhaack  slash .Where to start?First of all the textures are watered down and are not pleasent to watch at all. I found myself using the overhead map just to avoid looking at those low res textures all the time.Yes it does add that oh so fascinating idea of progressing your character by using either a weapon or a spell. The idea is very interesting at start but when you actually get to play the game over a few hours you realize that only melee chars are viable in this game. Magic and ranged are practically useless or at least utterly inferior to melee chars.The first few maps have a really slow progression curve,which is both satisfying at first but gets absolutelly frustrating way too fast. You get too many pointless drops and too little gold to actually progres the first quarter of the game and right after the game literally starts throwing thousands of gold at you and the sense of progression is really out of the question.All monster drops dont really mean anything because you get tons of gold to buy all the best gear from the next shop. And by gear i mean just get the weapon with most damage for your melee chars and you are good to go. All the other items are absolutely pointless.Oh and speaking of chars,its all fun  when you have one char,and get 23 more..but soon enough you get a total of 8, leaving inventory management a burden. Everything you pickup is esentially worthless anyway. You only need the weapon with most damage in the next shop for each of your chars and to fill your inventory with health potions.Yes only health potions ,because the mana potions are redundent since most of the wortwhile spells in the game cost your entire mana pool in 23 casts. There are several spell options but all of them are completely pointless as most of them try out a tactical point of view to a game that literally throws hundreds of mobs at you for no particular purpose.There is no feeling of progress nor of getting the next best item.The story is almost nonexistent,battle the generic utter evil that plagues the land.The environments are very detailed though and vary a lot,unfortunatelly both the environments and the enemies fall in the generic hack  slash creatures and zones and neither stand out.The music is probably the best part of this game.The main theme is one of the most memorable music display in my game experience, which is both a good and a bad thing. Why a bad thing? Because there is only one god damn piece of music that  gets recycled all over the game.It is sad to see a game stand out only through its music.Speaking of sound, the sound effects just do their job but they are utterly forgetable and lackluster as well. The voiceovers ? They almost dont exist at all which is not helping with the immersion at all.The story is poor to say the least,itt is another generic farmer that starts out to help a friend and ends up saving the kingdom, so unique .Getting back to gameplay. The progressing system is pretty cool as an idea as it does not limit you to a specific class.The stats progression is insanely slow and limits the item usability tremendously. A huge amount of mage/ranger items require a high amount of strength for example,which esentially limits their use.All this can be overlooked if it werent for the almost complete automatization of the game. You just need to run in and click in the middle of a group of mobs and the game will take care of the rest. You just need to have a potion handy from time to time,which does not make it challenging at all.The game is overall all too tedious and it throws too many enemies at once making certain areas feel like they need an eternity to finish offConclusion? Dungeon Siege is awfully slow paced,non immersive and tedious to a point where you just stop caring about the quests,story and gameplay overall. We have way too many better games than this now for me to be able to reccomend this