Dungeon Siege was one of my favourite games growing up. This is a Diablo like dungeon crawler, action RPG hack and slash.You start out with one character, which you create yourself in classic RPG fashion, and set out on your journey. Along the linear path, you meet you adventures who will join your party, by the end of the game you will have up to eight different party members, and there are three different classes which your characters can take the role of, melee, range and mage. I found the melee and range characters levelled up a lot quicker than the mage but it didnt seem to make that much difference in the grand scheme of things.You can really get into micromanaging your party once you get a couple of members, the game allows you to pause real time action to let you give orders for your characters. You can also just sit back and let the AI work it out with the very initiative behaviour system you can set each characters default behaviour for certain circumstances which gives you the hands off approach.The graphics show their thirteen year age here although back when this game was originally released, this was one of the best looking games of its time. Bare that in mind before you judge the pixels!The game play is very linear, there is no reason to back track in this game as enemies do not respawn, and you just need to push on forward. The zones are nicely put together, with lots of different hidden areas off the main track, allowing you to explorer and find hidden treasures or maybe a small side boss.  The dungeons themselves are massive, you can find yourself getting lost in all of the corridors this isnt a bad thing though as you just keep on squishing all the enemies till you find your path again. You are playing a dungeon crawler, so you should expect that.Ive been playing Dungeon Siege for about twenty odd hours now, this was to complete the whole game including side quests as with all games of this type, its highly recommended you do these as they give you extra rewards and more story to immerse yourself in.Even on newer operating systems I didnt have any technical issues, it was a shame I couldnt ramp the resolution right the way up, but I am sure if you look out there you can find mods that allow you to do so.In this day and age, Dungeon Siege will only appeal to a certain audience, newer gamers will probably instantly dislike it because of the way it looks. However, if you want to try out a classic RPG game with tons of content, then Dungeon Siege is a pretty good starting point which you wont be disappointed in.If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over at