Im 7 hrs in and theres a lot to like about Dungeon Siege but a few things that dont work well at all.  Theres not a lot of depth in terms of stats and skill trees.  But I really like that character abilities increase based on how you use them.  An archer that casts spells increases in magic ability, for example.  I also like that attributes like strength, dexterity, and intelligence also increase based on how you play.  Strength increases most with melee combat, dexterity with ranged weapons, and intelligence with magic use.  This all makes a lot more sense than having a character go up a level and then you choose what attributes to increaseyou shouldnt be allowed to increase the strength of that spell casting archer because his archer level went up, but its cool that any character can do whatever you want him to do.One of the biggest positives to the game is how quickly you can change weapons or tactics during battle.  All options for each character are always on screen.  Fight with bows or ranged magic when enemies are at a distance, and quickly switch to melee weapons when they move in.  Or switch from offensive to defensive magic in a click.The negatives really hurt the game, overall.  First, the trailing camera is dumb.  When a character goes through a doorway, you cant see anything in the room until you are quite far in.  This makes no sense, especially if there are lots of monsters in the room.  Your character might be dead before you even see whats attacking.  The camera angle also affects movement.  Its tricky to move forward slightly because you continually click on a character, selecting him, instead of moving forward.  Changing to the highest resolution helped a bit, but thats poor game design in my book.  Finally, the map only shows the area close to your party.  Finding your way through a larger area or even a dungeon maze is impossible.  You cant zoom out enough or move the map around to be able to see what you want to see.Having said all that, the game is fun and its at the current level of depth that I want in an RPGmore depth than Diablo, not as much as Balders Gate.   7.7/10