NOTE this game as far as I can tell is one of the most sporadic games on Steam. For some people, the game doesnt work at all. Others cant play in high resolutions, others cant get the multiplayer to work, and others cant get the expansion to work. I personally was able to get the game running turn your shadows down btw flawlessly, and I was able to bruteforce anti aliasing with Nvidia control panel, so the game looks great for 2002. Your mileage will more than likely vary.Dungeon Siege is a fantasy ARPG with the blandest ing story in gaming history. First off, this game basically plays itself. My party consists of 6 melee characters and I just send in the tank first into a fight and watch 6 characters beat the snot out of monsters while I hit a hotkey to make some people heal every now and again. It feels like an arcade game, where its pretty god damn easy a lot of the time, but every now and again has a difficulty spike to  you up.Aside from the fact that Ive won many fights without even pressing anything, and has almost 0 strategy, this game is fun as hell. If your fun comes from winning challenging fights through tactics and strategy, you wont like this game. If you like to just watch a bunch of guys beat theout of monsters for a minute, then grab loot, and repeat for an hour or so, youll love this game. The best part about this game imo is that its a journey. You walk down a pretty linear path, with your party consisting of up to 8 people including pack mules, into different environments, killingin caves, and finally hitting a town after a few hours to unload all of those nifty lil items you got from the monsters you mugged. Then you do this bunch more times and you eventually win.Hey, if you enjoyed watching your crew beat the  out of monsters for like 1015 tbh i forgot how long this game is hours, YOU CAN DO IT AGAIN. Theres a wonderful man who published a guide on how to get Legends of Aranna singleplayer expansion for the steam copy of Dungeon Siege in case yours didnt have it. This is basically more of the same, just going down a road beating theout of monsters with a new gang, but in different environments.Hey, if you enjoyed the expansion pack or the main campaign, YOU CAN DO IT AGAIN. This game has a in multiplayer mode with IP and LAN methods of connection, so you and I think 7 other people can go around a NEW world thats much more open than either of the singleplayer campaigns, and beat theout of monsters for a while. The multiplayer map is roughly 2x as big as the main campaigns map, and is much more open. I have beaten the multiplayer with someone and it was great. I havent tried any, but there are mods that allow you to play the multiplayer campaign, solo, with a full squad of 8 characters.Its a pretty mindless journey of an ARPG, but if you want to just watch 18 people mug monsters for loot for a while, or do it with some buds, this game is great. Just remember this game does whatever the  it wants in terms of it functioning.