Im sure many will disagree, but I believe this to be the best in the DS Series. DS 2 just didnt do it for me. I didnt like the story at all. The game was boring and tedious. DS 3, same thing, I just didnt like it. Just goes to show you that sometimes, the originals are the best, and that is certainly true with DS 1, for it kicks major booty. For a game that is from 2002, the graphics are excellent. I personally love the outdoor scenery. Its so vivid and colorful, and was nicely done. I sometimes find myself traveling along and stopping my party just to gaze at the wonderful detailed world. The game has a Night/Day Cycle, weather effects, an awesome sound track and superb ambient sounds. The game world really comes alive. But the best part of DS 1 is the story. Its one of the best Ive played in a game, and the narrated cutscenes are just great.Some like to compare this to Diablo II, but there is no comparison. Although Diablo II is one of the best games ever made, DS is nothing like it, at all. Diablo II is a dark fantasy hack and slash with very little RPG element. DS is an action fantasy RPG. There is much more than just hack and slash in this game. Diablo II gets very boring, very fast. Its just a clickfest with some quests, thats it.Some of the things I love about DS 1 is how unlike Diablo, you dont need to keep clicking on an enemy to attack. I about wore my index finger out on Diablo II from clicking the mouse so much. The drop system is also good. Not too much, not too little. Its just right. And if you have the stand alone expansion, LOA Legends of Aranna, the game is even better.The Original Campaign is quite long, consisting of 9 Chapters to keep you well entertained. You will meet and talk to tons of people which have unique personalities. Many are voiced extremely well. The game also has a nice modding community.Lastly, I really enjoy the many companions you can bring into your party. There are many to choose from. Some of them will join you for free, while others will cost you some coin. Im not sure how anyone could give this game a bad rating. it doesnt deserve it. I for one, have nothing negative to say about this game. Its one of the best out there. Ive been playing off and on since its release and it never gets old. Great job Gas Powered Games! A true classic. 10/10