For the sake of your sanity and free time ill try to be as short as i can.is when you have your squad of warriors mages archers et cetera and the beatdown of the enemy begins. Its alsoeasy to reach that point before getting bored because by the first town 3040 minutes in you get a second party member for free and you can hire another at one of the local shops. And from that point onwards you constantly meet new people until you max the total party member slots which are 8. But hey if you are playing with summons this can be extended up to 16 !Huge variety of spells that includes from fireballs to world manipulating magicsVery very good control over your squad , customizing their behavior and attack patterns as you please.Mules. You get to have mules to carry the loot you cant fit into inventory and would in some other game have to leave behind or constantly move back and forth from town.More mules. At this point im having two and i believe i can buy a third one.Great voice acting. Especialy considering this game came out 15 years ago.You dont just use a potion and your HP goes up. Your character actually CHUGS it. Furthermore they dont drink it all ,just as much as they need and the rest stays in the inventory to be used later.You can press R and distribute all potions between party members without having to manually give them as many as they need. And characters that use magic automaticaly get more mana potions.Theres a guide that shows you how to update to the latest version ,fix all bugs easily and run on any desired resolution which i will link below. Currently im running it between 70 and 120 fps.The story doesnt say a lot but its definitely there and you can always find more about it via books in game. Not a very big deal but it could be a little better.The soundtrack. Its good but very unfiting ,if you mute the sfx and just listen to it youll notice.In multiplayer you can have only one character and the sense of squad comes from other players. There are mods though!Id give this game a solidAnd a tip to younger players  Dont bash on an old game you cant run. Theres always a way. And remember to always check the guides before playing 90s and 00s games 