Problem with Dungeon Siege is that it is DEATHLY BORING  after a few hours.The first few hours I thought, hey, this is OK..... but I soon tired of the absolute PUSHOVER easy combat. So I tried medium difficulty, only to find that was A THOUSAND FOLD harder..... TOTALLY AND UTTERLY IMPOSSIBLE!So it was either too easy and boring, or impossible!Edit Until I tried again, on normal later. Then the difficultly did seem normal as youd expect. The difficulty levels had become about right.I also soon got fed up with the constant combats, often they were big closeup toe to toe melee brawls. Not many tactic needed, especially ranged tactics. Unless also oppenents are ranged attackers, then you can have ranged vs ranged fight. If they have melee attackers you are pretty much forced to switched to melee as well.The maps can be claustraphobic, and often they are heavily cluttered with needless trees and bushes, often reducing your visibility to near zero.The game world is NOT open world, despite its best attempts at giving the illusion it is! It is thoroughly linear, linear as a book!Theres constant little nooks and crannies to explore that usually have more goodies, or rather junk, but the constant sidetracking to explore those gets tedious too! Those are optional of course.You collect WAY too much junk as well. But again you can avoid doing this yourself.You also end up with too large a party..... Ive already got six people and two packmules! Looks like the party managment part of UI has space to handle another 8 members at least! It becomes exponentially more cumbersome as you add more beyond five or so members! Again you could choose to only maintain a small party. But I dont think the game allow that to be feasable. Later on I imagine you will NOT get far without your own personal horde!Graphics, sounds, music and storyline are all thoroughly humdrum!The games pattern is you just go from village to village, those villages being just checkpoints where you sell your junk, buy new junk, and get a few more pointless side quests, and progress the main storyline quest. You then embark, following a linear, longwinded, tedious, twisting turning path to the next village..... being assailed constantly on the way with boring, pointless combats.At first I was deeming Dungeon Siege to be a 7/10 B, but Ive since reconsired it a 5/10 C.I shouldve saved whatever I spent on this for a beer or two.All the reviews are raving 10/10ers. Appears this is another poor game, yet with a rabid fanboi element!I only hope Dungeon Siege 2 and 3 are better  I have bought those too!After one session, I was finding myself, after one hour, not being able to even bear another minute. And when you have a game you cannot wait to STOP playing..... well, then theres a major issue with quality, isnt there?