Dungeon Siege was the first proper RPG I played. So when it was 99p on sale, I had to buy it for nostalgias sake alone. So 15 years later, is Dungeon Siege worth buying? For those of us Millenials I figure you have to be old enough to remember the Millenium to be a Millenial, despite what others may say who played Dungeon Siege originally, I would say go for it. Its only 99p at the time of writing, less than half the price of a sandwich and youll get much longer enjoyment from it. Plus, nostalgia... woo!A lot of people have commented on whether this game is compatible with later versions of Windows and there are those who claim it doesnt work. I cant speak for them, only myself, but for me personally Ive had absolutely no problems so far! running it on Windows 10.For those of you who didnt play Dungeon Siege at the time, a brief description Dungeon Siege is an action RPG in a similar ilk to Diablo. However, even for games of its era its not got a huge deal of depth. You start of as a farmer, and depending on what weapons/spells you use, you slowly gain experience in one of the four main skills of the game Ranged, Melee, Nature Magic or Combat Magic you can mix and match these as you like, but it is slower to level that way. In addition, you have three attributes Strength, Dexerity and Intelligence which rise slowly depending on whether youre using melee weapons, ranged weapons or spells respectively.One of the great features about Dungeon Siege is that there are no loading screens and thus you seemlessly transition from one area of the world to another, even from indoor regions to outdoor regions. For the time, the graphics are incredible... and even by todays standards theyre not THAT bad. The musics pretty nice too and quite atmospheric.Another great feature about Dungeon Siege is the plethora of items available for each of the four different skills. Many of the items found have various enchantments on of varying degrees of power. These items are generated randomly, so youll always come across different items.The biggest problem with this version is the lack of multiplayer and also lack of the expansion, but I dont think I ever played that. Multiplayer was a fun and enjoyable part of the game so its a massive shame its not in it especially as there was a whole multiplayer map which is bigger than the single player map. Perhaps one day it will be enabled.So in conclusion, dear reader, should you get this game? Well, as I said, if nostalgia is your thing and it is mine, and you want to reminesce about your childhood while playing a fun, casual but enjoyable RPG.... I would recommend it certainly at the current price. If you didnt play it originally, then the question is a bit harder to answer. Yes, there is a lack of depth. You can get party members, but theres no romancing them or talking to them to find out their story like in games such as Mass Effect, the game is very linear and theres only four skills, but it is very fun and easy to play. However, if you are used to playing RPGs like Skyrim, Mass Effect, the Witcher... unless you specifically have an interest in retro games or you enjoy casual style gaming, then perhaps it wouldnt necessarily be the game for you.TLDRPros Its Dungeon Siege! If you liked it then, youll probably like it now for nostalgic reasons at the very least Amazing graphics for the time, not bad graphics even today A huge range of randomly generated items Atmospheric music No loading screens Easy to play, ideal if you just want a casual bit of Krug bashing Works on Windows 10! for me, and others at leastCons No multiplayer Lacking in depth compared to many RPGs with only four skills and a linear progression Not many sidequests