Well, Im not a big fan of Hack  Slay games in general.But this one added some elements that made it more interesting for me Semiautomatic attacks instead of clicking marathons btw bad for your health, strategic elements like several formations, character behaviour configuration, group separation and finally the ability to freeze the game any time to plan your moves and reorganize your party.And there are easy to confiure hot keys on the fly to get e.g. just your melee fighters together for some special tactics.But the balancing is a catastrophe. Dungeons are way too long where you can spend hours seeing the same enemies and building blocks again and again. And the AI behaves pretty stupid. They have a very limited field of view and you can easily wake them up one by one or in small groups even when you are surrounded by them in larger halls.But if you accidentally get into a larger group that hits you a lot Your health is regenerating very fast. So fast that using health potions is rarily required. And you can find tons of them. Speaking of which there is sooo many loot you can find that its hard to manage all this stuff and have enough space to get the crap to the next town for sale. Dont let them lie around because they vanish after some time especially if you change in/outdoor environments.At least you can have donkeys in your party that have plenty of storage for all your loot. But then you carry even more stuff around that needs to be organized.Furthermore the story presentation is boring and you never have the feeling to care about people you meet. They are so dull. And quests are solved when you just did what you should do. That means you dont have to go back to report... its like magic. This of course leads to a very linear experience. Also the levels are pretty linear. You can only move in restricted areas, you cant fall down and its hard to die.VerdictThere are some good concepts in this game but it isnt executed very well so it gets boring after several hours of playing and finally its only annoying. But playing should be fun and never feel like plain repetitive work, isnt it? Because otherwise you should rather start to work on something useful.