Do I recommend this game? To most people, yes. To some people who only favor the new generation of video games... Not so much.Dungeon Siege is mainly a game you would play for nostalgia or if youre just a fan of mysterious, old school RPGs that dont hold your hand or if youre just a RPG collector in the first place, and seek a new game to add to your collection.Since Dungeon Siege was the first game I ever played, my review may bare some bias but hopefully, that shall not be the case.Dungeon Siege MIGHT not have the most advanced combat system, but with the amount of interesting characters you can control 8 at maximum, if Im correct such as a dwarf, an archer, a alcoholic yet skilled warrior and even a half giant in the expansion pack! you can create a team of adventurers with all kinds of strategy and you can find and loot all kinds of accoutrement to independantly equip each party member you are controlling.The game may seem very linear at first but if youre willing to playthrough the game over one time youll discover many secret locations and party members which you may not have discovered from the first playthrough, something special Dungeon Siege always captured me with was the mystery. SPOILER ALERT In one area, you find extremely large seemingly dragon bones... Who knows what that was before it died? I suppose well never know.You have three classes Melee, Ranged or Magic. There are many spells, swords or even clubs or hammers or axes and bows or crossbows in the expansion pack to collect, and a large amount of armor to follow.Not to mention the brilliant voice acting and enchanting sound effects which if you played Dungeon Siege awhile ago shall capture your heart with nostalgia.Dungeon Siege is overall an AMAZING game. The first playthrough you will find incredible since you wont know what to expect, then theres always the expansion. The only complaints I have is that the multiplayer is disabled, I wish there were more party members and it wasnt as linear The secret locations and party members does get slightly limited, there are many side quests though too!The final verdict for Dungeon Siege is... A 8 out of 10. The game is incredible a 10/10 for the first playthrough but there are a few flaws that could keep someone from playing.Until the next review, seeya! 