From the getgo, Dungeon Siege has been my very favorite game, standing the test of time for over ten years. It is a gem in the rough, lackluster hack n slash genre. Some of it is nostalgia, sure, but most of all it is a quality that whispers softly to those that will listen.The most accurate and common description praises Dungeon Siege as being atmospheric. The music from the now esteemed Jeremy Soule is top notch, fitting the games open scenery, environments, dungeons, and caves very well. The often peaceful music of the open outside landscape fits well in the different environments wood, snow, desert, swamp, etc. and contrasts with the sudden tense quiet of many caves and dungeons.The other thing about Dungeon Siege, which I mentioned, is that it rises above the rest of the genre, simply. Other games feel like an endless cycle to get a quest to go in this cave where you kill an unremarkable boss and destroy the crates only to find yourself looking at a bunch of junk. So much junk. And then the only thing you ever equip are the occassional super items that the boss happened to drop for your class.Ok, so Dungeon Siege is also an endless cycle of wading through the countless monsters, minions, and grunts of the local denizens. But what Dungeon Siege does is a journey on a highly linear path that winds through the wilderness of those monsters. Its the same in the sense that its another screen full of those enemies and you gotta punch through them. But it really makes you feel relieved as you emerge from that dungeon and think, wow, that was a long dungeon, Im really glad I got outta there. The crate and barrel smashing is not as dull when they may explode, breaking others in the radius, and arrow traps. Seriously, when is the last time a crate fired an arrow at you?Enemies will spawn from bushes on the side of the path. Tiny swarms of little spiders skitter from passages on the ceiling to rush you. They ambush you from grating in the floor and in the wall. Small mage creatures appear on the edges of the snowy hills. Ice creatures will shatter their frosty pillars and surge toward you. Goblins go at you with...oops no spoilers.Although it may get tedious if you let it at times, you lead a party of up to eight! adventurers. The story is the same cliche but I think executes it well. It is however, sparse and far between. Most of the game is in the journeying bit. My favorite dialog from this game from a cranky mountain shopkeeper maybe its just meWho are you then?! Another of that short goblins cussin errand runners? You tell that little green snotball...The graphics are quite dated, and if you arent someone who played games from the 90s period, you may not think they look good. However, the environment still has a lot of detail that you might not realize at the first impression.I recommend playing this game for between two and five hours in a session, although I have been guilty of spending ten hours for several days. If you enjoy the genre, I believe Dungeon Siege is a great pick. Although the age of the game is apparent there are no abilities, the sequel, Dungeon Siege 2, is also very good and has includes those more modern ideas in the gameplay. 