Dungeon Siege is an old isometric actionRPG. It was quite original for the wannabeatDiablo game of year 2003, but now it can attract only a small group of players with the taste for oldschool games. With the slight remark that DS is not as much oldschool, being just an Arpg with emphasis on Action and not RPG.However, for an actionrpg it has very promising setting, with the story based on the heritage of the legion of a great empire, lost in the world of magic, and, the most noticeable  the clever system of character grading, where you levelling your heroes only when using specific skills. Shoot the bow  become dexterous archer, cast spells  and take a gain in intelligence and magic power. Or, well, just bashem all with a stick or shovel  as you start your adventure with the child of farmer lost his home background.Other than character evolution, Dungeon Siege key features are not likely to take your interest, as following the story turns out too thankless task. Well, unless we return to the levelling system  as there you can hire companions up to 7 and train them to fit your tactics. So you can gather a somewhat standard band, like 2 melee, 2 archers, 2 mages, 2 healers... or to mix all the roles at your leasure. You can even hire 7 mules to carry your stuff, and fight your way all alone... if you that attracted to the DS, which I doubt.Oh, well. Do I like Dungeon Siege? Sure, it brings some memories, and it is still not bad, if you know the drill. The interface was fine back in time, and it is still quite easy to get along. Although... the gameplay not aged that well, for my tastes. What was quite alright in time between Diablo 1 and 2, now feels... too plain. Bland even.Can I recommend it to the people who are new to the plethora of games, made more than 10 years back? Barely. People, who started to play in time of Mass Effect rising, certainly will be having hard times motivating themselves to play Dungeon Siege I. It was good back then, but now... now its worth buying only if you know already what youre getting yourself into.Nostalgia project, with personal mark 7/10  for the fun time back in the days. It was nice while it lasted. 