31015I just finished the game.  I have to say it was a great journey back in time to a more classic feeling game with a wide array of settings.  The challenge was fairly good and would have been more challenging if I had played on hard mode.  I loved how a lot of the battles consisted of a large number of enemies and that you could have a large group of party members.  Some of the dungeons are very long Sometimes I felt like I was playing a solo World of Warcraft classic style dungeon because of the roles of the party members, large battles and the length of dungeons..  It was also nice to see that the items you could buy in the store were actually useful and that you would want to buy them.  There are so many ways to play this game that my playstyle of trying to be everything was hindered.  That isnt really a bad thing.  You could play this multiple times, being different types of characters, though Im not really one to play through a game again.  I like to move on and try something new.The music in the majority, is very nice reminded me a lot of The Elder Scrolls III Morrowind.  Some are repetative though very short and then it repeats, making those annoying.  I didnt realize that it was the same composer until today.  Early on, some of the voices were annoying, but a lot were interesting and sometimes funny.  Hearing the click of selecting or opening a persons inventory became annoying, fast and you did this a lot.At the beginning of the game, the amount of inventory space is annoying not enough.  It was a long way to the first town.  Also, with very large areas between two shop areas, you will find your inventory full and have to travel back long distances to sell things.  One other thing deals with organization of inventory.  I would group my health and mana potions together, seperately.  When I would use them, it wouldnt use them in order from top to bottom.  So, I ended up with a scattered mess that I would end up having to organize again.  In a shop with spells to purchase, it would have also been nice to sort and seperate the two types of magic nature and combat.  It would have also been nice to be able to grab multiple items in your inventory to move around.When I would have multiple characterss windows open or just a shop along with one character, the inventory windows for the group would appear extra small with shop window open this actually only occurred with the pack mules.  It made it harder to do what I wanted.It took me to long to figure out how to clearly get everyone to play their roles in battle some wouldnt move or attack, even though I had set things to do so.  I eventually figured out I needed to select a character and then hit ctrlA to select everyone or press ctrl and click on the members you wanted, to get things to work properly.  This was after figuring out what the different battle options did and setting them for each of the party members.  It is also to easy to click on other characters, which then deselects everyone else.If you want to take any screenshots and not have the adventurers handbook open, you will need to go into the input options and change your hotkey for the handbook.  The default screenshot button is F12, which is also the adventurers handbook.Sometimes it is hard to get all your party on a transport elevator before it moves.  Then you have to wait to get everyone together.It would have been nice if they had labeled the area you were currently in on the map and when you are entering a new area.I had a few crash to desktop occurrances and exceptions while playing through the game.  The last crash I had was a memory error where the game apparently didnt deallocate correctly.  This was in Castle Ehb.I disliked the dropping of a party members complete inventory onto the ground when it dies.  It creates a mess of text on the screen you could turn the text off, as well as having to keep up with who was carrying what.  I also hit max gold and then when I would sell things, it would drop the gold on the ground.  This eventually created a pile of text.  Im not sure if it was play style, to much stuff for the amount of gold one can carry or that to much gold can be found in chests or dropped from an enemy.  I also came back to the dropped pile of gold one time, after many, and found it gone.The pack mules dont follow behind my party in a speedy fashion during battles, which can sometimes cause problems of them getting out of the way from being hit by an enemy.As far as the ending goes, I had to watch it on YouTube.  I find this a very bad thing.  When you defeat the final boss and it explodes, it drops loot and then the screen goes black.  You are then returned to the start menu.  In the nonsteam version, you are sent to a black screen with text and narration to end the story.  Then, you get the credits.  After this, you are returned to the game to be able to pick up the loot and do as you please play multiplayer or expansions.  I guess since the steam version doesnt come with multiplayer and the expansions, they cut this out.  It still should have gone through the ending credits and then returned you to the game to pick up the loot.Though it seems I mentioned more of the negative aspects to this game, it is a very good game overall.  It is definately worthy of being played.  Hopefully steam will release a fix for the ending and sparse crashes.Rating9/10