Windows 7 review Prepare for a messy review  Over 100 hours nonsteamDungeon siege is an old series of 3d hack and slash games,very fast paced this one being from 2002 that made me start gaming on pc and brought me here where I am today. Of course the graphics are out dated but who really cares when the game brings you so much content thats enjoyable. There are A LOT of items in this game with different rarities ,there are 2 shops in every town and area so you can get better gear. You can be a warrior,an archer,a mage nature or combat magic or a hybrid determined by strength  warrior,dexterity  archer and intelligence  mage. You have the option to take other characters with you but I think theyre a pain in theyou can steal items from the ones you get for free then leave them there hue hue hue, I like to be alone and strong. I always play as a warrior because thats what I did back in the day. A playthrough will last way more than 15 hours if you actually take a look at the game because it actually has secrets , easter eggs and puzzles that are pretty fun and they reward you with rare items. It actually has coop multiplayer but I dont have much to say about it since I only tried it like 2 times and I didint get to finish the game, it may not work. If youre playing for the first time you may want to play on medium because its the most enjoyable difficulty. The game has different mobs and bosses for each area  you are in so you dont have to fight the same creatures for the entire game, you dont go back so youll only see new places. You can play at 1920x1080 there are guides on steam about how to do it, also there is a DLC for this game called legends of the aranna and you can find guides for it as well easily, I really recommend the DLC because its another campaign that lasts A LONG TIME as well, more than 710 hours anyway. The review is more for the game than the steam version but you can get this game on sale for less than 3 dollars.. just buy it.And remember... ALWAYS SAVE THE GAME EVERY 10 MINUTES!