I know it says I dont recommend this game... but let me explain why.Its a solid game, really, but its outdated.  Besides that, the plot AND locations are pretty much identical to Dungeon Siege 3 but the graphics, controls, and AI are much better there.  So get Dungeon Siege 3 instead youll be happier with that one.That said, if you really are looking for an outdated partybased dungeoncrawling RPG then this one isnt really a bad choice.  You start out ALONE but you can later recruit other warriors all AI controlled and/or donkeys that dont fight but have much more inventory space to carry stuff.  You can have up to 7 or 8 I forget people and mules in your group at any time they all fight on screen together.  There are more recruitable characters than there are spots on your team, too.  A mule and a person take up the same space on your team, so you can either have 2 mules and 6 people, or 1 mule and  people, or 8 people without any mules.  You can only actively control one player at a time but you can switch your choice to another character even one of the mules at any time.  You can also give one or several of your party members individual commands, such as telling three people to attack a strong enemy and then telling the other five to stay back and let the mage heal them for a minute.Each character can develop various skills, and its ENTIRELY up to you which ones to develop.  Warriors can use swords, maces, axes, etc. to smash foes and they use a lot of the strength stat.  Combat mages can hurl fireballs and summon creatures to kill stuff.  Nature mages can heal the party AND they have a few solid attack spells.  At least one nature mage preferably two is a MUST.  Both mage types run off of the intelligence stat.  Archers use bows to rain destruction from a distance and they use the dexterity stat.  Honestly though, bows are pretty crappy until youre almost 2/3 done with the game.  Only characters with high dexterity can use a decent bow.  Only characters with high strength can equip decent armor and smash/slash weapons.  Intelligence increases the effectiveness of magic spells mage skill levels only determine which spells you are allowed to use.There are no skill points to allocate.  Its all automatic.  You set the type of attack the character will use, and they use that one attack type until you tell them to switch to a different one.  CAUTION  magic attacks use up magic power the blue bar and if you leave mages set to spell attacks they will stand there and do NOTHING until their MP recharges.  So you might have to manually change your mages to archers or warriors when their MP runs low.  Whichever type of attack they use, thats the one that will earn experience and slowly build up to the next level.