Let me start off by saying I really like old school rpg games,  but this game is the epitome of boring. The dungeons feel overly long, as if they extended gameplay through the sheer length they make your characters walk. The combat is pretty bland. I went almost all archers with my squad since, at the hardest difficulty, 1 Melee gets decimated and 2 It costs no resources unlike spells. It does fairly well but the gameplay is just blah.99 of the item drops fall into 2 categories  Items you cant wear and Items you cant use. Either all of the drops have stat requirements that are way beyond what my characters can use or they arent even close to being an upgrade. Its almost exclusively vendor trash.Leveling  Its pretty much a use a skill get some auto xp gains system. There is no decision making other than what to use. I chose to focus on a single discipline rather than jackofalltrades. That said, since I am ranged, my armor selection is prettysince its based on str and int for useage requirements. The choices are poor even if I DID have the appropriate attributes to wear said equipment.Quests  Im sorry, there are quests? Basically its talk to the 3 npcs youll encounter per chapter then walk linearly through a massive dungeon crawl, completing the quests. Hardly what Id call quests. Theres not really even a reward for doing them that I can see.It comes down to this I am playing this through JUST to beat it and play it, but its not very fun. I was hoping for a NWNtype game and it comes off as an overly long poor diablo clone with a bigger party and crappier combat. My playthrough on the hardest difficulty is basically, set my party to hold/engage freely/strongest target, have them all ranged, then pull with a single guy into range and have the mobs explode. I move the party about 3 feet then repeat. Ranged is kind of necessary since even melee die in 34 hits and you can get swarmed by 5 if you arent careful. Its a slow slog through dungeons that seem to never end. Since I bought Dungeon Siege 1, 2, and 3 I am hoping the sequels will be much better.Do I regret buying this? No, I paid like 2.99 or whatever the super Steam sale was, cant regret that.Do I enjoy this game? Nope. 