I first played Dungeon Siege back when it was first released. I had never gotten further than an hour into it, and as the years went on, I lost the chance to play it to completion my laptop being too advanced for it.Steam has now given me that sense of closure Ive yearned for all these years, and uh, yeah, the game kinda sucks the dingdong.DS is a Diablo clone through and through. You point, you click, things happen. Said things can be attack enemy until one you dies, collect items, open doors, or use switch. And thats the game. The story is generic high fantasy albeit a rather bad incarnation. Its forgettable, spread woefully thin, and the names are stupid. There are no characters of note, your party members have as much personality as dry oatmeal, and I honestly forgot the name of the kingdom I was even in.But how does it play? In a word, poorly. Imagine having an entire party to control as you play your Diablo clone! Imagine clicking on the wrong thing every 10 seconds in the heat of a hectic battle because character portraits with their respective inventory icons take up the whole left corner of the screen! Imagine watching your characters do absolutely nothing as hordes of enemies wreck them! Imagine trodding through boring, empty levels as you swear every 30 seconds as you realize members of your party decided to give up on life and just stand around doing nothing!I watched two of my party members literally  L I T E R A L L Y  pivot in place and stare at a group of attacking enemies rather than attack them. Those members died. Your party has virtually no soul no unique skill trees, no various classes, nothing. Just boring stat growth with no appeal. You know what did this game in for me? Trying to fit my entire party onto a moving platform only to realize that it was A impossible, B frustrating, and C poor level design.I only beat this game because I learned about the God Mode cheat, disbanding my entire party, and just running through the game. No shame, it wasnt really worth it in the end. Which, oh yeah, the Steam version of this goes boomboom in its pants and kicks you to the main menu so you cant see the ending.Play Titan Quest instead. Play Torchlight instead. Or just play Diablo again for the 30th time instead.