I wont lie, Im torn on this recommendation. There are definitely compatibility issues. Even when loaded outside of Steam, regardless of compatibility choice through Windows, etc.I purchased 3 copies of the Complete to play with my family over LAN, as anyone would know reading the Steam forums prior to purchasing anything, youd quickly understand that Steam disabled the Multiplayer options by default. Configuring this is easily accomplished via command lines. zonematchtrue. There are a list of command line codes all over the web, which will allow you hard change screen resolution, skip the intro, etc. And if you forgot or didnt know, remember, no saving in MP mode. sigh  Personally this is the epic fail on this game. You basically have to grind an entire day through each chapter completing all the quests so that you dont have to complete them again later, unless you want to... Otherwise, everytime you exit out of MP and quit, the next time you hunker down for some MP over TCIP/LAN guess what, yup.. cleared maps  all mobs reload.Characters save as does their gear earned/collected.That all being said, it is extremely buggy in MP mode. Even more so than it EVER was.One of the rigs used oldest is a 2010 2ghz P4 with max ram  1gb GTX280 pcie, running vista x86. Bottom of the barrel, but the same rig I ran my hard copy of this game, flawlessly for 120hrs on this game. Both single player and multiplayer. However on the Steam version recently purchased, you cant get more than 1530 minutes with out the infamous Exception Detected crash fault..Granted it doesnt crash on single player mode, there is an obvious detection of wonkiness in the AI  game mechanics glitches picking up items/opening/activating issues. Very annoying, but totally playable.These issues are 100 repeatable on both a 1yr old Windows 8 laptop with 8gb DDR3  AMD graphcis as well as a Top tier Windows 7 gaming rig.As for the perks? This game is still classy, beautiful in regards to many modern games, true to the fundementals of fantasy games, with some valuable lessions tucked in. Stop clicking yer brains out and enjoy some real time tactical fun even on Normal Mode. Want a challenge and step up to Hard and see how far you can get with only yer main character. Gotta love watching yer corpse explode and all your items shoot all over the ground. laugh Oh yeah, save much? The Music is awesome, its Jeremy Soule for crying out loud.As for the story and length of the game, its old school, so if you think your going to beat the game in a single sitting, too into watching other gamers playing games instead of playing them yourself, just log out of Steam and go back to crushing candy..  Best 3x5 Ive spent in a looonnnggg time.. DUPDATED Take that back, crashed on SP mode upon speaking to random town folk...Awesome... sigh 