My steam total is much less than Ive actually played since you can play offline without Steam connection.  EDIT Game is of quite sufficient length.  Longest mazes Ive ever played.Fun game from 2002.  I started as a huge Diablo 2 fan.  Im catching up and enjoying the era of nowcheap RPG/action games before upgrading my system to run more modern games.   Just so I dont spend before I really need to.  currently a Radeon X600  This includes the Dungeon Siege series  Fallout, Torment, Torchlight 1/2, Baldurs Gate, Titan Quest, Morrowind, Oblivion ...before hitting Skyrim, D3, etc.  Bottom line In many ways, this fits in the older era.   So, those are your ganeral Action/RPG  hack/slash comparisons. Graphics  Its 3D.  Steam graphics are representative.  Sure, its dated, but that doesnt ruin the game for me. Team You can manage 8 characters drawn from three general classes from which you can customize Melee, ranged, mage.   Two kids of mages Combat, Nature.  Former is mostly offensive the latter mainly includes healing spells, etc.   Buffs and spell selection are typical. Multiplayer No multiplayer anymore. Loot Regular items for purchase and souped up loot some have tradeoffs.  One of your 8 chars can be a moving mule non fighting with 3 times inventory.  ... One /very/ cool minor feature is casting a transmute spell that turns items into gold on the spot at a fraction of the value.  Thus, theres no need to leave loot unless you want to leave mapping markers or dont want to bother with the supercheap stuff. Overview of Attributes with examples 3 areas Strength perks melee combat damage, eventually wear better armor, Dex ranged damage, Intel mana pool, spell damage, mage armor.   Dex provides minimal advantages. Character development is actually more complex than usual.  Use a melee weapon, you build strength.   but you also gain a slight boost in dex and a very slight intel boost.  Reverse is true.  This enables your ranged character to VERY gradually build strength for slightly better armor.  Although you delay advanced specializion perks, I like a little flexibility.EDIT Recommendation Specialization for fighters.  Dont broaden their attributes/abilities beyond strength.  ...Be very cautious about mage/fighters. Replayability?  The only replayability factors would be different party composition, which IMO is little to none.  No randomness at all.  I think its a great one and done. Monsters Once you clear an area, the monsters dont respawn.  I expect that next game, theyll be in the same place. Other You can remap keys like a bandit.  You can raise/lower difficulty.  Quick save capability.Note one can purchase overview maps which includes secret area locations, but it does NOT show caves since theyre underground.  Sometimes unlit areas arent obvious, both of which are authentic and nice touches.  I havent investigated mods.EDIT Just completed the game 12/12/14.  This game has a letdown for an ending.  Still worth the purchase, but oh my goodness, Steam version has removed all sense of closure!  Does this matter?  Think of it as a 98 great game, and subsequently see a therapist for any emotional damage.  Im going to install DS2 now.  Advice If you like the standard old ARPG like the above, get this game.  Cheap Steam bundles are occasionally available at humblebundle, gamersgate, bundlestar, etc.  Probably will hit gog soon if you want no DRM. Thanks for reading.