It really pains me to say this, but this really is just for those with a big package of nostalgia behind them. Like me, yes. But replaying this after over 15 years or so, its just such a drag that its unbearable to play for me.Diablo 1 is better. Torchlight is better. Dungeon Siege II is better, iirc. Why?The best thing about this game is that you can have a huge party. Thats really cool. Now, you dont need to, but this game really empathizes this feature through balancing.It has no loading screen after the initial one, which is quite impressive for such an old title. And the maps arent small, either. Its quite a journey!Its a very simple HackSlash, which isnt bad per se. Your guys level up automatically, you influence their stats slightly by equipping them with the appropriate means of attacking, like bows for dexterity, swords for strength and spells for intelligence.Now then, the worst thing that makes this game a drag aside from the lowbudget execution sounddesign is something they almost could have used PCspeakers for. Those from the good old days. But thats not too bad, its just lacking in every aspect soundwiseYou wanna know what the real kicker is?The loot is set. Its set in stone. The devs chose the loot you get whenever and whereever you find it. Its not randomized at all. At all.And 95 of it sucks absolute hyper Its almost funny. You have I believe 8 guys, all specialized in something. And sometimes, there is a chapter with barely anything to equip your party with.That essentially means that all you do is set your party to aggressive, navigate them around a bit and let them do EVERYTHING else including healing. Then you press a key for the entire party to tell them to loot everything in sight. Which is cool, dont get me wrong. But all theyre collecting will be absolute.So you barely do anything in this game. You can pretend to do some quests, but 90 really! of them mean to simply get to the next chapter questhub and talk to people and on thelinear way, you clear out some dens or something. Quest completed.Again, this all wouldnt be such an issue if this would feel rewarding in a sense like in the good ol skinner boxes you expect from a dungeon crawler. But the loot is absolute ing garbage most of the time  BY DESIGN!! !By the way, there is an awesome community for this game with great modders and... hackers? who will restore the cut expansion from the Steam version for you. You guys rock, by the way. Putting honestly so much effort in such trash. I really cant wrap my head around why my childme could put up with this in a monthly basis for a year or so. I remember being amazed by the graphics a bit. Well, thats over now. 