The story is pretty simple and fairly formulaic. Youre a simple farmhand that must rise up and find out whats up with all of the evil happening. But you have no background except that youre a farmer. And thats pretty much how it stays. The story is mainly presented to you in a series of books you find and read and some simple cutscenes although I really liked one of the later ones at the goblin boss. The problem is it gives no motivation to your character, or really any of your other characters. Youre just fighting evil because. I guess it was in the farmer contract. Yep, right there in the small print... If, in the event of an ancient, or any other kind of, evil should arise, you must report immediately to the bridge to hear the speech of a dying friend at which point you will purposefully pick up a weapon and begin your quest to eliminate said evil.The game is very linear, although there are a few ancillary areas and dungeons to explore. You can backtrack, but theres little incentive to do so, since monsters dont respawn and dialogue with nonplayer characters doesnt change in response to events. In order to allow you to maintain situational awareness, objects like trees become transparent near your party members, and you can easily alter the isometric perspective by rotating, raising, or lowering your viewpoint. Despite that flexibility, trees and some environmental effects like snow and rain still sometimes make it difficult to see much of the area surrounding your characters. However, in those circumstances, you can rely upon the games capable automap, which clearly identifies all nearby creatures and items and allows you to zoom in your viewpoint to essentially play the game from a topdown perspective.Since Dungeon Siege is partybased, youll likely sample characters skilled in each of the abilities during the course of playing the game. Unfortunately, these skills are not well balanced. Nature magic, in particular, is much more difficult to rapidly develop compared with the other three skills, since theres an early shortage of effective spells. Characters specializing in nature spells wont get as many opportunities to meaningfully contribute early on in the game, other than by casting healing spells, which by their nature are only useful some time after combat has commenced. Its accordingly difficult to sufficiently develop a characters nature magic ability to allow that character to cast the more formidable spells that become available at higher skill levels. Thats less relevant during the singleplayer game, since even a nature mage with half the experience of the rest of your characters will usually be adequate to keep the rest of your party healed, but its frustrating to play as such a weak character in multiplayer games, where youre limited to controlling a single character.In the singleplayer game you can control up to eight party members, and while you can elect to directly control all of them, they can contribute effectively with minimal supervision. You can individually set how aggressively each character will pursue foes, how they select targets, and when they will initiate combat. There are various formations you can adopt for your party, although their effect upon gameplay is minimal, since your characters cant be hurt by friendly fire. The interface allows you to easily and intuitively adjust the camera angle, pick up treasure, switch weapons, access inventory screens for any or all party members, or essentially accomplish any objective with a couple of mouse clicks. Vulnerable party members, such as the pack mules you can purchase to lug hoards of loot, will retreat from danger, and spellcasters with healing spells equipped will automatically aid their wounded peers. You can pause the game at any time in order to take greater control over the actions of your characters, but well equipped parties are capable of overcoming most foes relatively independently. Its an elegant and always manageable interface that allows players to assume as much control over their party members as they desire.While its partybased gameplay is a little more tactical and less frantic than that of other action RPG titles like Nox and the Diablo games, Dungeon Siege still plays very similarly to those games. Its a fastpaced hackandslash game, so if youre looking for a deeper roleplaying game or one in which the primary goal isnt to liberate excessive quantities of loot from its owners, then Dungeon Siege isnt really for you. But its polished interface, accessible gameplay, and exceptional graphics make Dungeon Siege a firstrate action RPG. 