 FIRST IMPRESSION Crash to desktop simulator. Absolutely disgraceful. ACU.exe has stopped working 3 times in an hour.Was looking forward to playing this one, having played all the previous ACs. Very disappointed. UPDATE Okay, the community has found a workaround that will actually let me play the game I paid for. Disabling the Windows 10 service TabletInputService stops the crashes. Glad it works, but I shouldnt need a community fix to run a game that Ubi is still happy to sell.On to the review.AC Unity is the first of the next gen of ACs after the New World trilogy quadrilogy if you count Liberation. It shows. The game is a big step up in terms of graphics. It looks absolutely great, even though it is noticeably more taxing on my machine.Its not just the graphics though. The immersion is also much better. Revolution era Paris is filled with sounds and people. Crowds sing and jeer. Fights break out. Thieves run from their victims. The first time I was in an angry crowd, it really felt as though I was in rioting city. Wow!And I must say, though I enjoyed the New World ACs, its great to be back in a beautiful, massive Old World city. It makes me want to go back to real life Paris or Rome.Speaking of Rome, the game is in many ways a return to the Ezio run of ACs. Beautiful European city charming young protagonist a story about loss and family a Brotherhood that feels old, entrenched, and mysterious. Wonderful!Also like in the Ezio ACs... no ship. Now, I loved the ship in 3 and 4, but by the time of Rogue the novelty had worn off for me, so I dont consider this to be a big loss. Your mileage may vary.Where in 4 and Rogue the ship was your base, in Unity you get the Cafe Theatre. I have to say I found it underwhelming. It looks nice and all, but it never feels alive, or like home. Apart from a short quest line there is also nothing to do. It doesnt come anywhere near to AC 3s wonderful homestead.Paris itself is absolutely full of quests though. Many of them are simple assassinations or ally defenses, but there are also a fair number of murder mysteries, and riddles. And of course there are tons of chests some guarded with a lock picking minigame and inane collectables. The murder mysteries are a welcome addition, but the rest I found to be mostly rather boring. There are exceptions though, particularly the many coop missions. Those are generally interesting, though I really dont like that the game tries to force multiplayer on me. I like my AC single player, thank you very much!The story missions are quite good. I especially like that a fair number of them are now elaborate assassinations, complete with secondary objectives for creating distractions, etc. For a game called Assassins Creed, previous installments focussed remarkably little on assassination.Surprisingly, Unity finally keeps the Abstergo segments to a minimum, and actually uses them to good effect, namely by letting you experience Paris in a few different time periods. This is a most welcome development. I hope future ACs will do the same.On to the mechanics.Free running has been changed a little. You can now indicate whether you want to go up, down, or stay at the same level. It takes a little getting used to, but it makes a lot of difference, especially when traveling down. Mind you, the free running can still make unwanted decisions at times, but I found it to be much improved.Combat has been changed quite a bit. In Black Flag and Rogue I rarely bothered with stealth, as it was childs play to cut through any number of opponents. In Unity this is no longer the case. In large part this is due to everyone having guns. If you get in a fight with a bunch of opponents, some of them will grab their guns, and things will get ugly quickly.It also feels as though your combat moves are intentionally a bit slower, which makes it harder to just mindlessly tear through your opponents. Youre still plenty deadly though.One thing that I noticed both in combat and while free running, is that the game really wants to complete its animations. Free running starts going up a wall while thats not what you wanted? Well, mash the down button all you want. Youre not going anywhere until the animation completes. Want to take cover from that guy who just pulled his gun? Well, too bad, youre already doing a finisher on that other guy. Its not an enormous problem, but youd certainly feel much more like an agile assassin if the game would just let you do moves when you tell it to do those moves.Abilties have been changed. This time around, you have to buy them through sync points that you acquire via story missions, and multiplayer missions. Nonstory singleplayer missions never award them. Again, the game tries to force multiplayer on you. Many of these cannot be bought until you advance sufficiently in the storyline. Some are specifically for the multiplayer component. After completing the main storyline, I still hadnt unlocked all skills. Not even all the singleplayer skills.Apart from the sync points, there are also creed points that you get by doing assassiny things. These give you an assassin rank which may or may not have some purpose in multiplayer I honestly dont know and can be spent to upgrade equipment. Accumulating these points can take a while, and Ubisoft helpfully offers helix points that you can buy for real money to circumvent this proces. Yes, this AC has microtransactions... Gear of course also costs ingame money, and there is a lot of it, some of which is quite pricey. I didnt check, but Im sure Ubi will let you spend real money to get a bunch of ingame money.The final currency is nomad points. These are tied to the companion app for mobile devices. Thankfully, most of the ties to that app have been patched out, but originally, some things in the game would be visible, but unusable unless you used the app. Again, Ubi wants to force you to do things that you probably dont want to. What were they thinking?!Lastly, I should say something about the bugs. When this game was first launched, it was infamous for them. So much so that Ubisoft gave the first DLC away as an apology. With that sort of history youd expect them to make sure that the game is now solid a rock. Clearly, with the crashes to desktop that I ran into, they havent.  The ingame bugs have been mostly ironed out, though I did still run into some. For instance, in one mission I had an optional objective to set a tower on fire. When I entered the tower without lighting the fire, I still burned to death.In conclusion, I think Unity is actually one of the better ACs. The main storyline is good, the setting is great, the presentation is impressive, and the mechanics are overall improved. However, Ubisoft really shows disrespect towards their customers.