First of all, I want to make it clear that Ive beat every singleof the series, most of them many times over.Now, I dont think this game deserves all the flake it gets, at least not in its current state. By any stretch of the imagination is it broken beyond playability. Not with proper hardware and drivers. In fact, I havent had a single performance issue with it. Not one single crash, and it comfortably sits on the 5575 fps range with some drops during cutscenes.It does have some minor bugs, though. For instance, people will pop up out of nowhere or theyll be standing on an object. Or rifles floating midair after you kill the guard holding it. Those are the two bugs that stuck out the most the former happens rarely. The latter, somewhat often.The atmosphere is incredible, you truly feel youre in Paris during La Rvolution famine infested France, low and middle class people are starving while aristocratics are well fed, riots began break out all across the nation.Unlike its twin brother, AC Rogue AnvilNext, AC Unity was released for current gen only, and was the first game to be released with Ubisofts newest and most powerful engine AnvilNext 2.0. And it really shows graphics are stunning.Regarding the plot, its probably one of the weakest if not the weakest in the series. Its still decent, though, but I, for the life of me, couldnt empathise with the protagonist, whose reasons to join the Assassins are selfish and dull. And while I like the fact that it shows how the brotherhood has lost the genuine interest for the wellbeing of people it had during Altars and Ezios periods and fell into bureaucracy, I still couldnt bring myself to fully enjoy it.Its also important to note that, so if youre looking for a coop game, look somewhere else unless you have at least one friend who plays it.Lastly, I firmly believe this game is far better mechanically than any of its predecessors, in respect to both fighting and parkour.Overall an amazing game, with lots of content and hours to spend on. Dont hesitate to buy it. 