Wow where to begin. Ubisoft was such in rush and probably bought off by Microsoft that they made an inferior product. AC3 looks and plays better and thats bad. Its a couple generations/ years back. Optimization for pc is a joke. You have to put it at 1600 by 700p to be playable. Lower your graphics card as well. Even then the damage is done the game will still stutter and be choppy. I encourage you all to look at reviews on youtube and see for yourselfs how on every platform this game is broken. I bought the Gold edition so imagine my pain. I dont want anyone to suffer this same fate. Do not buy this until your online critics or youtube informers tell you its been thoroughly fixed and optimized for see. Until then buyer beware. It could have been a triple A title. What were the devs thinking? I would have waited an extra month or 2 for a quality version.After patch 4 still crashes. Now wont even start properly. Terrible game of the year right here. I wont be buying anymore AC games. Ubisoft has had a record with creating broken games prince of persia was always clunky, ac slow combat, watch dogs the same but didnt deliever. Ubisoft youre done. I also heard Farcry 4 is really bad. Ubisoft is teh new EA. Rushed products. Copy and paste. Tweek here and there. Dlc sale day one. Tired of their give me, give me quick scheme attitude. Lets make another ond real fast awhile rubbing hands together attitude.Dec. 24 after alot of fixing I got the game to work. You have to put your graphics card up in everything, uninstall then reinstall game, download latest graphic drivers if any.To get this game playable on a GTX 750 169 ratio, your size of monitor or tv, low graphic settings, on vsync on, the rest disable. Right now after a month I am able to finally play this friggin game. I only wanted to play it so much because I wasted 80.00 bucks on it. wANTED TO actually costumize my character, and cuz I got the farcry 4 game. Which btw said not to sue , boycott or protest ubisoft.The game iis still buggy. I dont know why they didnt make an out of game optimization menu like Binary Domain did.Update After a while the game is still buggy and stops at moments or the character gets stuck in places he shouldnt be liek the the level ground, climbing. Lag will happen alot when around biig crowds. This game needs at least 20 more patches and they havent put out any more..This game stays in my negative rating. I been an NES gamer since I was young. So Im used to a game stopping, being buggy, and having to constantly reset the game, or turn off and on my system. But the thing is now in days the market is bigger. It cost 60 dollars for the game and 80 for special edition. They have a company and team members that know what they are doing. This game is nothing new from the rest. I also could not stop playing this game because I have already invested my time customizing my character. The story has been done but its okay. I feel disrespected as a customer because Ubisoft ditched fixing this game to work on  their new installment. Will they ever learn. Take your time and make a good quality product. They could have been working on all our needed patches. Instead they say hey lets make more money. I think Ubisoft will soon go down like Capcom and be less trusted than EA. They always over hype a game and dont deliver.The game is a decent experience. Its enjoyable when it works 65 of the time, and thats a bad grade. This game should be discounted to at least 10.00. It works like an NES game. I even sometimes have this reaction to just blow my pc to see if it works.lmao 