The world at the core of Unity is much denser than anything weve seen before in the series. Theres no loose overworld connecting disparate cities or the high seas to sail your boat on, the entirety of AC Unity is heavily urban. Paris itself is a sight to behold, and Ubisoft has really pushed the boat out in creating a believable cityscape, comfortably outdoing anything in the series before. The increase NPC count is the most noticeable addition and it adds a real air of business and chaos to proceedings, with streets actually appearing chock full of people jostling for position amid the hubbub.Overall world detail is fantastic and Unity is easily one of the better looking games out there, particularly in respect to the vastness of its openworld. While theres obvious repetition at times Ubisoft has done a good job of keeping the environments varied, and theres enough focal points and landmarks to distract from the copycat houses jutting into the streets.In AC Unity theres the usual treasure chests to track down, this time with some gated off behind advanced lock picking techniques or insanely accurate rhythm skills. Then theres the Cockades, which act as a marginally more interesting alternative to Animus fragments, and collecting them all does actually do something this time around.The rest of the map is littered with activities, which range from murder mysteries to Nostradamus riddles, cooperative heists, Paris Stories, rifts, and more. Theres an overabundance of things to do and youll doubtful be left wanting for content, helped in part by the coop missions which are repeatable for additional loot.The heists are a little neater, and have a renewed on stealth, the only problem being that being spotted and an alarm bell going can desynchronize the event for everyone and force a restart.Ultimately stealth games rely on patience, so once you have four people playing together online, patience invariably goes out the window, so youre going to need quite a tight knit group of mates to get the most out of this experience. Playing each mission nets you one of three bits of loot though, encouraging multiple replays to get all the kit available.Ah, the loot. Equipment plays a far bigger role in Assassins Creed this time around. As a player you are ranked on a 5 point scale in regards to the quality of the gear you are equipped with. Everything from weapons to bracers, belts and chest plates comes with its own unique stats, providing boosts to the likes of stealth, hitpoints, damage, and more. Each subset has dozens upon dozens of equippable items, ranging from just a few hundred of the ingame currency to upwards of 250,000. Both gear and money are more important than ever before in the series, and youll finally be actually thankful for the cash youre grabbing from chests. Using new gear on your character can make a noticeable different, extending the segments of your health bar or ensuring you can take down some of the weaker enemies in just a single sword swipe.Ranged enemies in particular can wipe you out in just a couple of shots, lending a renewed focus to stealth and the use of cover. It means you have to pick your fights carefully and make use of all the tools at your disposal, whether they be Phantom Blades, Cherry Bombs, or a good old fashioned mace to the face.The stealth overhaul feels like a real step back to the roots of what an assassin should be, forcing you to think through each counter and opening up the opportunity for some slick maneuvers. This is reinforced by the return of the dynamic assassination missions.One early mission has you taking down a target inside Notre Dame, the opening segment informing you theres 11 different entry points, one signature kill method and a bunch of side missions to help you if you see fit. Pickpocketing a guard in a pub outside can give you the keys to just waltz on in, while clambering onto the roof can see you sneak in through a handily placed window. In here you can drop down on your target from the rafters, or you could kill off the priest and take his place in the confession booth, stabbing your target through the head before calmly leaving as his personal guard watch on, blissfully unaware.Now, performance is a real sticking point. Assassins Creed Unity is undeniably gorgeous game, with the hustle and bustle of street life every bit as jaw dropping as the stunning vistas atop sync points.Texture popin is also an issue, particularly in the crowds. Up close the citizens of Paris looking wonderful, but stray more than 15 feet or set and the detail begins to drop dramatically, and you all too quickly realise theyve resorted to a stock set of a handful of character models, simply differentiated by the colour of their clothing. This game is so good that I feel like I am in the game the display quality and the graphics of this game are out of the world and looks extremely real to me. Stealth is given more importance in this game.You cannot go rushing and kill a bunch of templars.here is a fantastically entertaining experience, and I ultimately enjoyed being immersed in its world. 