ACU has many problems, with few advantages. On the good side, we have decent combat mechanics, when the AI doesnt spam bullets, which is far better then the past few games. The new fighting style of perfect parring makes the combat fluid, and they mostly got rid of the Arkham combat style slow and bulky, like you are Marvels Juggernaut without the unstoppablity. Unfortunatly, the new parkour system frequently messes up, resulting in Arno jumping to the ground, jumping over or under your inteded target. Arno himself is more interesting than Conner of AC3, but still has minimal character development. As I am currently on the 11 segment of ACU, I feel justified saying that French Cardboard Man stays an arrogant little child for the duration of the game, which is the exact problem I always had with Native American Cardboard Man Conner. The implementation of Coop really helped this title have weight, as I spent several hours screwing around in missions with random players, however the constant breaking does get annoying. In the game, Abstergo finds you when you are in the Animus home entertainment thingy, forcing you to migrate servers. This gives you a chance to parkour through Paris to find an exit, without passerbys messing your flow up. That is, until they introduce the flashing red lines, which signify gliches fake glitches. As someone who has never suffered from a flashing lights, my eyes would start burning during these segments, even if i had just started playing. If you are sezure prone, get a friend to play these parts. Over all the game is maybe worth a 4/10, with my bad experiances outnumbering my good. With a good combat system, you are able to bypass the crappy stealth parts, and combat is enjoyable again, like in the AC2 saga. Get this game heavily discounted. at 20, it can given decent funs. This game is still a massive disappointment after AC4BF, with the best parts of AC4BF being absent. Buy at your own risk.PS make sure your computer can run the game, as you will have a much better time if you can run the dang game 