Its games like this that I wish Steam adds a third review option between thumbs up and thumbs down. But, since I experienced more negative than positive gameplay, I must lean towards a thumbs down. First the positivesThe time period and history. The French Revolution is one of my favorite historical periods and the fact that Ubisoft is a French company gave me confidence that they would put more information and lore about this critical point in their nations history.I love the characters in the game, as well as the moral ambiguity between the Templars and the Assassins. Arno is a great protagonist, and Elise is one of the best female characters Ive ever seen in a video game. Some of the historical figures, like the Marquis de Sade, have a charm to them that just makes me laugh and listen. In addition the voice acting is well done, although Ive been playing in French in order to give the setting a more accurate feel Hearing British accents in the English version breaks the immersion for me, even if the voice actors are talented.Now for the negativesBugs. BUGS everywhere! Plus, poor optimization has ruined both the graphical quality and gameplay in this supposed nextgen game. While the bugs may be hilarious on some moments I had a hysterical fit after my character fell into a simulation abyss after jumping from a building, for the most part the bugs are more irritating than theyre worth. Usually, I play newly released games for many hours nonstop, but Im struggling to play even an hour in one sitting because the bugs are a gamebreaker for me.Frame rate issues. This is a personal preference, but if Im playing a PC game, I expect 60 fps to be the standard. My PC can handle Titanfall and Metro Last Light at around 80fps but for AC Unity, the game plays at 40 fps maximum, and drops to as low as 15 fps on some areas of the game, like the Cafe Theatre, which is the Assassins HQ. I could have tolerated 30fps if the the frame rate was stable, but the game constantly shifts in frame rate.Microtransactions. If I paid 60 for a singleplayer game, I expect that to be the final payment for the game. Trying to further fleece your customers as well as purposely failing to tell reviewers about the microtransactions is an unethical business maneuver that should be condemned universally. Shame on you Ubisoft!All in all, I wanted to love this game due to its characters and setting, but the poor optimization and microtransactions prove that Ubisoft needs to rethink their strategy in developing future games as well as issuing an emergency patch for this broken game. A disappointing purchase for a longtime fan of the series. 