The best terrible game Ive ever played.Ive been a fan of Assassins Creed since the first game, and Ive purchased every game since. I even preordered every game after AC2  I loved the historical sandbox, I loved the gameplay, and the modernday story was compelling.And then theres Unity.Between the almost completelyabsent modernday story, the unrelateable wooden protagonist, and the completely forgettable support characters seriously, how did the Marquis de Sade become so boring youll find yourself wondering what the hell is going on. The game takes places in a seriously important period of European history the French Revolution and the beginning of Napoleons rise to power  so why is it that it is just so boring?But most importantly, theres the bugs. I have a fairly highend rig, capable of playing this game at Ultra graphics settings across the board. So why, then, did it take four patches to make my game play WORSE than it did at release? Why does it periodically freeze for 520 seconds at a time?The biggest bug affecting me is that after a certain point in the game Im not sure which, I lost the ability to obtain new weapons. I could buy them, upgrade them, use them for a while  but if I changed weapons for ANY reason, any weapons I purchased after the bug took effect locked themselves again. This required me to purchase those weapons, again, to use them. If I obtained a weapon from a quest, that weapon became COMPLETELY UNUSABLE. I cannot equip quest rewards at all. Period.Ubisoft has not announced that they are working on a fix, and no further patches have been announced, so it is likely that this bug will persist forever. And because of this bug, I cannot complete all of the achievements in Dead Kings  meaning this is the first Assassins Creed game I have ever purchased, that I have not been able to 100 complete, because of a gamebreaking bug.On to gameplay ...Theres a lot to do, while at the same time theres very little of anything INTERESTING to do. Paris is beautiful and enormous. But its size belies the complete lack of interaction between Arno and the city itself. Sure, theres random events  kill these criminals, chase down this thief, throw money to the poor  but these are basically oneoffs that take about 5 seconds to do, and have essentially no bearing on anything at all. The Murder Mysteries are a good change of pace, and I enjoyed them quite a bit. The Nostradamus Enigmas are also fun, if not frustratingly vague at times. Almost every other side quest is the same  go to this place, kill this guy/fetch this item, run away.The muchvaunted multiplayer is fun, if not monotonous. It can be completed 100 by yourself, which is good because matchmaking is peertopeer and laggy, when you can connect at all.The gameplay is fun, until you realize you can spam smoke bombs and kill everything easily. After Brotherhood, youd think that Ubisoft would figure out a way to make enemies respond to smoke bombs intelligently. The games AI is garbage, akin to Storm Troopers from Star Wars or an army of redshirted ensigns from Star Trek.TLDR  its a beautiful, enormous playground  one thats full of broken toys. The toys that arent broken are boring. 