I highly reccommend Assassins Creed Unity! 9/10.The reach of this game and what they tried to do is absolutely astonishing. I have never seen so much STUFF on screen or packed into a game whilst still looking THIS good! That being said, bring an overpowered PC to the table because ACU is one of the worst optimised games I have ever played I honestly think this is the new Crysis 3 in terms of melting computers.The elephant/big question in the room is how the game performed. EXCEPTIONALLY on my machine! I never had a move from the golden 60fps even though the game made my PC to chug to achieve it. As I said before, the sheer amount of NPCs and items that this game renders is staggering and I can see why it had so many issues on launch. HOWEVER ubisoft have patched the living daylights out of it and I never had a single crash, stutter or oddity come through in my entire 28 hours of gameplay.This is honestly the best AC yet. The ascent/descent system is inspired and it will be hard moving forward if they ever remove it from the game! I alo really enjoyed the move towards levelling your Assassin and spending skill points to play the way you want to play as well as the stat boosts that new gear and weapons bought. ACU is a very new take on the old AC formula and it is a very refreshing experience. They added flexibility and that was what the game needed. Was it perferct though? Not entirely. The move to a more cinematic AC resulted in a lower combat and movement camera that tasked with the end result of making the game feel epic... also made things...awkward. 8/10 times in combat the camera would duck down so low and focus on a single target that I would be shot to death by five enemies off screen that I couldnt see or avoid. Manually moving the camera with my stick upwards fixed the issue entirely so this was a small gripe that Ubisoft can easily fix. The other three gripes I had involved contextual buttons belonging on the same button as the map button a big no no as the game could never figure out what it needed to do correctly, the fast travel system wasnt really all that fast due to load times and poor optimisation and strangly enough text boxes if you had a ton of things flooding in would often overlay mission critical data. With the exception of the load times, these are all easy fixes and dont detract from the game as a whole experience which is the only point the game ended up losing from me.Overall, I highly reccomend ACU if you are a fan of the franchise. The meta story and the jumps between servers delivered probably some of my favourite AC moments to date with the main story being incredibly water tight and entertaining! This is a very highly polished package of integrated story and gameplay one that would be a shame to miss out on. 