Critically illreceived, Unity may be the posterchild of annualized, calendarized, churnem to burnem publisher mentality. While thats not a statement intended to change or judge a business model, Unity is, quite literally, the product of such a business model.With that said, Unity still, for its launchtime bug misgivings and there are so many graphical issues, just YouTube for evidence, muddled and at times abstruse story, is still a mechanically sound game with engaging combat and for the most part, fluid movement. Consider for a moment its mechanics for freeform movement, while not perfect, is a far cry from being bad, and is, for the most part, quite good, especially so when considering the scope of its cityscapes.Unity further updates the combat mechanics from its predecessor, Black Flag, and it is, most certainly, an improvement. Where Black Flags combat had a nonexistant difficulty that felt like rotewhackamole, Unity asks the player to pay attention to the enemies motions and time counterattacks according to an enemies movements. Another way to say this, Unity asks the player to pay attention and be skilled. This, I found, to be far more rewarding, satisfying and interesting to play.With the noted bugs aside, the game is visually pretty. While it does run relatively heavy compared to other modern AAA games that carry visual parity, it still is, nonetheless, pretty to look at. Character facial animations are convincing. The city streets are detailed and representitive to the time, place, and space of its source material.And the story. By this point in the longrunning series, Im certain very few could eloquently recap what the hell is going on in under 1 minute. I see this as a problem good writing or narritive for that matter, should be easy to follow, regardless of the complexity of the story trying to be told. Its hard to fabricate something thats simple and straightforward, yet subtle, nuanced and clever its much easier to overwhelm with complexity and nonsensical derivatives to tell some story. And this series, Unity especially, has nailed the latter.But, even with all these shortcomings, Unity is still a good game. One worth playing, because as a whole it sill works, even if its moving parts seem ducktaped together, at times.