I have bought this game long after its release and I cannot pronunce myself of how bad it ran before I got the chance to try it, but right now I can safely say that for me it was an enjoyable experience, it still has popsup when you are on the crowd but it is understable of how many NPC are around. FPS its stable most of the times and I didnt encountered almost any bugs as other says they did in their playthroughs this aspect may have also been patched. I also want to note that it lookswith lots of detalis and a lot of indoor areas.This part its splitted in a very well done parkour which I really liked, the fast descend its an amazing new feature along with the jumpin transistion from outside to indoor areas, and the combat, which was made to be more harder than previous games and it is ! but it feels really cheap and clunky most of the time the sword hitting near enemies and them still reacting hilarious, but I can excuse that by saying that the executions looks amazing and there are a wide variety of weapons and new additions like guillotine weapons and spear weapons which also includes a wider variety of different looks for them than you think, this also is avialable for swords, heavy weapons, rifles and pistols. Once youve upgraded enough and bought powerfull weapons the combat becomes easier but not if you are fighting against 10 enemies which can also shoot at you the same time. I kind of liked the stealth of the game and how your gears can influence this aspect, it feels well done but the AI is pretty bad, although this time you can choose if you want to fight or stay in the dark like a true Assassin. When you are doing main missions you can also create diversions and oportunities and it really feels like an improvement combined with some unique kills you can do results in a great main missions playthroughts. It is also the first Assassins Creed game that offers you the chance to play coop missions alongside your friends which I think it was a good idea to implement something like that in the game.Plays its own role and it has a WIDE category of outfits and gear loadouts in which you can choose. Every pice from gear loadouts has a unique palets of stats which can strengthen the approach you like to play the most this game, some pices have more meele power, some more on the palet of stealth, some more on the range palet and so on. This system works REALLY well and I enjoyed very much my time on combining pices of gear loadouts trying to make look Arno more appealing from a fashion point of speaking.Its not unique at all from previous games. Its driven by personal vendetas later uncovering a templar conspiracy, and I dont say this is bad. There is a wide roast of character like every assassins creed game you can put your emotions into, Arno being much more wellwritten than Connor, having a revengelike personality combined with anger but it also has sense of humor, later to evolve in an wise Assassin. The story itself its hard to catch up with. It has some boring parts and some of them being cliche, without you letting to sympathize with any other templar than the villain itself. If you are curious about modernday part of the story I would like to tell you that you will be dissapointed REALLY bad, its almost nonexistent and it doesnt progress the war between the Assassins and Templars in the moderday at all other than explaining you some stuff that prepares you for the next games and putting you in the point of collecting some dada for the modernday Assassins that could help them uncovering secerts about templars. Although the story advance the knowledge Assassins has about what Templars are seeking, its not that much but wouldnt want to tell you anything about this.For me, this Assassins Creed wasnt that much of a dissapoiment, having a lot of new features on theand a wide variety of.isnt consistent as it pretends to be, but it isnt bad either, founding yourself enjoying it or hating it, this being a very subjective metter. Im a big fan of the series, played it since 2008 and I assure you to NOT BUY this game if you are bored with the story or if you are not curious at all about what Unity has to offer and you dont see yourself playing it, although if you are, wait for a sale, buy it, and Im sure that you wont be dissapointed, the same goes with people that are new to this franchise. At the end of the day Unity its a great game that suffered from poor development decisions at its time of the release, but it got better and it evolved in such a great experience for whoever its interested to experience what Assassins Creed universe has to offer. 