New Assassins Creed game means new protagonist. Ever since AC III we have gotten used to this. I found Arno sympathetic  we are getting very close to an Eziolike protagonist but I feel we are still not there, yet. His story is interesting which now takes us to the late 18th century Paris. These are revolutionary times and we have the chance to see 5 years of it. Arno is in the Bastille and it is there where he meets an assassin and as they use the onset of a riot to escape from the fortress Arno decides to look up his cellmate and eventually join the order of the assassins.I liked finding out who Arno really was and how this game was connected to Rogue. In addition to this he has a love interest throughout the game lise, however, prefers the templars to the assassins. It is nice to see how they get closer and closer to one another and in the journey consisting of 12 memory sequences we  as usual  encounter some famous people such as military leader Napolean Bonaparte or Marquis de Sade who was known for being almost completely devoid of any sexual restraints.I found the story had a strong beginning only to become a rather convoluted mess with all the people we need to eliminate and the final fight with the antagonist was a complete letdown. A DLC titled Dead Kings was released later to continue Arnos story but more on that later.This was the first AC game using the next generation of the Anvil engine previously known as Scimitar it should be noted that the latest entry as we speak it is Origins is still based upon this technology. The game looks stunningly beautiful  we could have already gotten used to how good they are at Ubisoft when it comes to attentiontodetail but for the first time the number of citizens out on the streets are significantly greater. It is an amazing sight to see the many people yelling just in front of the Palais de Justice, for instance.Its just great strolling on the streets of Paris hearing people constantly talking or yelling. Some burn flags while others fight. It is common that we encounter extremists murdering people who are then chased off or killed by guards. In key areas where theres an increased commotion a tipped over horsedrawn carriage with some dead bodies next to it is a common sight. The game wants you to scale up buildings such as the Notre Dame or run along the Sorbonne or look for clues along the Avenue des Champslyses. A lot of missions take us to famous locales and the solution is often on or around these edifices and monuments.The game wants you to be part of Paris  you cannot walk or run without something happening. Thieves do pickpocketing, extremists keep harassing passersby, bullies try to scare innocent citizens and there are beggars asking for a spare change. Completing a set of these socalled crowd events yields us some great rewards.The most important things when it comes to an AC game right after its story. Scaling up buildings in this game is becoming better and better. Steep rooftops can now be easily climbed up by Arno. You can also slide if you quickly want to go down. Carrying out a perfectly timed jump is still a pain  for me it is usually a case that characterises scenarios where I only want to walk a small distance. Jumping off of a fence just next to a road is a struggle. Arno usually finds himself on another fence running along the opposite side of the road. Climbing through a window when moving up on a building is also a pain  they had to introduce a separate key binding to make our job easier pressing ctrl is recognised as the desire to climb inside.When it comes to combat just by pressing a button we can counter every oncoming attack, as usual. Perfect parries are introduced and are useful against tougher enemies  talk about tougher enemies if you enter another district in Paris you may find the same enemies way more challenging. This means increased hit points and every hit they make hurts you plenty. Basically, Ubisoft introduced RPG elements  we can acquire skill points by completing memory sequences and certain abilities such as double assassinations and equipments poison bombs  can only be unlocked by them. This is pretty annoying as most can be found in coop missions i.e. you are forced to occasionally start a heist mission with a friend. Some quests warn in advance that better equipment will be necessary to proceed you are simply unable to begin the mission until the criteria are met.As usual, we have tons of side missions. Paris Stories include all kinds of missions we kill templars, steal letters, defend a fellow citizen, etc. the idea here is to relate that mission to a famous event or person. After completion we get not only the reward but also the database entry to read more about the historical facts. Our base of operations will be a place called Caf Theatre  this is just above the assassin HQ and it provides us with regular income. Several cafs are scattered across Paris whose purchase further increases our revenues and provides us with some more side missions.Just under our HQ there is a hidden armor. In order to unlock it we have to complete enigmas. These nostradamus enigmas want us to go looking for symbols throughout Paris  a verse is what we get and by successfully interpreting them we can find the next one at a famous Parisian landmark. At times the messages are annoying as they are very cryptic  other times the solution is found in the encyclopedia entry by reading the background story of, lets say, the church of SaintEustache.I have already mentioned the skill points. Additional RPG elements are the equipment we can purchase  beside weapons we can buy clothing for our forearm, chest, legs and we can even purchase belts or hoods. There are some with similar prices but with different bonuses. For instances, some may significantly increase our health while others reduce the noise we make while in stealth mode. Its a great addition as this concept is in favour of our preferred playstyle.One of the new skills we have is lockpicking. A lot of chests and some doors can be opened only by using this skill. Its a nice minigame  level 2 is enough to be able to open all chests. Nuff said.And here comes the annoying part. Cover system is introduced but it is rather basic. It requires some getting used to. Moreover, creed points are available as a second type of currency. Basically, whenever you perform a cool move during a battle double assassination or coverbased elimination of a guard or a finishing move on an already downed enemy you get creed points. They are needed to upgrade your purchased gear items everything can be upgraded only once. I found this illogical as a great part of AC was always about stealthily completing missions but the introduction of such a currency just gives you the goahead to go guns blazing. Also, during missions you dont really get desynched if you are noticed  not getting into a conflict is not mandatory but more like a challenge these were also available in previous titles. 