This is my game of the year for 2014. Given the business practice mistakes and lies, knowing or otherwise of Ubisoft this year and the previous, i dont think anyone can deny the actual strides the company and its various studios make in creating new worlds to inhabit.Each iteration of the Assassins Creed series has been an attempt, failed or not, to create and improve upon the genre, that being the third person action adventure. From the beginning, each version of an AC game has seen massive strides in graphical fidelity, world building and story telling. Everything from the performances, motion capture and writing shows such attention to detail, its truely flummoxing why some of them are released in the condition they are. ACIII was a barely finished glitchy mess from beginning to end and was never patched to correct its problems. But the thoughtful epic story and world its played out in, show the effort ubisoft put into their games and lack of effort they put into fixing them after release at the time. The idea that a game isnt just a movie to be over and done with in a night, its something that requires a bit of patience to let the story and characters unfold before your eyes. Black Flag was an iteration of ACIII, almost perfected in its gameplay and barely needing a patch.AC Unity is pretty much the sequel to ACIII. A major overhaul to graphical fidelity and gameplay. I could argue whether the changes to combat and stealth actually work as intended, as clearly they dont at times, but my GOTY choice isnt about that. Its about a company making a game that pushes the industry forward to edge ever closer to the fully realistic action adventure were all waiting for. As it stands, ACU is a testament to that idea, a truly modern example of computerised world building and story telling. A flawed masterpiece. The fact that its just another AC game shouldnt sway your decision to play it, rather the idea that games like this are what pushes the industry forward and they should be supported. ACU, like ACIII feels unlike other AC games and it certainly requires patience to discover that fact. I respect Ubisoft for not pandering to the COD crowd.The reviews that say the story is disjointed or bad never really state the fact that in an open world game that is constantly throwing other things to do in your path, to extend gameplay time, will severely colour your attention to the main storyline. Of course you will forget whats happening if you come back to it after 3 side missions. Of course. Thats what you get when you could easily spend 100 hours doing things in it, rather than 6 hours completing it.ACU, even after all its problems with the online component, mobile rubbish, microtransaction boosts, glitchy gameplay thats all but fixed now stands as a testament to modern gaming  improve improve improve no matter what 