Brilliant game. I read all the comments below and almost didnt get the game but then decided might as well give a try. I definitely did not regret it. I have a GTX 770 2GB and I was running mostly on Ultra. No lag no issues didnt seem to cause any problems. Graphics are not splendid but they are good nonetheless. Experienced very few bugs in single mode. Coop mode was a bit more buggy but nothing too serious.Now that aside, lets talk about the game itself. The story is interesting to say the least. A lot of characters, a lot of mixed emotions and struggles. Was never bored of following the main missions. The ending was a bit lackluster I must say. Some characters could be a bit deeper but wasnt really an issue. As for the side missions, in single mode you have missions which take a minute and give you a boost of cash, and others that are longer and more interesting. Coop missions are definitely fun as well but the qeues to find players often put me off.The gameplay is in my opinion one of the best in the series. The new free run down option really improves your general mobility and its been a niche I felt needed covering for quite a while. Sometimes Arno refused to do things I asked him to but in general mobility was good.They made fighting a bit more difficult since you cant kill a person using a counter anymore at all. If you fight a large mob a few will move back and start shooting at you, and it hurts. It does push you to actually be an assassin and not a crazed savage with guns blazing. Stealth is more difficult but you have a lot of tools to help you. Unfortunately you often end up killing everyone anyway but it feels gratifying to sneak in, take out the target and sneak out properly.The city Paris is very nice to move around in. Crowd events always give you something to do. You can actually enter a lot of the buildings through doors or windows. Royalist give you trouble wherever you go. The crowd slowly starts to fight with you. I was never bored walking around. While some regions and buildings in Paris are phenomenal and Im not even talking about Notre Dame, Ubisoft couldve made different regions more unique Rome in Brotherhood and Constantinople in Revelations come to mind. One of the main things they added to Unity was massive crowds, that you can walk through while being blended in. I particularly enjoyed that part too, and it added to the feel of the revolution and all.I definitely didnt cover everything in the game but I wanted this review to push people to get this game. Completely different experience from Black Flag as it goes back to the traditional AC feel back in the Ezio games, but its a brilliant game nonetheless. Buy it!