I actually really like Assassins Creed Unity. Its nothing new in relative to the rest of the series. Very similar formula to the games preceding it not counting Black Flag. Graphically, it looks very impressive and the new parkour and animation system system is something I consider to be a vast improvement to all other games in the series. The story is pretty bland which is a shame because playing it you can tell that it wants to be good but cant quite muster it. Ubisoft has filled the world fun little sidequests and collectables for you to nab ranging from tedious to geniunely interesting or fun. The customization is alright but it is hampered by the fact that Ubisoft thought it was a good idea to lock at least half of it until they decide to release a multiplayer game mode. It also suffers from collectables that are locked unless you have access to the companion app, which is just stupid. Not to mention their clearly forced in microtransactions that they must have tossed in there in the last five minutes. I will say that Ubisoft does not force anyone to buy these microtransactions as within 6 to 8 hours of playing you can accumulate a pretty substantial ingame fortune. While I do have these grievances with the game I would like to reiterate that I do actually enjoy it. I want to play it. But Ubisofts broken release is actually now preventing me launching the game at all. I played for a good few hours with no glitches apparent, but then it started with the frame drops which I cant stand. So I stopped playing for several days only to hop back on today and find that the frame drops had disappeared. Then just an hour ago, I decided that I would play some more, but I was hit the ACUnity.exe has stopped working, and after trying all available fixes I have given up. It would be a crime to recommend the game in its current state to others. The reason I am writing this review is because Ubisoft cant provide me with the product that I stupidly paid for. So instead, this time that should be spent enjoying my purchase is being used writing this review in hopes that I may deter at least one person from spending money on this product in its current build so that they may not have to suffer my fate. 