This game has gotten a lot of crap. It has deserved some of this crap. But what isnt mentioned enough is that.The single most important thing that should be considered when buying this game is the minimum requirements. Thats just running it by itself. When you factor in the fact steam AND uplay are running, what you need increases drastically. Got lag? Well, chances are your computer isnt up for the task. I use a Asus ROG G750VW and play it on medium, so work around that. Assassins Creed games are Ubisofts graphics playground, dont forget.What I feel is good about this game is almost everything else. The fighting mechanics are far better than previous games, and I felt far less overpowered. There are different kinds of weapons again, so I can finally go axe crazy. There also isnt a best weapon overall, just one in best in each of the 5 or six categories or something like that. The colour customization is nice, but most of them are dull green and gray like, half are just green and gray, Im serious .., or almost fluorescent, but theres enough to argue over. The new parkour system is AWESOME once you get used to it. A lot of the negative reviews Ive read are centered around the fact you run up everything. Press E. E. Just try it. E. E makes you feel like you have control. E is love, E is life. E. The story is pretty lame and boring, just like almost every other Assassins Creed game. AC3 had an ok one, but still got tedious. What would make the next Assassins Creed game good is a really good, professional team of game story writers, not the developers on acid. Ubisoft, please come to your sensesTheres no boats. For me, thats a big plus. AC4 was terrible in the fact all you did was ride boats btw I hated AC4. It pretty much removed everything that made the Assassins Creed series good and replaced it with boats. The biggest town was, like, 100 square meters. Assassins Creed Unity went back to the basics, and improved on them drastically. Theres just one BIG town which is, like, 1000 square kilometers or something.Buy this game if you like Assassins Creed games and have a decent rig. Buy Assassins Creed 3 if you like Assassins Creed games but have an average computer. If you have a computer that seems more like a microwave, buy a PS4 or a better computer which primary use isnt warming food. 