A bold departure from what weve come to know as Assassins Creed in the last 4 years, and its in the right direction!I will preface my review with acknowledgement that the game at launch has quite a few bugs, some more devastating than others. To be completely frank, it didnt sour my experience and I was victim to the bug that erased my save file I was 25 hours in, at sequence 10 by that point. People are bashing the game left and right across the internet, claiming its an unfinished game and that Ubisoft has betrayed their playerbase by serving them unpolished garbage. Heres the thingSince the debut of Assassins Creed 2, Ubisoft has consistently added feature upon feature to the series to the point that it leaves the player overwhelmed, confused, and claustrophobic. In this way, theyve all but ignored what made Assassins Creed about assassinating templars. It became focused on action, combat, sailing, being a pirate, being a soldier.This is what makes Assassins Creed Unity so special its back to basics. You assume the persona of Arno Dorian as he rises through the ranks of the Assassin Brotherhood in Paris, where the core gameplay and storyline revolve around giving you a specific templar target, the building he or she can be found, and saying have at it. Youll find no handholding or linear gameplay options forced upon you, in fact, the game can become legitimately difficult and frustratingly unforgiving and I love that.Now, the story is a bit short. Most people clock it at about 15 hours, but if you speed through it, I reckon you could beat it in under 10 littletono side missions or coop missions included. Not only is it short, its a bit underdeveloped. The characters go through so much change without proper build up and pacing which devalues their stories and dilemmas, leaving you mostly uncaring for nearly all of them. Id say the best element to the story is the fact you rise up in the brotherood with actual mentors as guides, giving you tasks and missions. It gives you something to strive for, and makes you feel like a part of something more.Gameplay in this game brings the series to an alltime high. Everything has been reworked and overhauled to make a fresh experience to both newcomers and veterans of the series. Combat is tough as nails as the killstreaks and counterattacks have been completely stripped from the game, forcing you to juggle enemies with dodges, welltimed parries, and sneaking in a hit or two. For at leas the first half of the game before you unlock / purchase good armor and weapons, if you attempt to face off against more than 3 enemies you can consider yourself dead. This is a much needed change of pace that I think weve all wanted for years now I know I have. Parkour has seen a large facelift as well! The game mixes the functionality of AC3 and AC2s parkour, while introducing its own new feature High Profile  A  Parkour Up High Profile by itself keeps you level but still jumps from object to object High Profile  B  Parkour Down. This is a gigantic game changer, and takes a while to get used to. Once youve mastered its nuances and understand how to navigate the city with this new and vastly improved parkour system, youll have a sincere blast as you traverse Paris with style and speed. Lastly, theres stealth. This is an interesting subject, as it is a literal tennant of the Creed Hide in plain sight. Thus, youll find all your social stealth options have returned, but now with a couple of new features active cover that allows Arno to hide around corners and behind waisthigh objects such as boxes and carts, and a fancy new stealth mode that is activated with the left trigger / L2. To be honest, its a little clunky and needs some tweaking. Id say the biggest problem with the cover / stealth is the lack of corner switching, meaning you have to press A to back out of cover, move around the corner of the wall you want to take cover of, and press A against it to resume cover. Its not a HUGE deal, as it doesnt force you to stand up and break stealth or anything, but it prevents the stealth from feeling consistently fluid and intuitive.Theres much, much more to this game a plethora of side content, the modern day segments where YOU, literal you in front of the screen holding the controller, are the character being referenced as unnamed characters inform you of the assassins plight against the templars, and convince you to help them and do some things for them, coop missions these mostly funciton the same as singleplayer missions, but are usually a bit larger in scale to accomodate more players.To cut to the chase should you buy Assassins Creed Unity? Yes. If you were ever a fan of the series before it became Warriors Creed, you should absolutely get the game. Its laid the foundation for a beautiful future, where we play an actual Assassin set in large, sprawling cities full of activities and distractions.Id rate the game 9.5 / 10. An amazing game with a story thats just a bit too short and suffers from some subpar character development. 