Unplayable. I can play GTA V on its highest settings without a skip in the framerate, but this game thinks that every 10 seconds the screen needs to skip a few frames and point me in a completely different direction. If you dont think that wont get on your nerves after about 5 minutes, dont say I didnt warn you.Likewise, the gameplay is equally bad. An example of the gameplay I barely got past the introductory missions and accepted a mission to collect 3 severed heads from various points around a building. 2 heads were standard AC mission fare collect a pair of keys, then sneak into the room where theyre being kept, take out the guard and collect the heads. Other than the controls being practically garbage  the first part of the mission felt familiar. Silently taking out the guard from behind didnt work because the game failed to acknowledge the key had been pressed. I was forced to engage the guard in choppy, terrible framerate combat instead. The 3rd head, however, was carefully placed in a bag that looks exactly like several other bags in the area in direct sight of a dozen guards who could care less about the angry mob storming the building. Never mind the hundred plus people angrily shouting as they approach you, if that one guy steps slightly away from the mob and looks at an empty bag, shoot the . You cant look in the bag if a guard has been alerted, and the guards are alerted if you even think, This game cant be that bad... Sure, I could have tried distracting the guards with firecrackers like one might do in another AC game, but I didnt bother for the following reasons1 I assumed theyd immediately be alerted that Im the culprit, and would instantly shoot me, because that appears to be this games MO.2 The game remapped its entire control scheme from previous AC titles and didnt bother to explain HOW to throw the firecrackers by this point.3 If I tried to throw them, the screen would probably blink and point me in the wrong direction the instant before I threw them, and Id probably end up throwing them directly at the wall behind me.4 This distraction might have worked for 1 bag, but there were at least 5 bags to check.5 At this point I was painfully reminded that the difficulty of the mission was shown as 1 out of 5 stars Easy mode. Yes, Ubisoft thought putting a new player in the position of distracting a dozen guards while you searched half a dozen bags around a courtyard is practically a tutorial.6 After going through every possible rationalization one can at this point to make excuses for this game, you just have to give up at some point. This game is unplayable.If you want to play a recent AC title, do yourself a favor and play ACRogue. Its a fantastic game, one of the best of the series, and a whole hell of a lot better than this unplayable mess. Deletes local content... 