I loved Altar and the first AC when it came out and I loved Ezio even more. Assassins Creed seemed to be the franchise, that was built for me. Then came revelations and I was disappointed to the level of not even considering to buy Brotherhood. I scorned all the sequels and went back once I had read about Black Flag, which pulled me back into ACs glorious days. What I had learned was to carefully research reviews and opinions prior to an impulse buy, which costs you being part of it from the beginning and not being able to argue when friends and buddies all talk about it. AC Unity got plenty of bashing through reviews and first buyers alike, though it kept fascinating me just through the still pictures I saw online. I waited until it was bugfixed and patched and I didnt regret having added it to my collection.True, there are some minor glitches still and it is also true, every 3h of gameplay Arno wont exactly do what you where aiming to when pushing the controls sidenote, I am a mouse / keyb gamer. Sometimes NPCs pop out of nowhere, but the whole experience is so immersive that it all wont matter. Hiding and planning your next move, analyzing patrol movements, carefully trying to achieve all challenges from the mission objectives and levelling up to get better gear, skills and outfit made me long for the next treasure and the next chest. The world of AC Unity is utterly overwhelming at the beginning where never ending missions, secrets and the like fill your map. It is most disorienting and luckily I am not a completionist. The story is compelling enough to keep you going and the fights are a tough nut to crack why thats probably my first AC where I really specialized on stealth. The game is incredibly rewarding if a mission goes well and no alarm was triggered. It provides a sense of plain satisfaction. The French Revolution as a setting is breathtaking by just walking through the streets and wondering about its marvellous architecture. Though I cannot claim its historic accuracy, the mix of it with some hollywoodish intermezzo just makes the trick.The game will keep you busy with plenty of extras outside of the main story, where youre requested to complete rifts, which is some kind of data collection parcours, investigation quests where clues will lead you to accuse one of many suspects and the solving of puzzles to gain access to special armour, or you can plan a heist in a well protected villa to gain more loot than by just roaming the streets. Theyre all optional but seemed more than a filler to me and are truly engaging if youre committed to let it sink in. I would buy the game again just to walk through French Revolution Paris once more and would make it mandatory to have the city and its crowd being visitable via VR to every history class professor. I didnt do any of the multiplayer part since nobody ever seemed to play either at my level or was trying an online game while I was.What I especially liked fights are very hard, but smooth and nice to look at special skills like transforming yourself into a target the utter beauty and vivacity of the environments the tons of options to configure my own Arno to my playstyle sidequests like the Paris storiesWhat I didnt like much I felt like I missed a lot by not chasing every potential map entry, but I got tired at some point Thats personal flavour, but I missed the real world Abstergo parts Desmond Miles got me used to Another personal flavour, the tombs and treasure hunts felt always like an arcadish challenge and I missed them The story builds up nicely, but ends a bit abruptly and feels flat and I didnt understand it to be honest...Other than that, I would recommend the game anytime.Cheers, adre 