I was afraid to buy this game until the exploration sale. Because the reviews were  and still are  mixed. But i wanted to take a shot anyway. And i must say i am quite satisfied. I didnt see the release date version of AC Unity but 1.5 version is playable. There is no 39 fps range anymore. I encountered some fps drops  min. 25 one time, usually 45 with network   after closing network, it increased. Dont know why. , funny bugs  flying goat, chicken, walking folded military outfits, dancing / waving bodies after death etc. . They were too few to count with fingers though.As for the graphics, impressive. After you enter the game you will realize why it took so long to fix it and make it playable. Everything in AC Unity world is well designed, no more needs to say.Gameplay is new like the graphics. You cant fight against 20 soldier at the same time like the old games. And this is a good thing. After getting used to it, sword fight was boring. Now after i saw the 7 pack i run or kill a few with ranged weapons before going onto them. Free run, climbing and descending is more fun and estethic. I cant say the same thing about controls. Ubi has a bad habit to make a bad controlling since Prince of Persia. Do you want to descend softly? No, heres a leap of death for you. Do you want to get inside through the window? Nope, climb to the roof or descend more. On free walk its harmless. But if you want to do these on a mission and you want to do the that with stealth, you will have some hard times.Arno  lise cant take the Ezios place but they are memorable compared to other AC characters. Main missions werent bad at all. But the presentation of the missions are too short. For example i would like to see more about his mentor, lover, creed to get all the details. But whats done is done and we need to make do with them. The more you playing story, it pulls you more to itself to the end. But when you want more, it doesnt give that you want. Things are happening good but they are happening so fast. As for the side missions, they are too many. I lost myself time to time on the map when it comes to Paris stories, rifts, murder mysteries, crowd events etc. Due to lack of players i did some coop missions solo though. They are pretty hard when i was try to do them alone.The last one that i like is equipment, outfit, skill system. These are making your assassin more custom. You are free to create your own assassin. You can change their weapon styles, skills, outfits  cosmeticly  and armors. Theres a lot of options.Companion app is giving you a valuable chests, but i couldnt see more effect on the game so i dont think you need to play with nomad brotherhood on the phone. After the Italy series, Unity is the most enjoyable game. Ubisoft wanted to do something new with old series. And for their efforts, they have my respect. They couldve give us more AC with same play style, same graphics, same boring puzzles and some mysterious women speeches that never can resolve. But maybe even Ubi bored to give the same Ac over and over lol. They maybe failed on the release date but complete version of this game is dont deserve a mixed reviews. If you still have suspicions, give it a shot on the next sales and try for 2 hours. You will see the difference. 