Everybody knows by now that the launch of the highly anticipated Assassins Creed Unity was  to say the least  a disaster. Tons of millions of bugs scared the customers and serious frame rate issues on every platform caused broken hearts.A long story of patches, new ridiculous bugs and not working features followed the launch which caused the shares of Ubisoft to drop about 10 at release date, a story no one had expected from a big company like Ubisoft and such a triplea game.A story which is too long and too churning to be told in this review.Nowadays Ubisoft apologized by making the Dead Kings DLC available for free and giving those, who already ordered the Season Pass an additional free game combined with a hidden oppressive contract. Thanks for that! Plus, they granted us a fourth patch and finally the game is playable with far less problems. So lets focus on the game on its own at the beginning.Assassins Creed Unity is set during the French revolution in Paris and does a great job showing the tumults and split society. Its love for detail is incredible the player can notice tons of different animations, from apple picking over dancing to book pressing and its graphics are stunning. The city of Paris is really big maybe even a bit too big and, applause, the most important feature of Assassins Creed is back beautiful architecture to be climbed.This time the game features quite a lot of interiors that are ranged from generic to beautiful and impressive arranged.The story of Assassins Creed has a hell of potential, having a really amazing setting  a potential, no game can even fulfil and neither does Unity. The player takes control of Arno, a young Parisian whose father is killed as he was a boy. And there we go with the lamest motivation of all time, which sadly lowers the quality of the story enormously Revenge. Please Ubisoft, how about Revenge, leading to idealistic deeds?While Arno does have ideals and tries to save humanity, it never feels like he is aware of what hes doing. In conclusion Arno is a much weaker character than Ezio or Altair, and his story cant fascinate the player by far as much as Altairs or Ezios story could.There are tons of optional quests, but sadly they dont have anything to do with the main story. Its more like occupational therapy than an addition to the story on which the impressions could grow.The game immersion has to suffer from another thing A lots of game features.The game has several features worth mentioningOverall there are lot of features in Unity that barely work to enrich the game. Some are fun at least, others are nothing but insolent. 