On a sale, yes.It took me about 27 hours to complete.That includes the Dead Kings expansion.Most missions completed with 100.Ive unlocked all the viewpoints, but I didnt bother collecting all the chests and treasures.All the previous Assassins Creeds, obviously.If you havent played any, thats a lot of running, climbing, stealth and arkhamstyle combat.You play as Arno Dorian, an Assassin living in Paris during the French Revolution.The game begins right where AC Rogue left off  with the assassination of Charles Dorian.We follow Arno on his path to become an Assassin and find retribution.Its not special or anything, not as good as the Ezio trilogy. But still a decent AC game.It looks beautiful, Paris is amazing. Especially from the sky, when synchronising view points.Breathtaking views, but thats always been something Assassins Creed games have done well.Ive played this 2.5 years after the initial release. By this time all the famous bugs have been fixed and I havent experienced any crashes. Instead, the game ran very smoothly on highest possible settings.One issue I have experienced was that my graphics settings have changed midgame on their own from a Borderless Window to Fullscreen mode. But it only happened once.The controls seem improved from the previous games, but it still happened that Arno jumped somewhere I didnt want him to jump. But the falling mechanics have been improved  it is now more difficult to just fall down to your doom. Getting down from buildings is now more smooth, implementing the parkour mechanics.Ive completed the game two days ago and by today I already dont remember the music.It was very generic, changing pace with the events on screen, but nothing that pops out.This part of the series has slightly changed since the previous games. Some features were added, but some were taken away. One of the crucial bits thats now missing is getting the enemies attention. Previously you could whistle to lure nearby enemies. Not in this one. So cover kills only make sense on enemies that are walking directly next to your cover. Ive actually had to leave cover, show myself to the enemy, wait until they started walking my way to investigate, then hide again and kill them. That takes the gameworld immersion away.A couple of times when I tried to do a ledgekill, Arno jumped on to the ledge first to let everyone around see me, only then he grabbed the enemy and threw him over the ledge. But at that point I was out in the open.Melting with the crowd to avoid detection is also done differently this time around, but thats not a good change in my opinion.One thing that has improved is the option of moving down from various heights, you dont just jump down but parkour your way down.Ive also played thethat is now included as part of the main game.I started playing this by accident  I wanted to fasttravel somewhere on the map, but instead of a standard fasttravel location I misclicked and got transported to this new location SaintDenis and the DLC began. There was no way for me to come back until Ive completed it. That itself has cause me some trouble.First of all, the DLC was designed to play after the game, not midgame. So I was weaker than expected, didnt have some skills unlocked yet. During the DLC you dont get skill points, so there was no way for me to unlock them there. But I still managed to beat it and while doing so Ive earned some great, powerful weapons and also loads of money. So when I came back to the main game, I was strong and rich, which then made the second part of the main game too easy.There was a silly bug in some of the cutscenes  my weapon of choice was a Guillotine Gun  a very powerful mortar with an axe attached to it. So I was fighting with that, killing anyone who came too close, and then a cutscene begins, showing me with my awesome weapon attached to my back, and some lame basic sabre in my hand.Overall the DLC was ok, a lot of running around back and forth, but also some demanding puzzles and fights. And a Guillotine Gun, of course.Was it better than Brotherhood? No.Was it better than Black Flag? No.Is it a good Assassins Creed game? Yes, absolutely.Paris looks great, theres a lot to do, the assassination missions offer different approaches and opportunities. beautiful Paris cool new weapons Guillotine Gun! parkour works also while getting down cant get enemies attention no whistling very insignificant music some cutscenes ignore your choice of weapons couldnt leave DLC mission until completed