Updated after sinking more time inSummary Its a tick like AC3 was, rather than a tock like AC2 or AC Black flag was. Fun but has AI flaws and is still horribly optimized. Major resource usage and can freeze or have a fps plummet, the patch was a basically a salve to a 3rd degree burn, eases the problem by fixing graphical stutter, part of the floor falling issue now you can only get stuck up to your waist!, and coop connection problems but it needs some serious surgery. Get it on sale or if you are a big fan and have a reallly powerful computer Details below.EnvironmentTheyve finally brought back the feel of running around you had in AC1 and the earlier games in the 2 series. And its finally about assassins doing assassin things again!Running around, climbing and transitions are incredibly smooth and flow nicely, it is more inutitive and random ejections from several hundred feet up seem like they will be much less of an issue, as you just need to move in a direction to drop off smaller ledges and pass over windows. There arent as many wonky corners where two points are misaligned and you cant actually move from one to another even if theyre adjacent to one another or akward transitions that you would see from Revelations, AC3 or AC4. However because of this ease anyone who played the older AC games might get stuck on these smaller ledges like I often do, because the old inputs to hop off any ledges, will not work on these smaller ledges often causing you to walk off, hop to another ledge/climbing point or freeze in place.CoverThe cover mechanic seems like it could have had alot of potential, but seems like a poorly adapted attempt at more recent splinter cell series cover system. It is incredibly clunky and transitioning is near impossible. In addition cover is generally useless the vast majority of the time as the environment is not properly set up for it. Cover is treated in a sort of box format, you can drop into cover on one side of the box, but there is no way to transition to another side of it. If there is a chair or other object in the way you are halted in your tracks, if the surface is round you may be able to follow the curve but stick out like a sore thumb or get stuck on some invisible edge. Additionally the AIs normal patrol pathing is incredibly poor for any decent usage of cover kills.. At best cover is for getting around an indoor area, as cover kills tend to be a one off attack, that leads into fighty time.Combat/Murdering/DetectionCombat is harder and the AI far more punishing both damage wise. Tools are more fun to use outside of combat, but are far less practical inside combat. While its far easier to switch between tools now with a 13/48 key choice, the animation or priority for using them is no longer as high, so oftentimes you have to mash a key in combat to deploy a tool causing you to not use it when you need it but use too many of it when you dont want to. You can no longer punch people or grapple with them or toss them off tall buildings.Air and Ledge assassinations are no longer really a thing. The range of air assassinations has become incredibly short, incredibly loud and easily foiled by a random awing or planter box. Similarly ledge assassinations are no longer very useful, most enemies will stop too far inside doors/windows to be reached through quiet ledge assassinations, and any others will almost CERTAINLY detect you on your way up, or even if you are on the ledge below them because balconies are designed like this . Essentially you can only ledge them at waist height, but they can shoot you if you can see their ankles or knees. Generally speaking its almost a better choice to kill someone from above, or from long range than from directly below them. In addition, you get double air assassinations very late into the game, sort of like this sentence.Combat is offset with Detection issues near AC3 wonkyness. The AI will usually detect you FAIRLY fast, sometimes even through cracks in the environment such as a hole in a barricade, or if you decide to crouch inside a angry mob of two hundred citizens. However the reaction time of the AI is a bit slow, you can easily run up to them and do a loud double asssination without them even going to an approach/search status. However they react into red status very fast. You could have one enemy that has detected you, and if you berserk blade/phantom blade them everyone in the neighborhood through six walls knows you shot him. Once the enemies enter red combat status, its like poking a hornets nest, every enemy in a relatively large radius will come swarming out of the literal walls to murder your and they will keep swarming and swarming untill you are dead.Its relatively easy to lose field of vision, as you can just climb up a nearby roof or through a window, but almost EVERY enemy has a gun, a very deadly and accurate gun that will knock you off your wall, its nearly impossible to climb to safety if attacked by more than 45 enemies at once. and extremely difficult with 3. Once you have escaped successfully the enemy will doggedly try to pursue you by running around the sides of the building, gone are the enemies that would climb after you, though they may jump through low level windows after you.Customization, coop, multiplayer and Black box single player/assorted other single playerCustomization is sort of mixed, while gear customization is reasonably on par with varying stat/consumble changes and whatnot, skill customization is basically an additional hurdle to block what you normally would have gotten through story progression in the first place. Getting the ability to shoot guns, throw certain tools, double assassinate, air assassinate or even attack properly now requires you to have a certain amount of points AND progress through a certain point in the story. The only two trees that seem to be actually diverse/augments are the stealth and health trees outside of the abilities to double assassinate, where the ranged and melee trees seem to just be things you SHOULD be able to do but cant do yet in the name of customizing.The coop missions are basically closer to what the old AC missions were like. Relatively long, but linear in objectives. They can be extremely easy or incredibly hard based on your approach, but it always seems to deleve into eventually brute force/overwhelming with numbers. Several of your obtainable skillpoints are strewn across the space of a mission but fairly often theyre off the beaten path and several minutes into the woods in placement, unless you know they are there chances are you wont find them unless you get horribly horribly lost.Repetition is encouraged for coop as certain skillpoints cant be obtained without specific skills, and you cannot obtain all the gear pieces for a mission without multiple runs.Multiplayer Coming soon not implemented yetBlack box single player Fairly fun gives you multiple routes in and multiple ways of murdering a guy. Sometimes its less than intuitive which requires slight planning and alot more waiting in your approach, sometimes I wish it were more complex or longer.The puzzles/murder mysterys are fun but do not show up on your world map automatically without real money transactions. The assassin missions are straightforward objective runs that give details into individuals and events during the time period. 