As an unfortunate fan of the AC series, you might think to come play this game after you play Syndicate and Origin or simply wish to go thru the whole series again. Well, while Unity kicked off the new engine and gameplay element for AC franchise like skill points and weapon/armor collecting, it has a very abandoned coop shoehorned in.The thing I have always loved about AC series is its alternate take on established history. The shadowy conspiracies, the secret wars and hobnobbing with famous and some notsofamous historical figures. But this game threw all that out for the sake of the damn coop. Imagine if some of the famous historical events were only playable via coop? Im serious. Some of the main historical events are not part of the main story and not even done by Arno most likely. The coop missions are instead narrated by Bishop, a modern day assassin who thought recruiting random console players into  a secretive Assassin order thousands of years old was a good idea wish I was kidding.Yup, thats the premise. You are a random guy playing a console game with animus tech made by Abstergo when the Assassin Order chooses you to be one of the Initiates to play the game and find ideas about where a precursor sword is hidden. Are ya crying yet?Ok fine, AC series sometimes had the worst kind of story telling. But what about the gamplay, you ask? Even AC 3 was redeemed by Aquila ship combat missions, you say? Well Unity slaps you in the face in this regard.Make no mistake, Paris is lovingly rendered and the new engine is gorgeous to look at. You will find protesters everywhere, rioting and dancing and sometimes carrying off a hapless noble, presumably to give them a close shave with a guillotine.Some gameplay mechanics were added and/or reprised from previous games like  Medicine to heal wounds rather than regenerating health Buying weapons and armor with stats like increased health or reduced detection range or more ammo capacity to mix and match according to your needs. Underarm crossbow which functions as the primary silent weapon  berserk dark thrower.But even here, the mechanic falls flat when Arno instead of freerunning like a majestic in ostrich, acts like a possessed 7 year old. When instead of running over a table or a chair, instead perches over it like a mentally challenged blind eagle. Or stepping over it when trying to climb down a opening via a ladder. Or the most rage inducing which is, dropping from a roof ledge to a balcony below. No no, you have to see to believe it! Arno lands on top of the people, on the ledges or the banister of the balcony, but NEVER EVER on the goddamn balcony.Map is filled to the brim with chests and side activities most of which are snooze fests and money received is not that much. Speaking of which, money is actually important and useful in the game, the best equipment are pricey to acquire and ammo refills are expensive.Assassins Creed Unity is a sound enough game which introduced some refreshing changes to the game but is also repetitive, boring and struggles with faulty mechanics and empty coop lobbies. Buy and play it if youre a fan. Otherwise, ask yourself if getting into the AC franchise is worth it if you have to sit through lemons like this one.