Can I recommend this game as of today ? The Answer is NO ! As you may have heard this games performance and optimazation is not good  AND THEY ARE RIGHT, ITS ABSOLUTELY HIDIOUS FOR A 2014 GAME ! I mean, somethings definitely not right when you get 1015 more fps when playing on ultra settings rather than low. Yes, this game looks AMAZING, and the story although Ive only played 40 min of it seems to be adventures, fun,  in general well put together. The parkour is also good and has been given an even more realistic look to it than the series previous releases. The combat system has been reworked to be more challenging in my opinion they made the combat system very buggy/stuttered with no fluency which is one the thing I didnt like, and the ability to choose different outfits is just fantastic D So is this a good game ? Yes, but not today, but I Ubisoft were to recreate the game engine to be more like the Red Engine from the Witcher 3 which is absolutely fantastic more of todays gamedevelopers should learn from them, this game could easily been on the top 5 games of the year  even today ! I fortunately bought this on 66  sale and I have tried different things to increase my fps as well as getting rid of some really strange clipping issues and stuttering. In fact, if the tweaks/tips actually work will depend very much on what system you have. Some have reported increase, others no results. As for me, none of the tips out there worked for me, in fact they actually made my fps worse.So to sum it up buy it on sale and if it runs good, then lucky you  enjoy  But if not, buy it anyway and then wait hopefully no more than 2 years and try again. Its so sad that AC was to be effected by this horrible trend that has been going on for the PC gameworld these days. Gamedevelopers today are so focused on making so beautiful games that they forget the most importent part, that the game is fun, perfomance friendly and makes you wanna come back to it. And this game does unfortunately not do that as its not perfomance friendly. 