The game overall is not too bad since the graphic detail and animations are absolutely amazingthat being said if you plan to play this game on a PC you better meet Recommended not minimum System Requirements. If you do not have the recommended requirements, your frame rate will be tanking the entire time youre playing around 15 to 40 fps MAX.On another note, the campaign missions seem rather dull and no longer has me interested in finishing the rest of the game the beginning missions before Arno became an Assassin were fine. The concepts behind the missions just arent very appealing. The coop mode, which was LONG overdue since the introduction of multiplayer in Assassins Creed was finally delivered in Unitybut was not executed outstandingly. Although it is rather intriguing to see fellow Assassins airassassinate into the battle to assist you, the repetitiveness of the coop missions gets overwhelming with the same formula of kill, investigate, steal, and other mindless objectives. Moving onto combat, I have no idea what happened but the combat in Unity just seems ridiculously difficult. You can slash all day but that enemy will NOT die unless you attack him at least 612 times. Edit I have finally figured out how to kill enemies faster, but that was only after upgrading the sword so you can actually do damage. Good luck getting enough money since the game is really stingy when providing means of income. The only way I got enough money was to grind the It Belongs in a Museum Heist which rewards you with 25,00070,000. You wont make enough money otherwise... Meanwhile you have other enemies surrounding you to deal with, some which will shoot at you and most likely take 1/2 to 2/3 of your health away if the bullet hits you maybe I missed a tutorial about meat shielding like the other games?? I dont know. As far as I know theres basically no effective way to not get shot and killed since you get stuck in kill animations. Furthermore, I personally do not approve of the new eagle vision that has a 10 or so second cooldown and only reveals targets for a FEW SECONDS the minimap also doesnt tell you any information about enemies anymore unless they are revealed through eagle visionthis makes stealth much harder since you have to toggle eagle vision on and off constantly otherwise you have no clue where the enemies are on the minimap. On the plus side, the new eagle vision reveals EVERYONE within a certain radius from you, whether or not you directly look at them or they are hidden behind solid walls.Overall, Assassins Creed Unity seems to have lots of potential to keep the player entertained through the amazing graphics and partially enjoyable coop mode only when you play 4 man with some IRL friends, I would not recommend this game unless you have a really highend computer. Anything below the recommended specifications and you will find a hard time enjoying the game. However, if the day comes that the game is substantially better in optimization as in 5060 fps for decent computer builds Unity may restore its honor.TLDR Assassins Creed Unity has great graphic detail, very poor optimization consistently 1540 fps, unforgiving combat system, a decent coop mode that gets repetitive over time. Do not play on PC unless you have a toptier graphics card and CPU.