Update Unity lowered the bar to such a point that almost all the positive comments recommend the game because IT CAN RUN. The sympathy for the game is bordering Stockholm Syndrome. It is praised for doing what exactly every single game should be able to do execute. Its almost brilliant and a great business model, too 1 Release a game with no content that cannot run. 2 Fix all the bugs. 3 Profit.First of all Unity is actually a decent game but since this is supposed to be a part of the Assassins Creed storyline, it miserably fails to fit in, hence the vote down.Secondly, of course, spoilers.The overall feel of Unity is more like a fan fiction project with an enormous budget rather than a proper, canonical installment.I think the most important thing that I would have liked to know before buying Unity is this It has. Apart from the occasional server change t which I think is a lazy excuse to include the Eiffel Tower in the game there is nothing happening today.Honestly I gave up on expecting any good story material after playing AC3, because the compelling and coherent story of the first civilization and their artifacts that will help prevent the 2012 apocalypse ended with Desmond. The story as it was revealed up to that point didnt require the juno plot twist to be any better.In Black Flag the sages were introduced, which were only conceptually replacing the artifacts. But I still had no problem with it, because the reason I play the games is the beautifully complex story that actually takes place today, which has layers and layers of narration embedded in each other. Like the way the game used to be about the modern day assassin Desmond, living Ezios life, who has visions of Altair and the way these characters are interconnected centuries apart the last speech of Ezio in Masyaf.But the good side is that you do not have to be annoyed about not being able to replay modern day missions, since there are none.Maybe Im mistaken but I remember an interview, explaining this initiate thing to be a way of supporting the immersion of the game play, that the player would indeed feel like the person who is actually in the animus. Well, it does not. and I do not. When there was this confused, interacting, afraid deep within and overall relatable Desmond, I cared about his story. His layer of narration was the buffer between the animus and the actual game. His presence was a mental bridge he was there to suggest the mode of interaction and how to feel. Now that the game has no modern day content, no outer layer of narration that I can relate to and is based on a complete rehash of the finding artifacts plot with the one key difference that there is no cataclysmic end game like the DESTRUCTION OF THE EARTH, it is reduced to some kind of assassination simulation.As it is stated by many other players, now the fighting is much, much better. It is more realistic that you cant take 30 people at once.Unless you use the smoke bomb generously.I was one of the people who thought the fighting should be more challenging and I actually liked this improvement at first, but the fact that it is easily overcome by buying powerful enough gear and smoke bombs, does not make me believe that this is a genuine attempt to make it realistic, but rather a way to make players grind points, or much better, buy helix points to upgrade. The new fighting mechanism doesnt require skill, it requires points. At some point, I ended up running into lifts like an idiot to collect extra creed points for a sword. There are nice improvements but all of them feel contrived.Plus, since with enough smoke bombs, skill and gear the fighting is exactly the same, the only difference now is that you dont see a damn thing through the shroud of the smoke while fighting. Or you can activate the eagle sense, of course, so now youre fighting luminescent, solid colored bald figures.Unity adds nothing to the main story arc and everything in the game is a rehash of an old concept, without proper justification unless you count being cool as a legitimate reason. I could completely skip this installment and I wouldnt miss anything storywiseLike Arno owning the Cafe Theatre is analogous of Ezio owning a town. But, well, Ezio is a ing landlord! Why does the Assassin Brotherhood just give away the entire income of a huge cafe to this one seemingly insignificant new recruit?What is the proper justification of the ancients devising a lightning sword, which is analogous of the apples and the shroud, that teleports to undefined distances? The apples and the shroud that was always there at every turning point of human history, as opposed to the sword which is there as a nice gimmick and an end game reward.Why nobody is freaking over the existence of such sword and looking for it, instead of looking for the body of a man, who was explained to be an identical genetic copy of another man with the identical set of memories, who was already captured dead in the previous title?Seriously, where is that sword? Doesnt the existence of such an artifact implies an additional title on Arno, where the modern day Assassins try and find the sword before the evil reverse engineers of Abstergo?Where did this Desmondreplacement, unnamed initiate come from? Desmond was held captive by Abstergo and later rescued by the Assassins. Why is this person agreeing a possible lobotomy and why should I relate myself to such an immaterial idiot? The stakes were real in the story for Desmond, because he was there in flesh and bone. And really, in ACR, his consciousness was able to get trapped in the animus, since he was introduced as a separate character and a plot device than the actual player. Since the initiate is an avatar of the player, We know that there is no risk of brain damage that will change the course of the modern day story, thus anything Shaun says is t to make the game sound cool.What happened to the bleeding effect? Is the initiate being trained now? For what? Or is this an upgraded animus that doesnt cause the bleeding effect? If so, then, is it actually a downgrade?What is the deal with Arnos eagle sense? Why are they making up new, ambiguous powers as they go along? When was the super smelling power introduced? Why Arno and no one else has the power of sharing consciousness with a dying person? If the eagle sense was a genetic trait coming down from the first civilization as explained in previous games, isnt it supposed to be more powerful as you go backward in the inheritance tree and not other way around?Why is everyone British? Of course they will have some accent after all, but why such a distinctive one? Just because there are palaces and it is Europe? With the nasal sounding butler and other characters, saying pretentiouslike rse or myes sire?If the entire Helix and Abstergo Entertainment subplot is their new immersion trick, how am I supposed to feel immersed while being asked to pay actual money for upgrades?Why is Ubisoft doing this to the franchise?So all in all, if you are a loyal fan of the series, youll disregard all the negative comments, including this one and play the game anyway. Thats what I did, because I was curious about the progress in the main story arc, which turned out to be nonexistent.If you are new to the series, please do yourself a favour and go start from Ezios story. Assassins Creed Unity is the single most beautiful Nvidia showreel I have ever seen and nothing more.The game of course had its few moments, which I will not spoil, the graphics were gorgeous and the soundtrack was the best so far bar the Revelations main theme. But I could be completely fine with watching few scenes online and listening to the soundtrack of Tous les matins du monde instead.