So much potential gone to absolute waste. It is actually so saddening that I have to write this negative review as I love the AC franchise. I ignored all prior negative reviews on this game and went into it with a positive mindset. How bad can it be? Its Assassins Creed, you cant balls it up that bad! Oh how naive I was. This game is cleary rushed and Ill be going through how bad they messed this game up.1. Freerunning Theyve changed the controls for free running, although this may be slightly annoying it isnt a deal breaker. However, it feels clunky as you cant manouver the way you could in prior games. For example, wall jumping to an opposite wall is just impossible, literally, you cant do it. The free running just feels scripted, in the sense that it isnt free, it just doesnt feel like Assassins Creed free running. Remember when you could take on multiple opponents in previous games and actually feel like a master assassin? Yeah well forget that too as if you get into combat with multiple people, not only will you have suffer with the flimsy and rushed combat system, but youll also probably die because of the same rushed flimsy combat system.2. Combat They had to touch a great combat system and just balls it up didnt they? ACBF combat was great, so was AC2, AC3, ACB and ACR. There is no longer blocking, you have to either parry which is essentially a countermove or dodge. There is no variation at all and it just feels slow and clunky once again. Remember how you could take human shields when you are about to get shot? Yeah, well forget about it as you cant do that anymore so there isnt a counter for it. Unless you run up to the shoot and hit him, you are going to get a bullet to the face no matter how amazingly you zig zag away. Combat is ruined.3. Gameplay and Missions The missions are quite standard but are frustrating when the simple game mechanics that AC was known for have been ruined. Making missions more tedious and annoying. This game feels like a chore and it shouldnt. You have to run a marathon each time you complete a mission just to get to another mission. Obviously done to increase longetivity in the game. Furthermore, once in a while youll get these BS get to point B from point A cos Abstergo have found you type missions which add literally nothing to the game, story wise. Its just a filler mission aimed to increase longetivity of the game, completely useless and annoying.However, the stealth in this game is quite interesting, nothing revolutionary pun intended but still quite fun. The game looks great visually. Voice acting is on point but the story seems rushed. I wont spoil anything but youll see what I mean if you choose to buy this game.If this is going to be your first AC game then dont buy it. Get Brotherhood or Black Flag. Basically, any AC game that isnt this one. If this isnt your first AC game, buy it with caution. It doesnt play like the other games and can get frustrating.All in all Im really dissapointed with this game. It is clearly rushed and just feels like a chore. If youre going to purchase this then wait until a sale.Final verdict 3/10  and thats me being nice.