Unity was great for what it was. If you dont look past what it was you will enjoy it.Otherwise, you will see a character Ubisoft tried to make into a replica of Ezio and mechanics that almost worked.The variety of things to do diminished compared to the past games except the Connor line of games, but the immersiveness of Paris and its neighboring areas felt alive, except the occasional graphic bugs.. The combat was smooth and the coop was a welcome addition to fooling around with friends except friends who did not take serious fooling around seriously!!Storywise, they strayed away from how the Assassins influenced history and more immersed you into history, while doing their own thing. It was more of a personal journey than history changing. At least, memorably speaking.When they added microtransactions, this game began to feel like a pay to win game. Stronger gear became available very early, although restricted through level requirements. This addition wasnt either welcomed nor shunted by me. It ate through my wallet getting the fancy looking gear most of the time, rather than getting what was best. The same goes for Syndicate.. I think the game would be fine if they left it alone.I agree to their decision to scrap everything they did here when they made Syndicate, but coop was honestly fun, although limited.. DFinally FIRECRACKERS!? WTF?! Do the French not know how to whistle or something?! That would have been the craziest history lesson any AC game would have taught!With all the excepts I mentioned, why recommend it? I liked it more than 3, mind you, so it is not the worst in the series. It could have been better, if they planned it properly. this was technically a PS3 face lifted game, then XB1 and PS4 got announced..Pass if you can play Syndicate or relive the Ezio Saga on XB360 backwards compatibility. Or play if you come a cross sales and want to experience another AC game or the French Revolution no Anne Hathaway or Wolverine cameos here, sorry. Its not that revolution, this is another one.