If Ubisoft hadnt done what they did and fixed the game I wouldve said that this game wouldve been the biggest flop of the year, maybe even suprassing how badly Destiny flopped. But because of their fix and patch, I can proudly and comfortably say that this game is worth a buy to play especially if youre a fan of the AC series.Most of the negativity of reviews that I have been seeing is mainly focused on either how bad the graphics are or how they cant run it. We live in a day and age where people will complain mainly about the graphics and not care as much about whether a game would be completely repetitive and/or have basically no replay value to it. A game shouldnt be mainly about the graphics but more about the gameplay really, and if you can play on the max settings and such, good for you but youre still getting the same experience no matter what settings you put it.But I digress. Gameplaywise I think the game is rather good or at least decent to play. I feel that the movement of your character is a little bit stiff but Im guessing theyre trying to add in the effect of them trying to shift their body weight and momentum into the direction youre trying to go. It seems to work very well whether you play it with a controller or mouse and keyboard, up to your personal preference.Graphics are REALLY not as bad as people are claiming. The graphics are decent enough to play with and not tooto the eyes or melting either means not too lets try to be as hyper realistic as possible with blinding god rays and not horrendous to where you wonder where the money was spent. If you say that the graphics are that bad I can give you some games that have worse than this, but again graphics are really not the selling point to me in this day and age. And they fixed most of the sudden popping in character and object problem to what Ive seen.Sounds are pretty good making the city and wherever you go feel as if its alive and thriving compared to being dull and lifeless with a mix of blandness in it.Multiplayer/Coop I have yet to try yet as, sadly, I dont have any other friends to play it with foreveralone. But to what Ive seen it can be pretty fun and worth doing.Ingame transactions! Sadly Ubisoft decided to put this feature in to try to get more money off of us if we wanted to unlock weapons and gear earlier. This is a doubleedged sword as youre basically going to be taking most of the fun out of the game by doing this. Penalty due to this.Overall, I think that this game is worth buying right now end of the year sale at time of posting and can be fun to play with friends. If you want to play games because you only care about graphics then please jump out the window of the nearest 10 story building. But if you want a game that you can have fun with and has a good story, then get this and enjoy yourself!Gameplay 9/10Sound 8.5/10Graphics 7.5/10Story 8/10MicroTransaction Attempt 3/10Overall 7.2Decent enough game to have in your library and more worth to have now that its on sale for a limited time. Game doesnt have any issues starting up and after some patches most of the problems have been fixed. If it was true that the game wouldnt be able to start at all then most of the people on the negative reviews with 20 hours wouldnt have been able to accumulate that many. The use of micro transaction in this game caused a big penalty for obvious reasons and to what was said by Ubisoft, the first DLC will be free.