As everyone knows, the initial release of this game was plagued with performance issues. So many issues in fact, that many customers felt they were blatantly cheated out of their money by Ubisoft. When I first played the game, my FPS was so low that I couldnt play it. However now that these issues are fixed, Ive realized something unfortunate about the game. It was released broken and in a despicable state, and yet is one of the best, if not the best Assassins Creed title to date.PROS1. Story One of the best stories in the Assassins Creed games. Arno the main character feels like an assassin and never becomes an overpowered master assassin. The overall theme of the story isnt about revenge or building up the assassin order. Its about joining a necessary evil to fight another to protect that which Arno loves.2. City The city of Paris looks awesome. One of the best cities in the series. You also get to experience rifts in the Animus where you get to see Paris in different time periods. The contrast is spectacular and not only makes you want to visit those other time periods longer, but also makes you appreciate revolutionary Paris even more.3. Customization This is one of the things that really sold me. While in the past Assassins Creed games you could dye your outfit, in Unity, you can mix and match buyable and unlockable pieces to create your own assassin outfit. Personally I liked the look of the Napoleon outfit pieces. Of course you can still change colors as well. The assassins in this game abandon the white of the assassin order for a multitude of different colors and it works well. Arno in his blue looks spectacular.In addition to the costume customization, you can also purchase different skills through earning an ingame currency called Synchonization Points. They can be stealth skills such as double assassinations, or abilities to handle different weapons or purchase new types of throwable bombs. While many players were disappointed that you dont unlock skills as the story progresses, I enjoyed unlocking these skills through this method. In addition, you can of course buy new weapons or upgrade them.4. Assassinations The assassinations are superb. Each assassination gives you info on distractions/events/anything that can help you in assassinating your target. It gives you the amount of entrances, guards and potential advantages. Assassinations do not feel so scriped as in previous games and this game lets you do them as you wish.CONS1. Game Peformance As stated earlier, the initial performance issues made the game unplayable. However once the patches came out and I updated my drivers, I found the performance much improved. The were occassional crashes, a number of minor glitches and annoyingly long loading times, but the game more than made up for it.2. Ubisofts Crap UPlay is still as annoying as ever. Microtransactions are still as annoying as ever does anyone but middle schoolers actually use them?. To unlock certain costumes and even chests, you need the Assassins Creed Nomad app and some other thing, which is annoying. I played the Nomad app to unlock the Altair costume and the app is both annoying and I havent unlocked the costume despite the only requirement being to have synched it to the game. Also my biggest complaint is that you cannot restart your progress without doing some tinkering and deleting files. Why? Well because Ubisoft made the poor decision to substitute a cloud save for an ingame save. You only get one profile in the game and you cant delete it. If you want to restart your progress, you cant do so from the game and you cant create any new profiles.In conclusion, I would definetely recommend this game. The initial performance issues were inexcusable Ubisoft needs to stop rushing games for yearly installments and Ubisofts poor business decisions are annoying. However as far as the gameplay mechanics and the story goes, I was very impressed. I played for about 6 hours straight, which is something very difficult for me to do. Should you have the PC to run it and are a fan of the series, I would most defintely recommend this game. 