Pretty important to note, Ive completed the game when it is polished, optimised and free from major bugs.And as such, this AC is worth it. Indeed, it was waaaay beyond my expectations. I was prepared for crappy game, and I received a solid one, which I enjoyed even more due to that. But first things firstCons not this many it is sort of tradition for Ubisofts AC games, but minor non breaking  creepy bugs still occur. Like dead bodies blinking ikr!, Arno having arm convulsions when kneeling before hes able to sheath his weapon. NPCs can go into hiccup repeating parts of their monologue till you get far enough not to hear it. one or two times game breaking bug occurred when youre unable to attack your enemies any more because... reasons! And when NPCs you needed to kill gets stuck. no hidden blades fight. Theyre there just to do what theyre ment to do. cannot easily switch between weapons. Have to preset them in character customization window. eagle vision is timed now. Does not hurt this much but... why? microtransactions. Ubisoft. Being able to bury such a great game with so crappy release. People remember it till this day, when game shines but still bares the brunt of the buggiest AC ever. My personal opinion is people do not dislike the game itself, but the state it was originally released in, and alas for AC Unity it came down to history.Pros tones of it New parkour mechanics makes it easier to move around and its happiness for eyes. Also often crowded streets somewhat force you to move using rooftops. Probably the only AC games when half of the time I was up there. Nice location in notso nice, nevertheless interesting times you can actually feel the dirtiness of French revolution, savage crowds, guillotines going up and down, severed heads and fanatics on the streets. Very nicely done, the environment is alive and lets you sink in the story. Also great chunk of amazing architecture you can climb on  always liked it. Good story. Very assassinish. Ambiguous too you may or may not agree with stand points of some of your fellow assassins. And I do like how it connects with Black Flag Sage. Many side missions rifts, Paris stories, riddles etc. which do not feel as repetitive as in notorious for it AC 1. Lots of collectibles, costumes, weapons and other activities. Ok fighting mechanics. You can actually get inside many buildings. Coop multiplayer. This is the only multiplayer Ive ever played in AC series which offered it. And man, this is a blast! This is how it should be. I know I wont be uninstalling just yet, just to have few more goes in coop. These are fun! Free DLC Dead Kings is dark, tomb raiderlike, I really liked foggy dim filter put on there and the crypts. It also adds to all the first civ. story.In summary I approached this title as cat would hedgehog due to its bad fame. Glad to see this game tidied up. Too little too late it would seam though, as people in their majority still seam to have bad opinion about it. But if you are still on the fence about Unity, like I was, you can easily let it go. Game is very playable now, and its not difficult to find coop still. Apparently some people are  playing Unity till this day which is indicative of how great this game could have been if not for greed, Ubisoft! 