Let me first off say, i was just having aconversation with my Girlfriend yesterday about the assassins creed series being a bunch of rushed projects off the same cloth, given to us as a new game every year, with a bland, forgetful protag, Minus Earlier renditions, First and Ezios life and i suppose black flag. with a bland, over the top Stealth mechanic that was more of Why the hell would i sneak around when i can walk into a fortress and destroy everyone without much hesitiation? So when i saw this on sale, i was looking to scratch an itch similar to the one you get after you assasinate one or two people. That bland, It needs to be dead with some style. I expected to scratch it, get through about 30 of the game, and let it sink into my library, much like AC3, and the rest.Now im going to tell you why most of the reviews and my first oppinion, were really, really wrong.Know this is where assassins creed SHOULD. have been years ago, There is a lot of decent moves forward for the genre here,Albiet forced coop that can be fun, but mostly hurts your progression and an app thing thats plain blasphemy Such as being able to scale down, acctually being able to crouch and move stealthfully by your self as oppsed to merrily jaunting Stealth. and a new fighting mechanic that feels more personal and adds a bit of skill to what was a pretty wompus fighting system at the end.The Graphics here are wonderful, after you see the intro, compared to the last entry before this one, i belive it was rouge, its a night and day difference, and you know that years down the road that you will be able to draw the line where the xbone and psuck stopped holding the damn series back graphically. The game looks wonderful and its cities, people and fighting sequences impress, its the first game since AC2 where i could see a major graphic step, and also read faces as they should be read. I no longer feel like im playing Protag of AC such and such Im Playing as Arno Dorian,On that note, alot of flack coming to and about Arnos character, I have no reason why or how that was ever a thing, but Arno is a fantastic character COMPARED TO THE BLAND PROTAGS OF THE LAST 3 GAMES excluding addons and expansions and yaddayadda. but not really, they sucked too. At least he has SOME semblance of back story, and whats this? He acctually doesnt start off as some whimsicall killing machine that some how skipped years and years of training to become a master assassin? Yeah. looking at you ACBF. He is introduced to the assassins in a pretty neat way, and earns his way up to master through the story and how much you apply skills that are common to the AC genre. hes a breath of fresh air, i feel like they borrowed from Ezio a bit, but at the same time i feel he is his own, so i dont regret throwing it out there that i genuinely like Arnos character.The meat of the game is wonderful, the new system for getting up, down and round with your assasscreedcore running is nice and at least updated, i no longer feel Most of the time that i am running with some whimsical string tied around my hip and throwing me throught the air with my feet occasionally hitting a roof or something. It feels nice, i thourghly enjoy the idea that a button keeps me moving forward, down or up in a direction, its not perfect, im not stating it its, but it is a step in the right direction. i appreciate the movement that should have been around a long time ago but, better late then never.Customization. Theres a word we sometimes get with AC, some colors and some cool armor at the end. Customized. Not this time friends, this time you acctually get to pick what your assassin wears! If that doesnt some how excite you from what you were doing in previous AC games, well then this probablly isnt the game for you to begin with, but if you are still reading know that Arno is by far and large the most customizable assassin you have played yet and hosts a SLEW of ways to make him yours, its a neat thing that, like the rest of the things they added to unity, should have been there before, but better late then never.TLDRUnity is a great step forward for the series, people are ing and moaning that the protag is not an Edgemaster9000 or that coop is lame, and pick apart what we all should be saying is a wonderful step forward for what was a stagnant series. So if you were like me and hesitant to come back to something that was dead, dont be, the sale is on, pick this up, and appreciate that things are being done to help out a dying breed. And you know, enjoy the game.