Not much care put into its day one quality. Patches since then have made it bearable. Preordered and got burned. DEMANDS A  HIGH PERFORMANCE PC. If framerate is important to you and youre on a medium range rig you might even have to turn down the resolution for better performance. Frame rate dropped down to near single digits on my rig also medium range at the time of release.  EDIT Optimization patches have gone out and it runs significantly better, but still demands a higher end setupStory was satisfying to me, rushed character development on the protagonist Arno might keep you from being invested in the story. Multiplayer matchmaking works wonderfully for me, however becomes repetitive as you need to repeat certain CoOp missions to unlock different gear. You CAN however do CoOp missions by yourself. Club system in place to consolidate players into defined groups guild or clan basically however i have yet to see this mechanic play out the way it is supposed to due to the absence of club participants.New free running system works beautifully, and is satisfying. Yes you CAN get everywhere by holding RT, but finding the quickest/shortest path requires you to actively adjust your route and manually time your jumps.Combat system IS more difficult which is fantastic and AI are more hardy which makes combat more risky, but WAY more satisfying. When fighting higher level enemies, you wont win the fight by just spamming Attack and countering every so often. The new stealth mode is a long awaited mechanic that works fairly well, though there is a bit of a learning curve when it comes to using the corner cover mechanic.It is, however, a collectathon, requiring you to collect Artifacts, Chests, Cockades, Newspapers, and Sync Points to unlock certain customizing options for your gear and clothing. There are many well designed pieces of gear that give you certain stat buffs, and allow you to customize your Assassin.All in all, a rushed addition to the Assassins Creed franchise with many oversights at launch and now. It remains a ghost of what was expected of it, but remains an Assassins Creed game nonetheless. Leaves its past installments in the dust in cosmetic design and navigation. Cant say much else. Hopefully some more care and time will be put into the next game. 7/10EDIT With all of the patches it has recieved, it is definitely worth a try if you have a decent rig. Much more satisfying gameplay and story wise than Syndicate. If its on sale, Id suggest picking it up. Optimally for 20.00 or less.