Assassins Creed Unity is a game that would be more enjoyable, with a few tweaks and fixes.Ive managed to stack about 32 hours into this game now, and have tried a bit of everything the campaign is finished, and I have put time into the side content as well. From the experience Ive had so far, I believe that the game isnt too bad. The story and the characters were pretty decent overall. I enjoyed Arno and Elise, and the wry humour in the interactions between the two. The story fleshes out fairly similar to the rest of the Assassins Creed games, acting about in a tested formula that allows for a satisfactory experience. The problem, however, lies within game mechanics, performance, and lack of access to content. These issues combined may drain some enjoyment out of your game time.First of all, the game mechanics. This will be mainly focused on character control, as most of the issues lie here. In terms of combat, I believe the movement is quite fluid. It has built over the previous combat system, and ensures that you will avoid biting off more than you can chew in a fight, unless you have a death wish. Too many enemies will leave you overwhelmed, putting you in a tough situation very quickly. Actual explorationstyle movement, however, is a great hindrance when playing. The animations themselves roll nicely, but when it comes to trying to move Arno in the direction you wish, he just doesnt seem to want to listen. He will stumble off in another direction, or fail to climb something you have just moved towards. Climbing through windows will take you more than a few times before actually going through the window. Trying to jump over an object near the edge of a roof will have you falling to your death after an unexpected and unwarranted leap over the edge. All in all, Unity has a very clunky movement system, and as a result, gameplay can sometimes be frustrating.Secondly, the games performance. From what I have read in the other reviews, performance is appalling, making the game unplayable for many. I have fortunately not had issues of the severity that the majority of the reviewers here seem to be reporting. However, I have had to deal with light to moderate FPS lag/stuttering. However, even a small amount of stuttering can completely hinder you ingame for many activities. Lockpicking, and trying to land the cursor inside of the small rectangle to open the lock is nearly impossible, with the unpredicable stuttering. Combat will be especially awful, causing parrying to often miss completely. Ive had one application hang, which seemed to be of no apparent reason. Even after the driver updates for our video cards, it appears that there is some work to do on Ubisofts part.Lastly, the lack of access to all content. Although I use this app myself, the Unity Companion ultimately proves to be fairly irritating. Getting through the missions better to be called chores require having units be stationed at jobs for what can be many hours before the next. Even after beating the campaign, I have not finished the first set of missions yet. Another frustation is the fact that most of the Legendary endgame content is locked to Club Competitions. Now, the game itself is playable without this content, but for a completionist such as myself, not being able to get this content through my efforts alone make trying to completely finish the game an annoying task. I want to have the best gear, but I dont want to have to rely on forming or joining a club to make that happen.The game itself isnt entirely bad. I enjoyed playing the campaign, and the Coop missions were pretty fun. Honestly, I can still recommend it. Ill probably keep playing the game, and work on finishing the game 100. What Ubisoft needs to do is to work on releasing some patches and fixes to keep this game from becoming any more frustrating. The gamebreaking problems need to be addressed as soon as possible, and I personally think that making multiplayer optional would take off some of the frustation as well. In conlusion, enjoyable game, just needs to have its problems addressed.7/10As a side note, the state in which this game was released causes me to worry about the other upcoming releases, and if theyll actually be finished to an acceptable degree.