50th. review  This one deserves it. Assasins creed unity is one of the most unjustly critised games ever.Short reviewNot that good of a story with a bit clunky controls, but the attention to detail and depth is unmatched. Not exactly like old assasins creed games but definitely a historicaly fresh and original look. I bought on a sale and i would say the best assasins creed ever. There is no animus drama in this game. Story takes 25 hours and the map is huge enough. Do not miss it on sale.Long reviewAssasins creed unity brings yet another new character on to the stage, Arno, who is a child of an assasin leader during the pre revolutionary times of France Around 1790. This amazing game has tons of pros that will wipe out the cons so lets begin with cons Controls are a bit weird. You may find yourself running circiles on the edge of a balcony or fountain, or hanging on the doorstep while trying go get in the room D The optimization is not that good. You may need a graphic card as good as gtx1060 ti or rx480. The sync points which are used to upgrade the character are limited in single player. So you have to complete some online missions in order to fully upgrade. Enemies have eyes and ears like superman. Do not even try to complete missions in stealth. Just create a chaos with some bombs, divert the enmies and assassinate the target and run away like hell. Snipers are legendary. The story has lots of cliche ideas like your childhood crush turning out to be a templar and an a traior in the assasins council. Game has som bugs but not that much.Even with these cons, this game is stil amazing. There are side missions to spend time, nostradamus enigmas to find, murderers to solve and extremists to assasinate. The story takes 25 hours and leaves plenty of other activities to spend time. You can collect cocades and amulets and open chests. These will always reward you with something.You can reveal the whole map by climbing the historical towers and syncing in first 5 hours of the game. You should take time to upgrade yourself and your weapons because missions will get harder pretty soon. You can realy enjoy coop missions with your close friends. Some missions are going up to 4 players.The paris is a huge city and there is a connection to versailies. The teritories are divided according to difficulty of the rank of the gangsters and offical officers. But you can still free roam around the city as mush as you want. Just keep away from those nuisances.You will have an income in this game, so you can just walk around and make money to buy new weapons. You have your own room in the game. It does not mean much since you can customize your character whenever you want, but i saw Arno placing his arms on the fence of the balcony and gazing his eyes around when i stood near by the edge, and it felt like home. Details There are swords, long weapons, pistols, snipers and big guns. All these types have at least 20 different kinds with unique abilities. You also have money pouch to distract people, smoke grenades to make smoke obviously, stun grenade to stun enemies nearby, poison gas for obvious reasons, phantom blade for remote kills, cherry bomb for taking attention, medicine to heal, and my favorite, the berserk blade to drive them crazy and attack to their own friends. If you want wepons variety and strategies, this game is rocking it.Missions have side opportunities like creating a diversion by freeing captives. I do not recommend risking the whole mission for these side activities because as i said before, you will probably fail to stay stealth.Pros This game has lots of development effort that most of the player do not realize. There are newspapers to read around the city to inform you about what is happening. There is information available about every plave and people in the game. There are cafes to buy for income and people will start singing in those lively places. The paris is going to get through a revolution and you can feel and see the clues around the city. Every street is another scene. You can and will literaly go through buildings or get a mission from one of them. Visual quality and historical environment is amazing. You can literaly feel like you are living in Paris. There are tons of details that has created a vivid sensation. The historical ambient and decoration looks skillfuly placed in every corner. Environment is lively. You do not feel like a ghost and nobody cares what you do. Because every action you do gets a feedback from nearby crowd. And the crowd... That crowd is the best populated scene in a game ever. Some areas like in front of the justice hall, are incredibly dense and the still manages to render the scene, even though some glitches are present. The streets are full of people who are NOT just copy paste animations. I have seen men and women making out, people sweeping the streets, carpenters working, fighting, dancing and singing... And lot others. This is serious effort that most of the gamers just do not understand to appreciate. There are dogs wandering around D Some extremists will tempt or provoke you while you are just walking by. Character customization is off the charts. You can literaly get together a clothing piece by piece. Your hood, chest, hands, pants, boots and belts can be customized. All these pieces have their own specialities for health, stealth, ranged weapons and one more thing that i forgot. So if you chose your clothing according to your favorite skills, you might end up looking like a freak. And this is where preset clothes kick in. You can wear other games assasins clothes and the upgrades would apply without modifying the clothes. I wore Ezios master outfit. There are multiple numbers of weapon types. I have never used anything other than a sword and a hidden blade. You will need money to buy new weapons. But dont worry, you will have cafes around the town which will bring you a genorous income after renovated. There are historical characters in the game, like Napoleon Bonaparte and Marque de Sade. There is a last seen mechanism in the fights. If an enemy spots you somwhere, they will start converging on your last seen location, which is a ghost of you placed by the game. So you can predict where the idiot officers are going and go around them. You will be figthing with your crush side by side, even though she is a templar. Cute  Some sequences of the game takes place in World War 2. Or 1. Tha game manages to capture a 1900 years paris and lets you climb eiffel tower and shoot down airplanes and run away from subways. This is called variety. The game has a descend button to help you descend from whereever you are. Thus you do not have to find a proper way to get down from heights. Just press a button and Arno will handle the rest.Assassins creed unity is a rich adventure game with amazing visuals. The story of our assassin is not as captivating as older games but the ambient would and should amaze you enough to keep playing. 