I was waiting to finish this game before I gave a review but I just about had it with this game.The game itself is not bad. The story is still intriguing but falls short of its predecessors. I think they could have been far more creative with the script, but I am no writer so I do not fully understand the creative mind of writers. The game does have some repeatative sections but so have all the other AC games. You do not have to complete them if you do not want to. I usually hit about 8090 and I give up and replay the game, as I do not want to do missions that grant little reward or fail to have a meaningful story/point i.e. the collection of the cockades in the game for silly color schemes.The gameplay is still fun. Fighting off hordes of enemy with a sword and handgun or whatever is your preference is still exciting every time. They did away with some of the good features from past games, which I was a bit upset about. The human shield was an excellent addition that, for some reason, they decided to get rid of on this one. Until you have a fast pistol towards the middle/end of the game, enemies firing their handguns while you are fending off others with sword can be quite difficult. The first pistols you can own are rather slow and by the time you can quick shoot an enemy look towards the respective enemy and double click they have already let off their round. The human shield is almost a necessity in some cases when you are swarmed. The vast amounts of weapons and armor are a welcome addition. You can have a mixture of whatever you please and create an outfit that most fits your wants and needs. The whole ensmemble outfits are useless. They provide no additional stats but I guess you can aquire them for the nostalgia of past AC games. Overall I have enjoyed playing this game, when it works. This gives way as to why I do not recommend the game.This game has been out for months and it still has a lot of glitches. They have released patches to no avail. Gameplay is almost impossible at times due to some of these problems. Ubisoft serioulsy needs to work on releasing games when they are ready, not when they feel they can make the most money. They have gotten progressively worse with every AC release as to how glitchy the game is. Here are some of the problems randomly freezes for a few seconds, which is a huge problem when you are fighting as the screen will suddenly catch again and you are in serious trouble or dead at that point the loading times are ridiculous, it used to be faster to switch to fast travel point but now the loading screen is on for so long that I have just resorted to running to the location and the most frustrating thing is that the game will just crash at points, making you have to wait forever to load the damn game again. Ubisoft recommends that you disconnect from the internet to avoid all the catching and glitches, but it is an integral part in order to save the game and purchase items.I do not have the best computer in the world, but I have never had so many problems with one game as long as I have owned it. It is very, very frustrating trying to play this damn game and I love the AC series. I have played it since the first one came out because of the history, story telling, and gameplay that it offered. Now I am starting to question if Ubisoft is just sending this series down the drain simply for profit. I really hope that the next series gets released COMPLETED and with far less issues. I still have hope for this series, but even fans like myself are having their doubts.