Given the mixed Steam reviews and lackluster critic reviews, I thought Id weigh in. I bought all the AC games during the  Winter Sale, and have been going through them in order. So chances are Ive played the older ones more recently than most.This game, like most in the series, has its strengths and weaknesses. Dont let the critics fool you  at the minimum, this shouldnt be rated lower than Ghost.Pros Engaging Story with choices! Great character development Beautiful locations Much more realistic atmosphere Deeper RPG elements More indepth character customization both skills and gear More realistic/difficult combat Larger variety of side missions More interesting/varied side questsCons Frustrating  clunky climbing mechanics Frustrating  clunky jump mechanics Awkward keymapping which can cause issues Nonresponsive commands during combat Frustrating  clunky mechanics did I already say that? Whoops Bugs which force restart of game  quests Jumbled/Awkward/Cramped MapMixed/Opinion Less handholding in quest objectives Less detailed HUD More difficult combat esp. vs. multiple attackersTo expand on a few things The story, character development, and more realistic locations/objectivs make for a MUCH more engaging game overall. In Rogue, for example, I felt zero attachment to the character and story. If you enjoy a gripping story with love, action, betrayal, and highstakes decisions, then youll enjoy this game. The more indepth RPG elements like choosing gear with  bonuses to fit your play style is a welcome addition from someone who has always been a sucker for RPGs. MY BIGGEST GRIPE The run/climb mechanics are unbelievably frustrating. Ive died more times in this game b/c of the games refusal to cooperate with what I want it to do than every previous AC game combined. The direction youre pointing means almost nothing when freerunning or climbing. In the previous games, I loved the freedom of being able to hold shift, point in any direction, hit the space bar, and leap. If I cant make the jump and die? Whatever, my fault. Something is there to grab onto? Cool, hes going to grab on. Not in this game though. Instead, theyve made it more sticky which means its about 100 times harder to get your character to go where it wants it to go. Instead of feeling like I have free reign over my character, I feel like Im either in climbing mode or running mode and its hard to seamlessly go back and forth.I cant tell you how many times I died b/c my character refused to move on a wall while I was getting shot no matter what keys I pressed. Also, key mapping. Whose idea was it to make space bar the hide command and also the roll/dodge command? I just love when Im fighting, go to dodge, and the genius hugs the closest wall while taking a halberd to the face!All in all, a very good game and worth your money/time, especially during a Steam Sale...especially for people who like storydriven RPGs. 