Well the bugs are fixed. That should be said first off. But where does that leave the game?Combat? Its much improved. Even better than in Black Flag. You can choose between one handed, heavy and long weapons. You get various ranged weapons and various tools for example a silent knife launcher or poison gas. The combat in Unity is challenging, but rewarding. For the most part  agile guards are absurdly so, being able to block all normal attacks and dodge bullets at point blank range.World Exploration? Mixed. You get to find various chests and secret riddles. The problem is the system which the game employs to open chests. Its a minigame where the cursor speeds from top to bottom and you need to press a key at the right moment. Ive played a lot of games, but this is easily the worst lockpicking system ive ever seen. Over time you get better at it hopefully and you can get gear to increase the ammount of lockpicks you can carry but the system is very stupid and very frustrating. As an added stupidity, chests are divided into three tiers. Each tier requires a skill and each of these is only unlocked as you progress into the game. The third is only unlocked about 3/4ths into the game, meaning that you can only freely explore the game world then.Characters. Again mixed. The main duo Arno and his love interest, Elise are reasonably well written and fun to watch. But the others... Well theres not many others. We get a few main npcs but these appear fairly rare and although theyre not hopelessly shallow, they still lack something  chances are youll remember them. And you wont be missing much.Although Napoleon is awesome.Main story. Weak. Not bad, mind you. But definitely weak. After Black Flag i was expecting more from AC. The sequences themselves are very much uneqal. Some are thrilling and fun to play, but others and this is a lot of them are just boring. It also has to be said that the events of the plot are predictable almost to the point of it being absurd. Youll probably see a lot of them coming from a mile away. Especially the ending, whch is really quite stupid.Side missions and activities. Varied again. To give the game credit, a lot of the side stories are interesting although not challening until the end where the challenge is created by stacking thirty guards in one place. But the other things you do in the game are bland. You no longer have assasinations. What you have is sad remnants of a now defunct game companion app no longer needed You do however get murder mysteries, where you find a body and try to find the killer.So to sum up. Whats good and whats bad about this game?The GoodArno and Elise are charmingthe game has improved graphics and improved combat mechanicsUnity offers far more gametime than any previous AC game i got 100h out of it, not couning the free dead kings dlcthe new coop systemThe BadNo Revolution  despite what the trailers claim you dont actually get to interact with the events of the revolution. It all just happens offstage. The quests have next to nothing to do with the revolution.The game still has visible scars from the companion app and some other nowdefunc things.The story is weak.The world feels empty and its exploration is arbitrarily halted by the lockpickingThe world also failed at least for me to make me feel the setting and the time period in the same way as the previous AC games havethe lockpicking  very stupid, very annoying  on par with a bad flash game, not a fourty euro mainstream gameSo who is this game for? Its hard to say. If you want a casual AC with better combat, then you may well like it. If youre an Assassins Creed fan, then youll like the game too  an okay part of the series, if not anything special.BUT, if you want a good plot, then you might want to pick up Black Flag or Rogue.AND if you want a game about the French Revolution maybe after listening to Les Miserables then this is definitelly not it. 