I honestly liked this game a lot, however it did have its glaring flaws as do most Assassins Creed games that are the first to utilize new engines. A lot of buzz was going around about how buggy this game was, but for me, it was very rare for me to experience and issues, and when I did, they were pretty minor. The graphics were pretty damn good compared to every other AC game aside from the render distance being pretty wonky at times. It seems a lot of people complained about this game not running well on their PC, but honestly, just disable ambient occlusion and antialiasing and set everything else to either high or very high. My computer never dropped below 60 fps when I disabled these two options and I never noticed a difference in the visual quality from doing so. For those who may be interested, Im using an i5 cpu with an nvidia geforce GTX 770, so my pc isnt exactly a super tank, but its definitely not bad either.With that aside, the main plot of the game was decent enough, the mechanics were smooth as hell and it felt great climbing and fighting, but I felt the stealth was quite unforgiving and it seemed like no matter what you did most of the time, you were eventually going to get caught because of there being aton of guards that you cant kill without being spotted. I attempted to 100 this game, but I eventually gave up for two main reasons some of the coop missions were batshit hard if you attempted them solo, and to be able to see where all of the collectibles, missions, etc. in the game are, you have to buy it with Helix points. You eventually earn all the Helix points you will need for finding all the objectives if you play the game, but no more than that. Once you earn them, you cant earn any more, and if you spent any of them on anything else, then youll have to start all over if you dont want to purchase any Helix points. I really dont agree with this business practice. Easily the worst aspect of the game.Either way, the campaign was interesting enough to keep me wanting to know more about what happens and the difficulty in combat was amped up by quite a bit, which I personally enjoyed. It actually gave you insentive to get really rich to get the best gear possible so that you can fight those higher level guards with more ease. One GIANT problem though with the combat the snipers positioned on the roofs are overpowered as all hell. They shoot you without warning, are undodgeable, and you die in around 45 shots with the best possible armor and almost fully upgraded health. Overall, its a pretty good game that I think is underrated by a lot of people.