You wont have more fun on any other AC game.Its about time they add a stealth button sneaking. And the cover thing is pretty cool too. The stealth is quite astonishing in the game. Now, the movement is a bit... extreme. Arno can jump a bit too far, and he can jump faster than he can run. A bit odd in my opinion. But Unity has the best combat in any AC game, in my opinion. Instead of regenerating health like you do in Black Flag or Rogue, you have to take medicine like in AC II. The added reality of not being able to block strong attacks is wonderful, as I always saw it as quite odd in other games. Murder mysteries though! Oh, and, HEALTH BARS!!! One more thing, the assassination and killing animations are astonishing. The sprint killing animations are my favorite though.Im sure many dislike the perk system added in Unity. Personally, I think it has given the series the added customization it needs. It prevents you from becoming too strong too quickly. Also, renovating the Cafe Theatre and numerous others is quite a cool feature theyve brought back from AC II. Oh, and, being able to wield 4 types of weapons for a melee is pretty cool.dont worry, no spoilers!Full of twists and turns. Rich character development, rather historically accurate events, and a large amount of content which I have not tapped into yet. But the server bridge stuff is pretty annoying. I really wish they would just wrap up the modern Templar vs Assassin conflict. Its really annoying.Now this is where I had to deduct 1.5. On PC, the optimization is so poor. I play on low graphics quality for my GTX 960M 2GB to get 40 FPS. Nevertheless, the graphics are incredible. I have to say that they are a milestone in PC gaming. Even on poor quality, they are exceptional graphics.A must play. If you dont like the price now, and you still want to play it, get it on sale. I got it for 16 USD for the winter sale. In my opinion, a great success for Ubisoft. Like most of their games.If you can afford it, play AC Rogue while playing this game. Wont say why cause I dont want to spoil it!P.S.  So I just finished the ending of the main story. I actually liked it. Many people will say that it is the only bad part about the story. No. Its great. Play the game.