Ok, first off, Unity is NOT poorly optimized. The game scales well with more powerful hardware and doesnt suffer from unreasonable CPU bottlenecking. The game engine is properly multithreaded and scales well across multicore processors.The game IS demanding, but not ridiculously so. For example, it is only marginally more demanding than Shadow of Mordor for me, but it looks vastly better. In both games I am unnable to achieve 60fps with my GTX 770 and i5 2500k, so I cap them both at 30fps. The difference is, Shadow of Mordor has microstutter due to poor framepacing or perhaps asset loading. Unity, on the other hand, is perfectly smooth at 30fps, with no microstutter to mar the experience. And the ultra textures in Shadow of Mordor have heavier VRAM requirements, but dont look nearly as good as the ultra textures in Unity.People need to keep in mind that Unity is one of the first graphically advanced current gen games. It makes no sense to compare Unity to last gen games and crossgen games that dont look anywhere near as good. Unity runs well, given how advanced its visuals and world simulations are.Go look up benchmarks for Dragon Age Inquisition the performance is fairly similar to Unity, but I can tell you from first hand experience seeing the game at PAX Prime that it doesnt look as good as Unity.Here are my recommendations for those complaining of poor performanceFirst of all, if you have an average PC and expect to run advanced new games at 60fps, youre dreaming. Go upgrade your PC or just quit gaming. Game requirements are only going to get heavier now that truly next gen games are starting to come out.If you DO have a decent PC, first you should know that FXAA actually gives the best image quality in this game, so there is no reason to use the more demanding forms of antialiasing in this game.Second of all, if you cant maintain 60fps most of the time and your framerate is swinging up and down, just cap it at 30fps. It will actually result in a perceptively smoother gameplay experience. 30fps isnt as good as 60fps, but its better than a highly variable framerate. The proper way to cap at 30fps is to use Nvidia Inspector and select the half refresh rate vsync option, with Vsync set to standard in the setting above that. This will give you a properly vsynced 30fps free of screen tearing or microstuttering. If you have an AMD card use RadeonPro and the double vsync option.Also, by using external vsync and turning off the ingame vsync option you will actually get higher framerates. Make sure you are using the game ready drivers for Unity as well.If you are getting decent framerates, but still getting stuttering it could be because you have too little VRAM. Turn down the texture quality to high. Using FXAA or injected SMAA and avoiding 4x MSAA or TXAA will also help with VRAM issues.Unity runs very well on my PC considering how amazing it looks. And I am enjoying the game immensely. The story is the best yet in the series, in my opinion. Im drawn in and legitimately want to know what happens next. It doesnt hurt that the cutscenes are so gobsmackingly beautiful.The gameplay is also the best in the series for me. The combat is harder and requires more skill and focus. Ive actually died quite a few times in this game, which generally doesnt happen much to me in other AC games.The traversal is generally much smoother and more refined this time. The animations are incredibly detailed and varied and there is a greater sense of freedom of movement. Sometimes when using the controlled descent mechanics your character will kind of float unnaturally sideways as he is descending, but that is the only niggle I have with the new mechanics. Being able to climb up, over and around things so fluidly makes me feel like spiderman. I also like the fact that you can now enter so many buildings and use them as pathways while traversing through the city.Stealth has been improved dramatically. Finally we can crouch and take cover behind objects, which opens up all kinds of neat gameplay scenarios in the game. Its finally a proper stealth game. There is also a last known position mechanic, similar to that found in the recent Splinter Cell games, and it works well and allows you to use it to your advantage to attract and slip away from enemies.The mission structure is a lot better and more flexible than in previous entries. You are given a certain mission, but it can dynamically change this time. You arent stuck completing it only one predefined way. There is also a much greater variety of different side missions you can tackle in the game. It all makes the game so addictive.As far as the visuals, all I can say is wow. I can say without any hesitation nor hint of exaggeration that this is the best looking game I have played on PC. The lighting, shading and materials all look stunning. Its filled with detailed textures, volumetric smoke and fog, extremely detailed character models, the most realistic hair Ive seen in a game, lots of neat shader work, and a host of advanced post effects.So far it is easily the best game in the series for me and one of the best games Ive played this year. 