Apparently, Assassins Creed was suppossed to have ended at AC3. After that, the story, conspiracies, and well anything at all interesting or unique that made this game stand out was thrown out the window. I didnt buy Black Flag once I had heard it was going to be about pirates and have nothing to do with the actual AC backstory or universe practically for that matter I am unsure what compelled me to try Unity. I guess I thought the return to an urban setting would mean AC would be back on track. AC Unity just goes further and further of track. There is absolutely nothing about this game that is relevant to Assassins Creed when it comes to the detailed immersion in the brotherhood you have had before in past games, and their struggle/plight. ACU is just way, way, way to watered down to be appealing to long time fans.The only accomplishment this game can attempt to claim is the super detailed and stunningly visual game world that IS better than any other AC ever. But it is totally glitched to hell, constantly repetitive in terms of side quests, random events you come across while roaming, and even the npc types and the interactions they have with each other. And there arent even shops anymore in the game. Only one hub to get ammo and gear from, which is either the assassins vendor in your HQ or the start button. YES, you can just click start and get what ever consumables you need. There is truelly no point to actually exploring and getting immersed in the game world, like in AC II for example.I kept playing the game till I got about a quarter of the way through the story. I kept believing that I would end up playing a mission where my hopes would be revived and I would find a well designed level that was challenging and made me fell like a badass assassin again. Things only got worse, and worse, and worse as time went on. Eventually I found myself on a level where you had to listen in on and follow a target as they made their way through a mansion where there were just hordes of enemies crammed into each floor, just standing around. They didnt even have meanigful or well thought out patrol patterns. One cluster of three enemies walked infinitely around in a ten foot circle next to a flight of stairs. Unbelievable.I  eliminated all of the outside guards before going in side, which was a breeze as enemies literally can not see what is happening directly in front of them if they are more than fifteen feet away, rooftop guards are especially like this. Once inside I was spotted quickly due to the cover system not allowing you to snap around corners, and then eliminated ten guards on the first floor, making loads and loads of noise in the process, there were even gunshots, and still I did not fail the mission or get penalized. I mean, the guards on the floor above which I could see with eagle vision were not even alerted. AT ALL.Once I finished the mission, I exited the game and have not played it since. There was no point to. The only fun and somehwat enjoyable part of the game for me, going around the city clubbing random enemies over the head with my sharpshooters musket, got boring fairly quickly. And that mansion mission was the last straw. There needs to be a Lemon Law for games, because ACU is just blatantly broken and unfinished. It is to the point that it is unplayable. 