Unfinished and lacking innovation. I very much enjoyed Black Flag, my first and only AC so far. I brought Unity because I liked the predecessor and the new setting was interesting and the looks were impressive. In particular the large crowds. They really make the city feel alive. The level of detail of houses, their interiors, the streets is an eye catcher. Perfect to just walk about and enjoy the scenery.However, I have had many graphic glitches. For instance characters completely in lowres textures standing right next to me. Lowres textures on objects here and there. Flickering inside buildings, like white dots on edges. Colored, glowing squares randomly appearing on the character in my character menu this started after the second patch. And all this with a GTX 970 on ultra high settings.I also experience game freezes every once in a while. I have no idea what causes them. After a few seconds, the game continues as normal. Very annoying.I lost several hours of game play because it was not saved properly. The very same problem I once had in Black Flag. Apparently, it was not addressed in this game either. Lost game play is an absolute nogo. I suspect it has something to do with Uplay. Why I even have to have another additional software aside from Steam is beyond me. Its extremely annoying I have to run two different softwares to start a third software.Regarding the lack of innovation. It was advertized that due to the lack of a ship like in Black Flag, the character itself would now be the focus and could be upgraded. This is true to a certain degree. The available upgrades consist almost entirely of abilities which the character of Black Flag had from the very beginning of the game. In Unity, however, I have to unlock them with points I receive from the main quest. For instance, in Black Flag I could blend in by sitting down on a bench next to an NPC. The very same ability in Unity has to be unlocked first. Throwing money on the ground to cause a distraction in Black Flag a free ability, in Unity I have to unlock it. Plus, one has to buy money pouches to throw them away. Doesnt make any sense to me.In short, they did not add a substitute for the missing naval action and abilities. Instead they just cut the whole thing and simply made already existing abilites unlockable. Thats no innovation at all its two steps backwards.Then there are the controls. I took me a while to get used to the Black Flag controls, but then it was fun and I could get everywhere very fast and easy. The controls changed and are now more complicated but without benefit. When Im in Free Run and want to get over a table, for example, I have to hold B in addition to the left stick and RT. In Black Flag I dont have to push any additional button to get over or under obstacles it was cool and smooth movement. To just run on roofs and jump from house to house is less enjoyable and less easy now. I often get stuck somewhere. Stop right infront of a wall instead of climbing it, stay on the edge of a roof instead of jumping to the next, or jumping from a view point to my death instead of doing one step forward to the sync point. The controls are certainly not as smooth as in the last game.The fighting system has changed too. Enemies are greater threats now when they have higher level and come in larger numbers. This is a good thing in my opinion. Unfortunately, the controls come into play here. On several occasions I was fighting and had to parry an attack. An indicator shows when best to do that. I hit B when the indicator was showing and nothing happened. Several other times the same thing occurred. Hitting B repeatedly doesnt help. My input was simply ignored. As a result I died several times, even though I would not have if not for the controls. It makes fights much less enjoyable and I dont have the feeling of being this highly trained, deadly assassin.The story is ok from what I can tell so far. I hope there will be a few positive surprises waiting for me further down the story line and I definitely hope there is not so much of this Abstergo stuff. At least this is better than in Black Flag. There it was a hassle every time when I was pulled out of the Carribean and put into a dull company setting with sluggish controls.Perhaps Ill get used to the changes at some point, even though I will still miss my ship. I wont be buying the next AC so fast and I dont recommend Unity at this point. The game came out 4 days ago, there are already 2 patches out and there are still many bugs and glitches. Not worth it.