When I was younger, we judged games based off of their state upon release because we didnt have the capability of downloading bug fixes and patches at the time. If this were released then, Ubisoft would be called out just as they should be now. Their heads deserve to be placed on the chopping block pun intended.Glitches I beat the game on the first day, and I honestly have no idea how. Im running on a Nvidia GTX Titan Z with 4.3 GHz processing power, and it still had FPS issues for me. Multiplayer is not existant, I fell through the ground numerous times, crucial NPCs in froze and I had to restart entire missions because I could not interact with them, I was shot through roofs and once up to through THREE buildings, thrown off buildings across half the map for trying to jump from building to building, died randomly despite me not being in combat or wanted, seen through walls or through buildings, and more.The Story From the beginning, I knew what was going to happen and who was a friend/foe. It was very predictable in many ways, and presents nothing more than a cliche revenge tale. Elise was frustrating for her ignorance in her relationship with Arno, and seemed very forced when the climax to their love story unfolded. There wasnt really any need for us to grow connected to the charachters presented in Unitys main story missions. I did enjoy Arno because, despite his lack of intrigue, he was definitely one of the more charming of the assassins presented to us in the series. Its a shame that he wasnt more fleshed out. For instance, his learning of the Assassins and his becoming one himself was almost as silly as AC4  you meet a man, and boom! Welcome! Its just silly. Its definitely one of the weakest in the franchise for its glossed over storyline, and has a lot of plotholes that were never really adressed. Every sequence consists of two or three missions  usually consisting of you running to certain locations for a quick and meaningless assassination. Its a very short story.The Time Travel Missions I felt that these were really out of place, and unneeded. I know that many wanted an appearance from Lady Liberty and the Eiffel Tower, but these three sequences were just unusual and seemed more fit for DLC content. The segment where Arno is transported to WWII Paris and must climb the Eiffel Tower is probably the most out of place and rushed section of all of these. In every time travel mission, you interact with numerous NPCs who appear as sillhouetts similar to those one finds in AC2 and beyond. They are there to show a glimpse of what was, but you do not have any ability to interact with them because youd be changing events in history. I get that! Whats a major problem as far as continuity goes is what happens on the Eiffel Tower  you shoot planes in a turret section that are firing right back at you. So, are the piolots and planes time travellers as well, or do they see Arno climbing? But what about the other NPCs who dont appear to acknowledge Arno at all? Are the pilots just shooting at the tower as target practice, and our protagonist is merely in the wrong place at the wrong time? Another segment finds you running through fields avoiding falling rocks from explosions. Each mission can be completed in about a minute.Other Cons I feel like, as a way to stay innovative, Ubisoft forced changes in areas that previously shined. While I can agree that the counter to win strategy of years past was a bit too easy, the new Parry System is quite unfair. You hit parry as a meter above an enemy flashes to yellow. The problems arise when fighting any more than one enemy at a time because when a characte is offscreen, no indicator is given to alert players to an impending strike. With how agressive and over powered new enemies are, not being able to protect yourself is really frustrating and will probably kill you within two or three hits even with upgraded armor. Every guard also carries a rifle or pistol as well, so escape is virtually impossible to achieve with full health. Every single time I was about to make a turn, they would strike then. It felt really cheap to run down the legth of an entire street only to dart right or left through a window and get instantly killed by a lone gunshot. I managed to upgrade my health to the point where it took two shots to take me down, but its still very frustrating. When you get killed after an assassination, you must rewatch the entie cutscene again  VERY annoying not being able to skip them like any other cutscene in the game. The jumps that Arno makes are beyond humanly possible, as well. I understand that Ubisoft wishes to release a game with fluid movements that get a character around fairly quickly, but Arno shouldnt be able to jump across entire streets from a mere standing position. When shot while climbing a building, you cannot grab back on. More often than not, it wasnt the shot that killed me  it was the fall.Pros The new downward parkour mechanics are fun, though a little odd at points. It takes some real work to understand how to work it and not get stuck on some random area of a building. Its fast, fluid, and entertaining at points watching him climb down Paris largest churches and cathedrals. The entire city is absolutely stunning, cutscenes fairly fluid exluding the future portions where FPS tanked, and animaions are all pretty smooth for the most part. Ubisoft truly shines in terms of graphics with Asassins Creed Unity. And as I said before  Arno is pretty charming. Hes not overbearing, and not too sexual in nature. Its entertaining watching his story unfold.Overall, the game at launch was what I played through. I can not recommend the game by any means in its current stage. Its a true shame, Ubisoft, that you have yet to learn of mistakes from past games most recently WatchDogs. It feels like I had a big middle finger shoved in my face, and am told to suck it up and wait to give them more money upon next years release. What have we come to when we have to expect broken games upon purchase? Ubisoft deserves every semblance of flack for what they put forward in this state. 