Aside ALL the crashing and lagging and skinless faces and ghosting issues that hopefully will be fixed in the NEAR future... its a blah game... scratch that is a disappointing game...On the plus side, its beautiful, the cinematics OMG best of the best... if this was a movie ill give it 5 stars... however I like to play my games, not just zoneout for and hour doing mindless tasks and watch pretty videos... oh and you can use you xbox controller... thats about itNo steam achievements The combat is nerfed just smash the button and kill. you want special moves? cool you have one parry when the flash lights flash press the A button and counter.. oh yeah... and you can do a berrel roll... thats it you get a fancy move strong attack later on the game, but no combos, no almost no variation to the automatic finishing moves or the striking just mash awayThe stealth is nerfed skyrim style in 4 FUN levels1I just saw a dude in a suspicious looking white hood hanging from the window of the dude im supposed to guard.... naaa probably nothing2Okey now I definitively saw a dude in a suspicious looking white hood duck behind that box a meter from me, better check it out without backup3blaaaaa  Okey now I definitively saw an assassin in a white hood duck behind that box a meter from me, better stand closer and tell him what a little  he is... without backup4 alert alert is here the guy they been telling us is here all available guards IN THIS ROOM or standing right next to me ATTACK!!!!!!... one at a time please you can use your very loud pistol and wont change a thing, the guys downstairs or outside wont even noticeAnd finally the climbing.... oh god the free ruining is ridiculous spiderman will be jealous of this guy, is a freaking joke I tell you, climb a 6 meters bare white wall... no problem, leap from building to bulding just keep runing forward... that 90 angle roof is too steep... not for me!Im yet to fall to my death.... wanna climb the tallest building in the game, no worries grab a rubber band and wrap it around your controller and go get a drink at the k.... oh nevermind we are up there ...Im 30 done with the game im I was specking more of this game not less, Im an  here, so I remember the days of assassins creed 1 2 and 3 when you needed to actually train to be able to jump during climbing, you needed a special blade to have more climbing reach, you actually had to press a button to jump, yes it was slower but it was much more meaningful, you knew that if you messed up on the distance or the anchor point, you will be falling, maybe not to your death, but centanly will hurt you needed to actually see where you were going, you got vertigo standing near an edge...I miss my old assassins creed I could go on  and on on the open word and how you can buy 3 bulding for the price of a shirt or a fancy sword cost as much as renovating a 3 story bulding cafe... but ill let it slide... 