Assassins Creed Unity was easily one of the most ambitious entries in the series. The CoOp missions and Singleplayer missions all across France were very plentiful. In my 20 hours of playing I never felt like there was nothing to do. I pushed through the story mode of course, as this was one of the few games in the franchise that I havent previously finished.The performance was surprisingly OK.Upon the games release it was recieved very poorly due to its bugginess and low performance rate. Ubisoft came out with a HUGE patch later that fixed most of the bugs but it was ultimately still a mess. People that had hardware unable to play the game were met with a horrible experience that rendered the game unplayable and utterlyNot to mention the fact that the voice actors were english.Fortunately, I was able to upgrade my PC recently, so here is my experience with the game.If I had to be honest with my experience, past the frustrating experiences of failing stealth attempts and occaisional parkour bug, this game was pretty great. I never experienced a single crash throughout my gameplay. One thing that did irk the experience was how when you are spotted by one enemy, a bunch of enemies around would instantly be alerted even if they were in different rooms. I had a bug where Arno would be stuck in a running animation on a certain type of roofs edge, which was easily fixed by simply not moving. The only multiplayer issues I experienced was a very poor connection although I believe the player I was with was in Germany and I am in California so that would make sense. As well as a softlock where the objective hadnt been completed in a mission that we had definitely completed.Other than these 2 or 3 problems the game was pretty good. Arno was a good character though I feel at one point in the game where heThat part felt like a loophole? That was the only problem I really had with the story. Elise is a good character and the whole plot is pretty solid. I am also a big fan of how all the games tied together, with 43RogueUnity.Basically Im not sure how you would even be able to tell but, if you can run this game and you are already a fan of the AC series, I definitely recommend picking this one up.8/10 