Before you see my rating and go, Ermeh Gerdness, Merst Therms Down Rerview Becerse its not nergative! Just hear me out on what I have to say.The game is, undeniably, plagued with performance issues. Issues reported have prevented people from launching the game, progressing the story, finishing missions, or even running a decent framerate, etc. The list goes on. For this alone, I am deeply dissapointed with Ubisoft, as these issues actively try to ruin what is otherwise a very fun game.Assassins Creed Unity is the 7th Or 8th, Or 9th, Or, screw it no one counts these things anymore game in the yearly franchise. Unity follows the adventures of Arno Dorian amidst a French Revolution setting in a faithfully recreated and very beautiful Paris. If Ezio is the Italian Batman, then Arno is the French Batman. However, I wouldnt say hes like Ezio as much as he reminded me of Edward from the previous games. Hes cunning, deceitful, selfcentered, and witty. Hes a great character overall.The story is alright. The game starts off with possibly the greatest first act in the series that eventually leads Arno into becoming an Assassin. However, after you have dawned the Assassin robes, the story begins going downhill. Its a mesh of random events and action sequences that the writers at Ubisoft probably thought up, but had no way to connect them together in a very interesting way. As a result, the story comes off as unimpressive, and sadly, its greatest weakness is the Assassin vs. Templar feud that is in every game of the series now. If I were Ubisoft, Id take a page out of Black Flags book and go for something completely irrelevant.Aside from the story, the gameplay is very fun. Parkour is faster and funer? than ever, as youll be ascending up buildings with speed and, courtesy of a new feature, descending from them easily without having to jump 5 stories and hope youll survive. However, its still difficult to navigate you still act like spiderman though its the best its ever been.The game puts a much larger emphasis on stealth than in previous games, however, coverbinding can be problametic and theres a lot of how did you see me? moments. Though its still a victory for the series to have the first ever crouch button and an assortment of abilties that make stealth fun and challenging at the same time. Combat is no longer a counterkill fest, thank god. Taking on multiple enemies is quite challenging, but satisfying when done correctly. Its very fun to engage in large fights and test the limits.As far as OpenWorld content goes, Paris is littered with activities to do. You have Murder Mystery invstigations, Club Assassinations, Notradamus Puzzles, Paris Stories, lots of loot chests, cockades, etc. However, sorta like Watch Dogs, the game suffers from having almost too much to do. Its very overwhelming.One of my favorite new features to be added to the series is the ability to customize your Assassin. Theres lots of different hoods, robes, and other gear pieces spread throughout the game to fully optimize the look you want. Better yet, the gear pieces you earn improve various stats, such as Health, Melee, or Stealth.So how about coop? Ive done a few games with my friends so far and have had a lot of fun. Sure, killing guards is a button mash fest, but for heist missions, you have to be stealthy to reap the most rewards, which is not just a challenge for your ability to stealth, but your ability to coordinate with your team. Theres several coop missions spread throughout the game so theres plenty of content for you and your friends to enjoy. Not only this, but you can freeroam the open world at anytime just to goof off.Overall, Unity is a very good game with several minor flaws. The game in its current state is not very playable for most, so I highly recommend you wait for Ubisoft to release a patch which they have been hard at work on apparently. I feel like Unity has restored a lot of the core components of the series, but has not done so in the best way possible. Hopefully the next game which I SERIOUSLY hope Ubisoft plans to release in a finished state is the one to do that.78/100 