Running on Amd 8320, Gtx 970, 16GB of ram.  The game has bugs, but none i encountered were game breakings.  The npc would sometimes be floating and did some weird stuff during cut scenes.  The combat was hit and miss and felt sluggish, as if there was a delay between when I pressed the button and when the game responded to my button press.The game looks georgeous and the number of people on screen at any given time is incredible.The story is bit on the boring side with a fairly simple revenge plot.  It would have been nice to see the characters from Assassins creed rogue make an appearence.The gameplay is fairly typical of an assassins creed game.  I really appreciated some of the added mechanics for traversal such as holding a to climb and holding b to indicate that i wanted to drop. Entering windows was sometimes a difficult task with my character jumping everywhere but in to the open windowThe game indicates that you can press LT to enter a window, which only occassionaly behaved as i expected to.  The combat in this game is brutal, you cannot engage a large number of enemies and live through the encounter most of the time.  This is actually a welcome change which forces you to sneak around a bit more and make more well thought out decisions which brings me to another change, the game has finally added a sneak buttonllow profile.  That was really a long time coming.  If you do get into a bad situation, a smoke bomb is uaully all you will need to recover.One huge addition to the game is the abllity to buy individual armor pieces head, chest, arms, legs, and belt.  I really liked this addition since it allowed me to customize my assassin to my liking. I dont like the default assassins outfit in this game, but there are several choices that i did like.The game did feel a bit tedious at times, requiring me to run around for extended periods of time and repeat sections that a failed.  Buying the best armor will take a long time because of how long it takes to aquire money. There is a lot to do, but i wasnt really interested in a lot of it like the murder mysteries and tracking down the weird symbols hidden around the city.Lastly, the multiplayer is kind of a neat addition but difficult to get into since there are so few people playing at this time.Overall, This feels like a natural evolution for assassins creed and I recommend it to fans and probably new comers as well.