Is it worth 60? Not in its current state, no. Id recommend picking it up on a sale, which is exactly what I did. Was it worth 40? Id say yes.Before purchasing I contacted a few people and the consensus was that it is indeed more stable than it was on release, two months ago.Admittedly Ubisoft has garnered some good will from me. There have been a few misses. AC Liberation wasnt good. Watch Dogs was underwhelming, and AC3 was a bit of a difficulty spike for the franchise.Consider the game right before Unity. Black Flag was absolutely wonderful and I recommend it to everyone Seriously, go play it if you havent already. Show Ubisoft that we can reward their quality work.There is the framerate issue which I do find annoying on ocassion. Id be fine for a while but then all of the sudden the game will stutter and suddenly Im looking straight into the sky, or completely turned around. During chases, this issue has caused me to start running back into groups of guards I was fleeing from.But the game seems to be judged primarily on the amount of glitches it has. Yes, it was a very messy release. Yes, it did prove that people need to stop preordering.However. Is the game fun? Yes, yes it is.I have 22 hours on it so far, so allow me to set aside the PR misshaps and various glitches and let me tell you about the game itselfYou play as a faceless, nameless gamer. The Assassin order hacks your feed and recruits you into the Brotherhood. Im not fond of this framing device honestly, because I myself am not really one capable of saving the world. And how we can save the world while playing a game is beyond me, but whatever.They place you in the memories of Arno whom is essentially Ezio 2.0, which some of you may recall kind of outstayed his welcome when stretched across three games. Arno seems to quickly become a loyal Assassin which is a bit uninteresting when compared to the more colorful Kenway to the last game.But the game is fairly solid. The combat is a little more balanced this time around. Counterattacking no longer oneshots enemies but opens them up for a flurry of your own attacks. No longer are we legionclearing badasses. If you let them, enemies will swarm and murder your Arno regardless of gear. Bullets, also more realistically, will kill you in two hits. If you dont pay attention to your surroundings, the game will punish you for it.And that is awesome.Gear has taken a more RPGlike vibe. In previous games, gear only served to add to your health. This time, there are various statistics like detection speed, health, and bonus ammunition pools for your gun and bombs. Each peace has a focus between health bonuses, stealth and ranged and youre free to choose which line you focus on. I personally go for stealth stuff.Its interesting but Im not sure if its a better system. It all ties back to the fact that enemies will continue to hurt if you let them, as we cant really oneshot people in open combat any longer. That said, once you get a 5star sword you can mow through enemies  As long as you pay attention!Multiplayer. It has various levels of function. Most of the time Ive tried it, nobody has a mic. The one time I connected with someone, we actually had to connect through steam and I replied to his speech via Uplay I dont have a mic. This was very clunky because Uplay wouldnt let me make a call without some kind of input device. Or something. I dont know.The rest of the time, each multiplayer match turns into this madhouse of combat. Without coordination, without any way to talk to these people ingame via text, stealth is thrown out the window. Within seconds of being given control of our characters, inevitably I see my screen blink red and combat has begun with my teammates.So the promotional videos of all those coordinated attacks? Doesnt happen.Good idea in theory but I dont believe its working as intended.Am I forgetting something? Oh yes. The microtransaction function.22 hours and Ive barely looked at it twice. Complain all you want but its actually very, very easy to ignore. I still dont even know how to get more Helix points if I wanted to.Ultimately, nothing so far has been completely game breaking, which is an improvement from release.Allow me to sum up with some added notesPROSCombat is given some more complexity. No longer a powerhouse by Act 2 of the game. Cant oneshot counter. Enemies seem to be aware of this and will take advantage. Forces a player to pay attention And I love this.Gear is varied and fun to mix, match, and experiment with.Multiplayer is doable, but with some problems.Boss fights are more interesting than punching a fat man to death.CONSGlitches still present, just depends on your level of patience.Framerate drops is an issue for absolutely everyone and probably isnt our computers. Its probably on Ubis end.Map is a bit of a spam of icons.Multiplayer is doable, but lack of coordination turns every single mission into pure combat and nothing else.MIXEDBlue chests can only be opened with some cell phone App. I do not have this capability.Microtransactions are easily ignored.Arno is fairly forgettable as a protagonist. There are side characters I care more about than him. Elise, for example.Areas have difficulty gates. Normally in this series And other games, Id prioritize exploring and nabbing all those towers to open up my map. This got me killed a few times as a fledgling assassin when 5star enemies started to oneshot me with their spears. Im not sure how I feel about this, other than Mixed, thus this section.Worth 60? Nah. Worth a sale? Sure!Beyond the messy launch and bad business practices from Ubisoft, this isnt that bad an installment to this franchise. It just depends on your threshold of patience and how easy you can ignore a few of the problems.