I had an earlier positive review but I believe I reviewed it too soon. After beating Unity, Ive decided its one of the worst games Ive ever played.Is it the glitches? No actually. This is one of the least glitchy Assassins Creed games Ive played, but problems come from the fact that the game is just so very badly made from the core. Somehow Ubisoft managed to make one of the most frustrating and enraging games that Ive played in my life.For some reason it feels like Unitys sole purpose is to annoy you. Think youre doing well in combat? Get shot. Running away after a successful assassination? Get shot 6 times. Realize you have no smoke bombs? Get shot. Want to move out of the way of the guards? The controls dont let you  you waddle back and forth in the same spot, then attacked. Want to use the cover system? Use it, get seen anyway, realize you cant get out of cover, get shot. Want to take out a guard on the ledge? Climb on the ledge, take 10 seconds to kill him, get seen by all guards, get shot. Attack guards head on? Except you cant because youre sheathing your weapon for some unholy reason. Get stabbed then shot then plowed by an axe.The enemies have laser focus vision and laser aiming that never misses except when you roll for some reason. They reload instantaneously, you cant use enemies as cover when getting shot, and counter all you want but in the time it takes you to start attacking the enemy you just countered is exactly the amount of time the game needs to attack you with another enemy. Sometimes you counter but your character does absolutely nothing in response, he just stands there and takes damage. Get level 5, full health upgrades, and still die in 56 hits. I just dont understand.But then theres other problems The collectibles swamp the map making it a Wheres Waldo to find where youre supposed to go next generally you want to fast travel so you arent walking for 600 meters right? also for some reason when I would filter it to missions the main mission wouldnt show. Items are overpriced, and even with owning every Cafe I still cant make a substantial amount of money without what feels like MMO level of grinding. Without a substantial amount of money youll be stuck with garbage armor and weapons. The weapons/armor price jumps are like this 25,000F for second or third best items, 200,000F for best. You have to spend 200,000F on your sword, hat, gloves, boots, pants, and torso. Consumables cost too much and if you think you can just search guards to get consumables like you can in other games, think again! Its as if Unity deliberately goes out of its way to avoid giving you items you want or need.I forgot what that armcrossbow that you get is called but the entire tutorial for that weapon revolved around it being a silent weapon you can use to kill people, well, silently. Strangely, whenver I used it, every guards vision in the vicinity immediately turned straight toward me even if I had only a split hair sticking out from behind three walls. It isnt very silent and because of that went largely unused for me.And the worst part about all of this? The story is good, and I really liked it. I just hate that this is a game I will never play again, and cant believe Ubisoft managed to make one that was this unbelieveably frustrating to me. Ive never been annoyed with an Assassins Creed game before, in act Ive never been this annoyed with any game before. How did Unity do it? I guess it just isnt the game for me.Then theres the price. I dont know why its still 40 on Steam when you can find it for less than 20 on the PS4/Xbox one. If you absolutely must then get this game on sale, but otherwise you wont miss a lot of the grand story by skipping this one, and you may just save your anger. 