After AC3 and AC4, I told myself I was done with the Assassins Creed series. I did not like the direction the games were going after Brotherhood/Revelations. I liked 3 for the historical setting but it felt that there were just too little too do that mattered. With 4, it felt that there was too much to do. As a former Assassins Creed completionist, 4 made me feel sad. There was just too many collectibles and side stuff not to mention the rate the memory thing it had going on. The wide open ocean piratey stuff was fun, but Assassins Creed has always been about a dense historical city to me.The French Revolution has always been a favorite historical event for me and I have been hoping that it would be the setting for an Assassins Creed game eventually. So, while I swore off the series, I just had to play this game for the setting alone.This game is a return to form for the series. Its back to the densely populated city instead of a wide open wilderness/ocean. Assassins Creed 2 Brotherhood is the best of the series, but I think this is a close second best.They streamlined the game to make it less annoying, and I like that. Combat is better in this game at least and it finally validated heavy and long weapons.  The wall running is more magnetic than usual, but they are trying to make the game a little more fun so its a pass for me.There is a ton of things to do in this game, and thankfully, no crafting. You can finally run around indoors for real this time. And some sidequests can take on a Hitman like feel to them theres a dude walking around  kill him without anyone knowing. They removed everything I disliked about 3 and 4 and streamlined the rest to make a real solid Assassins Creed game. I only wish they brought back the Assassin posse you had in AC2, that was one of my favorite parts of the game.No review of this game can be written without mentioning the bugs and jank. I played this game for the first time in 2016 and most of the bugs were fixed. I had a mission where I had to keep restarting a check point due to the NPC scripting but these occurrences were not that common. I am not super fps sensitive but I did notice that the game dropped a few frames here and there.Recommended.