For the moment, I cant recommend this game. If future patches fix the existing bugs and optimize the games performance, it may well be a game worth playing. I certainly hope so, because I have long been a fan of the seriees. However, I would currently go so far as to claim that the product I recieved is not the product that I was told that I was purchasing.My PC is no powerhouse. Its not as though I was expecting to play this on ultra. But my computer either exceeds, meets or falls very slightly short of the recommended system requirements. For the record CPU Intel i74770  3.4ghz Better than. RAM 8Gsame as Video Card GTX 760 slightly below. All well above the minimum system requirements. I didnt expect mindblowing, but I did expect smooth and playable.In order to achieve an acceptable framerate and by acceptable I mean not having half second pauses every three or four seconds I have to set the graphics settings to the lowest possible, across the board. Even then, I experience texture pop ins at remarkably close range, inexplicable framerate drops and stuttering especially in cutscenes, oddly.At lowest settings the game is playable, on a machine which meets the recommended system requirements. To me, meeting the recommended requirements ought to mean that I have a computer which is capable of delivering, more or less, the experience that the developers intended. If my experience is that which was intended then... AC Unity is not a game you want to play. And if I, running at a system fairly close to the recommended system, am experiencing these kinds of problems at low!, I can only imagine the experience of those who purchased it for play on systems which only meet the minimum system requirementsBottom Line There are people playing on machines far, far superior to mine reporting substantial graphical issues. And I, with a decent PC, can only run this game well on the lowest settings. As a fan of the AC series... Dont buy it. And possibly send an angry letter to Ubisoft.