I have been a huge fan of the series since the first game that premiered in November of 2007. This game was a huge let down to me. Ubisoft totally dropped the ball on this one. You should probably know by now that this game has major performance issues and microtransactions. But my major problem with this game is its gameplay. Considering the fact that it was developed over the span of four years with the collaboration of countless Ubisoft studios, this is just unacceptable.Here are my problems with the game1. The fact that there is basically no longer a weapon wheel. The new weapon wheel no longer give players the option to equip a hidden blade or your fists as a weapon. Why ubisoft? Why limit the amount of weapons the Assassin can equip? Also why limit the duration of eagle vision?2. The story. The story is basically just spoiler alert Arno and Elise taking revenge on a Templar whose name is Germain. That is it. No more no less. You dont know the characters enough to get attached them. There is zero character development, like how spoiler alert Arnos dad is murdered in the beginnig of the story but Arno never questions why, and Ubisoft decides instead to just keep making missions about him retrieving his watch.The story feels incomplete and boring and dull in comparison to Ezios story in Assassins Creed 2 or any assassin in the series.3. The story takes place during the french revolution yet I dont feel like I was really in the French Revolution while playing it. There are tons of NPCs with waving French flags yelling Long live the revolution but I felt more annoyed with them than anything. They make the streets of Paris nearly impossible to traverse through. There are crowd events that you can participate in to make you interact with the NPCs but they are tedious and very repetitive. From my interactions with crowd events within the game, a majority of them are just kill these criminals or tackle the thief. Very dissapointing.4. Not only was the story very boring, I felt like there wasnt enough of a focus on the story mode. With the introduction of Coop missions, Paris stories, Murder stories, etc, they shifted the focus of the story to all these other modes. To me, Assassins Creed has always been about the story. Its what makes the games interesting. In this game however, with all these modes, every game mode just feels incomplete.5. The new combat system. I guess Ubisoft hasnt heard the phrase If it isnt broke, dont fix it. Why change the counterattack combat system that Assassins Creed has had since the first game? Fans love it, why change it?6. Time Anomaly, though it is a very pretty sight to see Paris in its different time periods, this addition to the game felt incomplete as well.7. There is zero modern day story progression in this game. How does Arno play into the modern day story?  Who is Bishop? Why does she matter? The only thing weve learned in this game is the triple helix.In conclusion, Assassins Creed Unity tried to renew its series and accomplish everything within one game but they instead failed miserably and fall short of a fresh start.