THIS IS AN EARLY REVIEW AND I WILL UPDATE IT ONCE I HAVE COMPLETED THE GAMEWriting this review only having a few hours of gameplay but mainly focused on performence/bug/glitches that everyone seem to talk aboutprosLook terribly good if you have the required system or better dont even bother trying to run it on a toaster OF COURSE you will experience fps drop and meeh graphics...I run it on a 970gtx strix at max settings or almost..could max it out but I dont feel like pushing my card too hard for AC so I keep AA and shadows to the 3/4 everything else is maxed out and run smooth as hell without any fps drop at all so if you have a good gpu, good pcu and  8gb of ram or more DO NOT take what most peoples say about performence issues too seriously they probably run it on a toaster OR posted a review in the first few months BEFORE the patchesCombat system feel a bit better than previous AC games but is still quite basic and easynew parkour stuff is great Way more custom options for your outfits and weapons which is about time to be honeststory is nice and catchy if you finished AC rogue and AC 3 as they are all very close together in the timeline It is a bit cliche predictable and linear if you rush it still the same templar hunt than the previous AC... ok AC rogue was an assassins hunt but it exactly the same..ConsEven if I said that performence wise peoples are pretty much crying for no reasons on the glitches side it is true that the game is still kinda glitchy/a bit buggy and would have been better with more testing and fixing BEFORE THE RELEASE Guard ai is quite bad when you sneak around... I mean how can you not detect someone that walk inches behind you only because they Stealth walk... Unless they are all deaf and semi blind or something this is something ubi need to work on before the next release because it is simply waaaay to easy for a game where you spend most of your time sneaking aroundOptimisation. As I said before the game does look well and run smooth but after a few tests I noticed that my gpu usage is about the same at medium high and ultra settings O.o never seen it on another game of the same level and I can imagine that it most be hell for peoples who dosent own a recent rig so I hope they keep releasing patches to help this problemThe amount of DLC that is shoved in your faces.. This  isnt a ftp game ubi... stop being so EA for god sake your customers dont have to pay over 100 for a complet experience this ISNT right... Every dlc they have made should be free considering the state of the game when it was released  the bad optimisation that is still semi presentThat about it... If you want it buy it while it on sale or wait for a price reduction... It is a good game and maybe one of the best AC yet but could have been a master piece if Ubi wasent rushing everything to  make more and more money... I give it an early 7.5/10 could have been 9 if only they would have took more time to release it 