This game is what happens when Ubisoft listens to its fans.Wait, wait. Hear me out.For years, fans of the AC series have asked for certain things dedicated stealth buttons, more stealth gameplay, better variation in mission types, extra things to do, collectibles, achievements, better combat... and AC Unity represents an attempt to give fans what they want.Theres a reason fans arent game designers, however. Ask a kid what he wants for dinner every night, and youre liable to get ice cream as a response. But you know, as I do, that ice cream is not an acceptable dinner food.AC Unity, representing a crowdsourced AC game, is ice cream for dinner. Its things you think you want, things that in moderation may be great, but when thrown together, end up just being bad for you.Which is not to say that the game is bad, per se. The game is mediocre. Arno is a mediocre protagonist, akin to Connor or Altair. He lacks Ezios roguish charm or Edwards roguish roguery. He doesnt have the personality of Shay or Aveline. In that regard, hes much more of a blank slate, easy to step into the shoes of, but ultimately, a little flat.The game also features very little bleedin from the modern day story line, again something fans have been clamoring for, and again, something that doesnt feel right for the series. The series more annoying moments tail missions, instant fail missions, anything with Desmond, etc. served to highlight its truly bright points. The series has never been a stealth game series. Its historical tourism with a side of stabbing simulator. Its a third person action game with wonky, yet familiar, controls. AC Unity tries to change that, and in what ends up feeling the most like a video game, also feels like a shift away from what made the series popular, even if it wasnt always the toast of aficionados on gaming forums.What good can be said about the game? Its beautiful. Obviously, Ubisoft put a lot of work into the new engine, but the edges are rough. This is a craftspersons first try with new tools, and it shows. However, its plain enough to see that as the engine matures and the technical bugs get ironed out, it will produce some simply stunning graphics and gameplay.The game also has some innovative features the murder mysteries, for example, are great. Weve been master assassins and soldiers long enough. Lets have a Great Detective Assassin character, a rollicking mix of Holmes and Batman. The gear customization is also a nice change.But what are we missing? Series mainstays like Assassin Tombs, variation in mission types a problem with ACIII and ACU, it seems. Rewarding combat ACU penalizes you for getting into combat. I suppose this is supposed to make you play more stealthily, but see above stealth is not a strong suit of a game with janky controls and odd rules about line of sight. A wellwritten premise. I feel like we were cheated out of our Pere Dumasinspired storyline for some crap about a murder we dont get to care about because we hardly know any of the characters. Even the starcrossed Templar/Assassin lovers storyline is downplayed for, what, the 30th time weve seen a bildungsroman about a young protagonist who totally doesnt want to follow Mom and Dads creed, yo, only to realize by the end of the game that the Creed is worthwhile and the evil Templars must be stopped? It was cool when Ezio did it. It wore thin with Connor. Matt Ryans performance as Edward saved that storyline, and now again weve got flatvoiced Arno learning that the world is a bigger place than he thought when he was young? Yawn. Yawn yawn yawn.I think Ubisofts heart was in the right place, but the execution fell flat. If ACU is nothing more than a game hastily constructed around a tech demo for the nextgen AC engine, then it makes sense. If they meant this to be a full game, its a sour note in the AC symphony. Still, theres enough good elements here to work with that I think the series still has a bright future. 