THIS IS A LONG AND FULL REVIEW OF GAMEPLAY, prepare to do a lot of reading but is worth the read for a good critque, in my opinion.For some reason Steam thinks the word CLITCHE is the word that rhymes with rich and describes a woman you hate, so if you see a sensored word in the area titled story, thats whyFor the record even with the new patches that have come out I still have crashes on my PCi74810MQ Quad 2.8 GHz, 840GT NVIDEA Card, 8GB RAM, uptodate graphics software, Win 7. etc...BUT I found a solution, If I cahnge my Laptops resolution I use a gaming laptop, Ill get hate for that to 1360x780 I get ZERO crashing and with patches glitches happen 98 percent less. I can change my Latops resolution and after that I set the games resolution Lower. That way it is still Fullscreen BUT my computer can handle it MUCH much much better. So for anyone who cant play much because of crashes, that is one option. Graphics are amazing so it will still look fantastic.ANYWAY, game critquePAY TO PLAYThis game does have some online payment feature that can get you upgrades instead of having to play the story all the way through to get them. Where some people raise ALL KINDS of hell for this I clap my hands to Ubisoft. They have a perfect balance of the Pay to Play features you can beat the game without buying anything with real money like I did.I played out the entire story, it was tough and missions needed TONS of thought put into them but to me that added a sense of difficulty and a challenge that I like.COMBATThis games combat forces you to have some real skill and also makes you have to refocus how you play the game. I, personally, have always wanted to be more of a stealthy Assassin and avoid direct combat makes the game more strategic and in my opinion more engaging. Unfortunately, in previous games I was being stealthy for no real reason except to get MAXED OUT syncronization.In Unity my strategy is almost a necessity because of how tough it is to fight your way through enemies. Enemies have skill and are more broad in terms of categories while also being slightly harder to differentiate making them harder to discriminate in combat on how you fight them. Unity got rid of instant kill counters making the game more realistic in the sense that combat isnt that simple. If you get two experienced fighters or two nonexperienced fighters and make them go all out none of them when fighting their equal will be able to use magic counters to defeat oneanother.You can still use counters and moves to knock down oppenents to execute them BUT that requires some grinding kinda in order to learn those skills which, as a player, makes you feel like youre actually gaining knowledge as you continue through the game  at least I felt that way.STRATEGYThis game is the only AC game that actually makes you have to THINK about what you have to do to kill your target. Depending on your style of playing you have ways to tank through soldiers, avoid soldiers and go straight to your target, distract soldiers and maybe your target using allies or sidequest aid, etc.There isnt one way to get your target anymore and with buildings being areas you can freely go in and out of there is more pressure to avoid detection. The reason is that enemies from outside buildings can actually run in after you so there isnt a magic barrier anymore from the outside and the inside.There are multiple ways to stealtfully attack your target and escape from your target. There isnt one door to a building at least not always there are underground routes, direct routes the front door, side routes windows and stuff. You have variety which can be essential to how you play.STEALTHHaystacks arent everywhere....which is normal in actual cities even in older cities of past eras. Without abundunt haystacks you cant just spam hiding corpses which plays into combat somewhat so if you kill someone even with a silent assassination you run the risk of them, the corpses, being found and you being discovered. If you are discovered you cant just hide anywhere you like so you are more pressured to avoid detection at all costs meaning that you cant just kill every guard you see anymore, making the game much more difficult.The crouch system is finally here but has flaws. It doesnt let you hide anywhere, just at certain covers areas, sometimes, I have not always been able to take cover when I want, sadly, so it needs to be fixed up a bit.There isnt a spammed amount of cover anywhere and enemies can also look up if you climb a wall, so not being detected is something you should always aim for.You also have dozens of ways to escape enemies with smoke and stun grenades. You also have fire crackers to distract guards and make them focuss their attention somewhere other than you so you can sneak past them.ENEMIESEnemies are serious. They are hard to beat, even the lower levels, and I actually found heavy weapon fighter enemies are easier because they are slower. Fast hitting enemies are a pain and have the ability to parry and counter you making you to have to be patient when fighting them, which is hard if you have two other fast hitting enemies and a heavy enemy attacking you at once.This makes combat nothing to laugh at and you are highly recommended to either bulk up your abilities at handtohand combat and get thicker skin haha...reference to games ability and get better armor they look like normal clothes in the Customize menu but theyre armor OR you just avoid combat all together and be better at not being detected all the time.STORYKind of clitche, but so is every popular story eventually. There arent that many popular themes to choose from. I mean if you watch one movie considered to be a SUSPENSE thiller youve seen about 90 of what is out there in the market. There arent many unique stories that people can actually stay and listen to on massive scales so I wont criticize the revenage clitche and the romance clitches. Although, I appreciate Arno being a French version of Ezio, he is a good character.The story buildsup but with its typical theme I could predict Arnos story pretty easily in terms of who is the Templar Grandmaster and blah blah blah...NO spoilers here. The characters are pretty good at connecting with the audience, somewhat, but some do have some transparency but ONE character actually made a good effort to flip the script, BUT I did catch on enough to see it coming if you played the whole game you may know what I mean, if you havent play yet well youll see the surprise soon enough.But the characters for some reason stop building themselves up. I mean at a certain point maybe half way they stop character development and it just focuses on the missions. I actually forgot the purpose of why I was hunting the Templar Grandmaster until they happened to bring it up near the end. So the story has become MUCH more dull but it is still something that some people may like.I mean in the beginning he makes it clear why he wants to be an Assassin. Then almost until the end you can actually totally forget why he even exists. It kinda sucks....Also, why does every character except some NPCs have a British dialect??? I mean...that was just a  up on Ubisofts part. Should have found other voice actors for the English translationOverall I give this game a good 8/10 though glitches need to be fixed for gameplay to not screw up 