Please read to the end before commenting or anything, thank you.ok, so i have only 9 or so hours on record, but thats cause i started playing offline to try and get better frames, which didnt work anyway, but atleast i wasnt getting steam or Uplay updates that would drop frames oreven crash the game. I was hopeful one i got my rig running this at 30 FPS smoothly Sometimes that the story would make up for the bugs and other crap. Nope. Holy sh!t Ubisoft. Now ive been a big fan playing all the AC games before, mainly on console for convenence cause the last rig i had wouldnt run them. Now i run the game on low graphics and it stil tops out at 30, not the problem i had. The problem i had was the story. Holy Sh!t. Ok, for the first little while i liked it, it felt ok, no fresh, but ok. It felt like playing AC3 again, and i liked AC3. But after 1/3 of the game or so i could already figure out how it would end, and then they put the twists, 2 major twists in my oppinion. Others may say more, but i say 2. now they happen with a good bit of story in between, but the assassin missions that came in that period felt dull and not really thought out for single player. Places were it was impossable to get in silent without someone else, now keep in mind i was playing OFFLINE past maybe 1/4 the story. and the ending was so frustating for me cause i felt like i was watching a cheesy movie. Now why i like the reward for beating the game, the last fight was frustrating, and thats the runs without the bugs putting me through the wall or stopping me from attacking. And the gear menu and micro transactions, theyme off coniterable. You have to have the companion app to unlock half the chests in the game, maybe more, and there is stuff locked until you play initiats, which doesnt work. and the master and legendary gear cost so much its almost nessisary to get the app or pay for ingame credits. In the last few AC games i could play thrugh with BASE gear, but if you dont upgrade gear you die in 2 hits, parrys do next to nothing, and it takes forever to kill some of the easier enemies.Now, some of the good thngs Which dont save the game.  the new parkour controls i really like. I like being able to choose between climbing up or down or taking the context sensative paths, you know, when the lag doesnt put you through a wall or stick you in the air., and when it runs smooth Even at 30 FPS it looks really cool. And the assassinations look cool too, though seam a little limited with there only being one hidden blade. Im putting a Yes recommendation on this only for those who are hardcore fans and have really, really, really good rigs, and even then id say get it on console if you have it, so you can return it if you dont like it, and even then i have a hard time saying it knowing my friend, who is a hardcore fan and advid console player, who runs into similer if not the same problems, and thats on the PS4, which some people say runs it better on. But really holy sh!t Ubisoft, get it together, optimise the hell out of this game and get it out there so it works. and dont have the same mistakes happen in the next AC title, cause we know youre going to put another out in the next few years.