Im running this game on a GTX 770 and using the settings that Nvidia recomends for the card.  Texture quality to lowest setting, and everything else to medium or lower.  I would think that this would look at least as good as other games I cant run on max settings, but it looks like something Id expect to see in 2005.  I wasnt able to run AC IV on max settings but it still looked good quality.  This looks terrible AND the framerate is still so low it gives me a headache.Gameplaywise, it is the same as other AC games but you can easily get the best equipment in the game very early on.  Instead of there being varying types of guards or something, the guards just have little markers above their heads indicating their level or how hard they are to kill.There are a lot of missions that have you sneak into a mansion.  Stealth is basically not an option because the guards are just too good, the buildings are labrynthine, and you have no kind of map. If you think you know a way to a location youll quickly find that you have to go in a huge cirlce around the whole building to get there and your route is nonexistant.Say you have to get to the second floor.  You climb to a second floor and go through a window.  As you work your way around guards towards your goal you find that your objective can only be reached by going up a staircase from the first floor and the rooms youve been going through are not physically connected to your goal.  I found myself getting fed up with stealth and just fighting my way through everything in the game after a few hours.The story is very bland for an assassins creed game, you kill one guy and find he was taking orders from another guy that you didnt know about before and then you go kill him and find out who his boss is.  The characters act like theyre so shocked that the guy they just killed wasnt the boss every single time, when the same thing just happened with the last 7 guys they killed.There are scenes where you get caught in a glitch in the animus and have to play through some actionscene in a different time period than the rest of the game.  Its a cool idea but its very sudden and forced every time and in the end its just in the way, annoying, and doesnt fit with the rest of the game.I have only said bad things because as far as i can tell there are NO improvements or changes from previous AC games in an attempt to make it better.2/10  unfinished, unplaytested and pretentious.