I found myself enticed to play more and more when I bought the first Assassins Creed game. The story was likeable, the concept was new and intriguing, and the gameplay was satisfying. The second game came out, and I enjoyed the ability to play online. Sneaking around and assassinating people on the other end of the internet was quite the thrill, versus just assassinating programmed ai with a scripted mind. You had to be a bit more creative and whatnot. The Ezio story evolved beyond that, and yet again, I enjoyed my assassinating experience. After revalations, I got into other things... I didnt play Black flag. I didnt myself like the idea of an assassin being a pirate...Then... I saw... This...The trailers, the gameplay on videos to showcase the game, new concepts to explore, art... My interest drew back towards another go at Assassins Creed. Coop? Awesome. More versus? Sweet. Downloading was a pain as my internet was slow... Literally took a week to get it done. Yada yada yada. So, when it was finally done today, I was very excited to play. I started it, got kinda confused as to the start of the game. Okay, played the first bit. The gameplay was... different. Fine. Ill see how this rides out after the first part of the game is over. Then... the first part with the child in the story. I thought I had encountered some lighting issues cause of some graphic card setting. Looked up how to fix it, and found that everyone had issues and more with the game. Bugs galore. I noticed that there were fps spikes. I went back into the game, and.... sure enough, fps spikes galore. Clothes flipping around and faces with choppy visuals. Holy... Holy flippingIn my mind, Im thinking how do they showcase that gameplay, then provide me and thousands or hundreds of thousands of players with a game like this?!. Then I realized theyre a company that probably just doesnt care. Games, and the companies that make these games, shouldnt releaselike this unless theyre sure its finished. Why the  are you guys releasing this stuff so flawed? Do you really wana ruin your rep further? Idiots... Watch me, Ubisoft. Watch me not care bout Assassins Creed next time you guys think bout making something look so gorgeous, let alone playable. This includes any other game made by you guys. Guna have to be very cautious with what I do around you fukups.I also happened to get watch dogs... Which also had some bad rep behind it... Why did it seem to get worse with this? Guys... Youre game developers. Do your ing jobs like the rest of us do in life. Its not that hard. I mean, you guys want those jobs, right? If not, go find something else to do. Let someone who wants to makepeople enjoy to play in their free time rather thanpeople off... If you wanapeople off, go be a telemarketer, or a tech support guy/girl at some company where they always put people on hold for no reason.This game wasnt ready for release. Dont releasethats not ready. Thats like me making a preemptive attack on some Taliban, or me making a weld on material that hasent been prepared properly. Take your ing time, and do it right the first ing time. Otherwisehits the fan, and could cost lives... or money... whatever you fucfaces at Ubisoft care about over there. 