I purchased Unity during the Christmas Sale event for 40, as it stands I would say this game is worth 30 at the most. I have played all the AC games from the beginning and I can say that this one has its moments. The story is good, the graphics for the majority of the game are beyond gorgeous. Ubisoft has always done a great job with their city designs. These 2 things do not justify this game enough to give it a thumbs up. Be that I got the game after there 4 majors patches and most of the bugs were fixed, there were a lot of mechanics issues and things that were missing in the game compared to previous installments. I felt when Ubi designed this game they fell way back in there stone age development of when they made there first AC game. I felt that they added things that were not nessecary, like there microtransactions were absurd and just to open certain chests in the game you have to play the App game on your phone/tablet which is a waste of time. Competeing in Club events or for that matter trying to assemble a Club was confusing and difficlut because there is not really any tutorials to help with exactly how it all works as well as many others players didnt want anything with joining a club or didnt want you to join their club. The new FreeRun was cool, Parkour is neat when it works correctly. The 3 way FreeRun systems needs some attention. And the fighting mechanics are different, sometimes glitche and your assassin just stands there and takes multiple hits while your trying to roll away or parry. If it wasnt for the storyline and the Graphics I probably would have skipped this one all together, but I am glad I got to play and see Arnos story and even if it will make an impact at all in other newer to come AC games. BTW I do love the Coop play that they have added to the game I do expect and hope to see this in there next installment. That is something I actually was impressed on.My suggestion to Ubisoft and there publisher Ubisoft...one and same is to take a couple years from releasing assassin creeed annually. Release your next AC game in 2016 Summer or Fall, skip 2015. Be smart like many other smart developers Rocksteady  Arkham Knight Ready at Dawn,Santa Monica  The Order 1886 are doing and delay your game if necessary to make sure that the experience of the game is not taken away , because your mechanics are haywire or you have crazy NPCs glitche. I am glad that some of the developers are acknowledging there own work is not complete and are willing to delay there product that they promised to there fans. Because they know that a properly finished product given to there fans will reward them for their hard work tenfolds compared to business statistic aholes who thinks releasing a game yearly is profittable to the company, when yet they dont realize it will hurt them in the long run The Business Statistics is assumption and I know publishers has to do with the majority of pushing developer to finish the game fast so they can push it out the door for money reasons.I somehow knew something was going to be wrong with this game so I waited one week after the release and read the reviews of other steam users. This made me want to wait out the game until they released a few patches and the price dropped because of the glitches and poor reviews. I am glad I waited. My own opinion on purchasing there next installment I will not be preordering it like I have all the way up to Black Flag. I will again wait it out and see if they have learned from their mistakes.I am a recreational player. I play for the fun, challenge and the story of the games.My Rigi53570k  4.0GhzGTX 9708GB RAM 1833MhzGame SettingUltra w/FXAACapped the game at 45FPS. Surprisingly this game seems to look and run better at 30 or 45 FPS rather than 60FPS. The way they designed it was to be ran at 30FPS and I see why. It does seem to look better in scenes. Used Riva Tuner to Cap the FPS