Ok, I would write a much longer review, but my time is currently limited. Do you know the old saying the anticipation of something is better than actually getting it.? well that fits in perfectly here. I had been waiting for this game for about 6 months before the release date. It was even a couple of days after my birthday, so I preordered it for my birthday. I watched every single trailer every single day. I COULDNT WAIT! I got the game, I even woke up early before work so I could play a couple of hours before hand. When I first booted it up, it worked just fine. No FPS problems whatsoever, I was very pleased. It was smooth, good graphics, the occasianl glictch as with any game. But, as I got further into the story I kept waiting for the game to explain why I should care about any of these characters at all. The only reason you care about Arno, the  lead, is because hes wearing a badass assassin hood. Of course with this franchise, it always Assassins Vs. Templars, so in this we play as a young man becoming an assassin. I thought they would explain why Templars were evil, wrong again young stempunkthing! Not ONCE do they mention in all of the campaign, and side quests why the Templars are evil. Take a look at my game time, over 50 hours of looking back and trying to find little places where they explain things. SPOILER ALERT AS IF ANYONE CARES, many plot holes later, we find our selves being kicked out of the assassin creed, But stempunkthing, why would they do that? you may ask, Well its because Ubisoft proves time and time again they really dont know what theyre doing, random Steam reader who by some miracle is still reading. They kick you out because you killed a person in the creed WHO BYE THE WAY OPENLY ADMITED TO HAVE KILLING THE LEADER, but all ovbious plot holes aside, you find yourself several months later in a bar fight. In this level, you play as a drunk, depressed Arno stumbling along the streets of Paris for absolutly no reason. For some reason you can still perform takedowns with the assassin blade that you dont actually have because they took it away when they kicked you out of the creed. SEVERAL PLOT HOLES LATER, we find ourselves batteling yet another evil Templar, because they killed the most boring character to have ever appeareds tied with Aidan Pierce, dont even get me started on WatchDogs father. Of course, since she is a female character, and she never makes the right decision and this is not NaughtyDog, this is Ubisoft, she dies because she made a mistake, that nobody, in a million million years would have made. Oh yeah and theres a sword called the Sword Of Eaden, they never explain what the hell that was about, why could it shoot ing lightening? I dont know. Then we somehow obtain the Sword Of Eaden, because we leave it next to the bad guys corpse for many years, instead of taking it in the first place, its not like an EVIL TEMPLAR could have come and taken it or anything, cause that never happens. And that there is the end of the game, throughout the game, you also get interupted by this annoying speaker who hacked into Animus and got Arnos life story for you to play. I always thought it was stupid, I always pictured some guy in Ubisoft studios going Hey, you know what would be a great idea for a game? A guy, working for a company, playing a game! How stupid is that? The whole Animus getting hacked thing NEVER comes back, at the very begging your real character asks who the female hacker is and she replies Call me I dont remember, dont hate and thats what well keep it at for now implying that there would be some character creation there. But nope, because that would require a little bit of effort on Ubisofts part wouldnt it? The game was also extremly short, there was no music, so most of the time I would fight a group of people with nothing audio wise except for the occasional grunt as someone slashes there sword. Very glitchy as well, about a month ago I purchased Far Cry 4 HIGHLY RECCOMMENDED, and the glitches with that game were very fun, I played coop with my friend in Far Cry 4, and we were laughing histerically as I went flying through the map as I got stuck in the middle of doing a stealth takedown. The glitches in ACU however are things like falling through the world to the point where you have to click CTRLALTDEL and go to task manager to close it. ACU wont even work with the internet turned on in Uplay have the time, and you cant gain skill points in missions that arent main, and you cant go back and replay main missions to get all the skill points you want! This has to be the absolute biggest train reck of any game Ive ever seen maybe with the exception of Sonic Boom. If anyone is still reading, first of all, Im very surprised, so good for you, and 2nd of all please, do not buy this game, everything about it, there are more glitches that Id like to add and maybe I will tomorrow Im actually fighting sleep at the moment but for now this is all Ill write. Dont get it, dont waste 40Gs of storage, dont reward this god awful company for doing a halfassed job. It really sucks. DO NOT BUY