Ive played all AC games available for PC except for Origins. Ive been a fan of the franchise ever since, not the best in the series but not also the worst one. It has its flaws but I say you should still give it a go and try getting it on sale DGRAPHICS Still legit look cool even on low settings The lighting, ambiance, color scheme, and structural design are impresively wellmade easily one of the most beautifully made games in the franchise The visual aesthetic it provided along with Paris is just 11/10 Bestlooking AC game IMO. Yes, better than Syndicate and Origins, for me, at least.No flaw on the graphics, really. Carry on.GAMEPLAY Class system Health, Melee, Stealth, Ranged, or mixandmatch, really your choice This is where sneak mechanics are introduced, now youll feel more of a shneaky ashashin Parkour and kill animations are boss and BRUTAL cue black metal sound Harder combat con for me since it kinda made the battles a bit more slowpaced Parkour can be a bit frustrating since Arnos grip is sometimes unpredictableCUSTOMIZATION dressupyourassassin.jpeg Provides you tons of cosmetic choices for Arno to wear ingame. Unique combinations with matching stat effects to personalize your own build. Not enough color palette for your dressupyourassassin.jpeg Some equipments are a bit flashy. A massive feather on your hood? Not so stealthy to me.STORY Interesting play throughout the history of the French Revolution Iconic characters like Napoleon Bonaparte Storys a bit subpar compared to Rogue, considering that both are connected.WORLD Variety of missions, and tons of stuff to do and collect I had 80 hrs worth on singleplayer alone D Map is massive, plus the underground caves, and more buildings are actually enterable. Sweet. You have Paris and Versailles as main locations. The voice acting accent is just cough not French enough cough Its so weird that everyone sounds British, really. If youre a completionist youre gonna have to grind a lot Some optimization issues. FPS drop here and there.They might have fixed some of it but not all of it. Minor glitches NPC stuck in a tree, NPC climbing poles and buildings, Arno getting stuck midair, Arnos weird hand glitch when picking locks lolMULTIPLAYER Coop is very fun especially if you have friends to play with extremely recommended. On the other hand, if youre relying on matchmaking, youd be a bit dissappointed. Matchmaking usually takes a lot longer to match you and other players since the online playerbase is not that massive.GAME UI didnt change much. But its better that way. Eagle vision works like a sonar now?! Is Arno half bat or something? But its cool./ No presenttime interaction unlike the previous Ezio Trilogy or the Black Flags firstperson Abstergo puppet thingy. Dunno if thats a good thing or a bad one lmao GRINDY AS FCK M8 Compared to older games, this only had one, yes one, save file. If you want a playthrough for the second time youre gonna have to clear out your first save game ugh. Helix Credits  massive bullcrappe.Overall its not a terrible game like some might say. It had massive potential, only they failed upon launch because of the bug fest. Its still a good game and youd imagine sinking in hundreds of hours especially if youre an AC fan.8/10 would bang Elise again. 