I did see the a performance issue when I first started the game.  But after I adjusted the video options it played 100 better.  I tried running the game in ultra settings but was sadly stuck at 10 fps.  I changed it down to high and now getting about 2530 fps stable even with the MASSIVE amount of npcs on the maps, Im talking more than you can fit in a football field at times.Game is running at 2560x1600 resolution and  the hardware setup is  i7 3770k 16gig ram with 1 680 GTX.  This game is hardware intensive and for the resolution Im using, I honestly believe that a GTX 690 or 970 SLId would allow me to run Ultra.  Keep in mind the devs did mention that this game would require an above normal hardware setup.It also would be better if the player was forced to adjust video settings before starting the game.  I think this is the main reason for all the low performance reviews.  For example, when you start the game for the first time you hit the title screen and all you get is press any key to continue.  You get thrown right into the intro, which to be honest, is pretty engaging and done well in my opinion.  Problem is if your settings are not optimal, you get a lot of frame loss and tearing.  I think the work around so far is quit to desktop at a save point so that the next time you start, the menu appears asking what you would like to do.Accessing the menu is a bit rough and confusing at first but not hard to understand.  For example, when you access the menu and click on options, you go to Game Options with 3 sub selections below it.  Since there is no scroll indicator, you would not know that there are more options until you spin the mouse wheel.In addition, Game Options is also clickable which gives you more options.  I mean if it did not look like heading text then it would be less confusing.  Also there is so much screen real estate that the options could have just been listed in columns.  But I assume this was primary designed with console in mind.As far as story goes and the potential of coop and side missions, the game is pretty engaging and I am enjoying the story.  Of course its only been 2.5 hours but I guess a little more time will tell.  Hope this helps you guys.