I have 70 hours in this game, so its a review with some meat on its bones.Youve probably noticed the mixed or negative review listing for this game.  Im sure that was absolutely true before Patch 5, but not anymore for the most part.The game runs with a small amount of hitching on my higher end computer.  Sure, it causes a few issues now and then... sometimes I end up facing the wrong direction when running down a street, or I end up jumping oddly onto another roof I wasnt planning on.  But, for the most part the game killing stutters and freezes dont seem to be something Im seeing.  Granted, I never played before Patch 5 by design, so I cant speak to the increase in playability as a percentage.That being said, Id like to talk about a few of the positives and negatives of this gamePositives   PACKED streets.  You actually feel like its a live city, and that its alive.  People go to the tavern, they carry their dead friends away from violent street battles, pr0stitutes cuz that word is blocked, even though I used it in a legit manner... attempt to ply their goods to passerbys, and so much more! Murder Mysteries!  Theyve added a new type of mission since I played last in Black Flag that allows you to solve crimes by talking to people and investigating multiple crime areas.  These are EASILY my favorite new missions. Customization system.  You can make your character look just about any way you want to with gear you gain from ingame missions, chests, and not real money purchases.  Its not just for asthetics, though your characters gear denotes your stats. Multiplayer.  Its pretty fun, and can be engaging, or competitive... depending on who you end up with. Side Characters.  There are a lot of interesting characters you run across in the game like de Sade, Bonaparte, and Robespierre that add a lot of spice to the game. Paris.  Its just an absolutely gorgeous map.  A LOT of the buildings are open, too, so you can run through the streets, on the rooves, or inside the houses.Negatives  Hitching.  The game hitches a little every now and then.  Its not game killing.  I understand why, though, considering the amount of stuff they pack into each screenful. Janky Combat.  Sometimes my character wont engage the next enemy, or pull out my sword unless Im pointed RIGHT at them.  Also, using a secondary F key secondary can sometimes be hit or miss... when youre counting on a smoke bomb and it wont go off, then goes off twice in a row wasting one you get a little peeved. Lock Picking.  Its a bit boring with the new line bobbing up and down, press space when it gets into the blue zone sort of mini game.Post Script There are a lot of elitist snobs out there who think a game is 50gb is going to release out the door with the middle name Perfection.  What a bunch of garbage.  Yeah, the game could have been released with better stability and FPS playability, but besides that... its a PHENOMENAL game.Whining about no horses?  You dont freaking need them.   Its freaking Paris.  Whining about ONLY getting 60 FPS?  The HDTV you use to watch TV is most likely only 1080p50 50 fps... so stop being a snob.  The game isnt perfect!  So?  The last perfect game was pong which you can write in 30 lines of code.  Frankly, I cant find any fun in a game like that.Stop being such a snob and enjoy the game for what it is.  A fun time, a great, beautiful map, a hitchy, little janky assassin combat sim with a hint at historical context wrapped into an RPG.  You want it to be more than that?  Make your own.