Im unsure whether I recommend this game or not. Features I loved in previous titles didnt make an appearance in this one. However, this isnt a terrible game even though it has more cons than pros. The main reason I still play this game is because it takes place during the French Revolution, my favorite part of history.The environment feels alive. The streets are absolutely packed with people. You can hear different conversations in French, of course. There are entertainers. There are random guillotine executions. Criminals killing civilians. Thieves stealing. People getting bullied. It makes me feel comfortable.This game picks up where the story was left off in Rogue.You can enter buildings. Some NPCs will be confused to why youre there, as it can be their home.The city is large.Beautiful sights for taking screenshots.The guards are actually a challenge. They fight back and use their items such as stun grenades.Character customization. Sadly, the color choices are awful.You and your enemies have wounds appear when hit. Blood even splashes on walls.The map is in 3D.I havent encountered a single bug and Ive been running 60fps with ultra high quality graphics.Your character Arno is an idiot. He kills important people before the assassins could look into the situation. This makes the story lacking and boring.The only way to kill a Templar is by using your hidden blade. Sure, you can kill them with your sword and all, but you have to go back and stab them with your hidden blade in order to continue.You cannot jump off of buildings as you please. You can jump from building to building or climb down, but you cannot jump off onto the ground quickly.Theres horse crap everywhere. Literally, you can go onto any street and you can find 35 piles of horse crap. Theres about 3 horse carriages and thats it. Im guessing it represents the storyline.Animations are slow and theyre too smooth. Arno literally just floats from building to building. He doesnt even lose health when jumping from 20ft in the air.The guard fights are slow and they shoot you if you attempt to flee.The games controls ignore the direction you want to climb.All of the characters suck. I usually like characters immediately when introduced, but Ubisoft just did a terrible job.Most of the missions are difficult and frustrating. Purchasing upgrades is almost useless because there is hardly any change in skill and strength.There are no checkpoints during one mission. If you die, you start everything all over again such as infiltrating the building, locating your target, assassinating them, and escaping the area. Ive been stuck on one mission for the longest time which prevents me from playing this game.The characters dont have French accents. Ezio at least had a strong and fake Italian accent, while this game has British accents.The story doesnt even mention the French Revolution. It completely ignores all the dangers thathappened to the characters.