In its current form, this game is an absolute mess.Ive read and watched a lot after spending some time with it and there is obviously a lot of covering of asses that will continue for the foreseeable future. As it stands, it feels like what will eventually be an enjoyable, playable, more realistic assassins creed experience eventually, but at the moment its a 60 Beta with terrible performance and hilarious bugs and glitches throughout.The combat is better than before, certainly offering more challenge, but once you realize there are actually only 3 weapons with various skins and stat upgrades, its simply a means to an end. The cover system is barely acceptable and at times frustrating to maneuver, but at least they added stealth to what should have always been a stealth game, right? Meh.The story is okay, but there rarely seems to incorporate the timeperiod save for a few lategame missions and a few interesting French Revolutionbased Murder Investigations. Arno is an okay protagonist, but its clear from the start that hes essentially a less interesting Ezio with a love interest in his first game rather than his third. By the time new characters are introduced, or in this case grow up, you are just expected to care about them. Your only insight into any of the characters backstory is to assassinate them, so getting attached to a target is entirely meaningless, as youre unaware of your motivation for doing so until after theyre dead. The large assassination mission structures, while diverse enough, lack any sort of tension because honestly, who cares if Templar A, B, or C has a backstory once theyre dead, on to the next one. The modernday story has become even less detached from significance. With Desmond gone and Black Flag getting away from a named protagonist, who needs to even play a character anymore? Its some of the laziest writing and gives you no clue as to what is even going on in the world any more, or if you should even care.Side missions may be the most interesting part of the game. While the murder investigations werent extremely challenging, they tied well into the timeperiod and some were extremely significant to the French Revolution. The lack of interesting ingame anecdotes led to my own research, which is telling to the level of care put in around the margins of this game, it is lacking significantly. The various other fetch quests and CoOp missions are okay, and are useful if youre bored of singleplayer. At the end of those though, its quite obvious, Unity is good at things it wants to be good at, its okay at things you think it should be good, and its terrible at things it needs to be good at.In some form, optimized and fixed, and on sale, this game will be worth picking up, but skip it for now. 