Assassins Creed Unity. Ubisofts biggest fail of 2014. They released a buggy, nearly unplayable mess to their audience, slapped some Templars in there, and called it an Assassins Creed game. After the horrendous torm after it, Ubisoft had to give free games out to calm the masses and not make people mad. It was a miracle that they werent sent to the guillotine in the game. I finally played the game, and I got to experience it first hand. I know you await my judgement. You read the horror stories, you saw the caps with only the eyes and mouths showing up. You know this must be worst than the Holocaust. So how traumatized am I by it?It was alright. Nothing too bad.Yeah, I am playing this a year and a half after it was released, and they patched it, but it was honestly fine. Not the best AssCreed, I guess that might go to Black Flag or one of the 2s, and I think I enjoyed Rogue more than this, but I liked this enough. Im sure you wonder what I talk about, so lets take a look at everything.STORY Youre Arno, the second blandest character in ACreed history ever. Your master is murdered and you are framed. However, during the famed Bastielle escape, you get out of jail, join the Assassins, and go after the men who killed your master, who also happen to be pulling the strings of the French Revolutions. Kind of generic get revenge story, but its not terrible or anything. It kept me interested long enough, and while Rogues is more compelling, this was fine. It was neat running into Napolean and... that guy who invented sadism and... okay, I dont recognize most of these names, but I havent had this lesson in school yet, so shut up xD. The modern daythey throw in is pointless as always, and I wish theyd just get rid of it, but they need some link to connect the games together, so I guess we have to deal with it. It really ruined the mood here, though. Not the biggest mood killer, but Ill get into that later.GAMEPLAY Same ACreed, Different Game. Well, they do refine it a bit more since its a new gen game. You have a skill tree to unlock what you had back in the last games along with the new stuff. Theres a new lockpicking system, which is a neat addition. Stealth has been overhauled a bit, making it a better option depending on what you want to do. Apparently Arno is a lot less agile than the Kenways or anyone like that, though, as combat is a lot stiffer and you cant just go in guns blazing. Or I guess swords blazing, but you know what I mean. Sadly, theres no ship gameplay, which was my favorite part of Black Flag, but I guess it wouldnt make sense to have that here.GRAPHICS, LEVEL DESIGN, AND PERFORMANCE So the graphics. Goddamn, Paris is ing beautiful. Might depend on your preference, but this is probably the best looking ACreed Ive seen. Paris feels so alive, and if you can run it on Ultra, do so. Its amazing to see it. While the game had performance issues at launch, theyre fixed now. I heard some nonsense about a 30FPS lock, but thats nowhere to be found. Framerate stuck at around 60 for me, with some drops to the 50s or even 40s sometimes, but it was fine nontheless.CHARACTERS, VOICE ACTING, AND DIALOGUE Arno is kind of a dull protagonist. I mean, he isnt the complete and utter bore as Connor in AC3, who was known to bore any Templars who bought that game to death along with everyone else, but still, not very good. His companion/love interest Elise is much better, and I honestly think shed be a more interesting protagonist, but I guess they did the play as a Templar thing in Rogue already, so ah well. Voice acting is good... kind of. While the actors are very good, I noticed something odd... EVERYONE HAD A FREAKING BRITISH ACCENT. Its fine if Arno and Elise had one, I wouldnt care. But do you mean to tell me that Napolean and numerous historical figures who lived in France their whole life had British accents? Around 40 of people who live in France today can speak some English, you couldnt get one of them to play some of these characters? Its not that Im mad or calling racism or some stupidlike that, but it kind of takes you out of the otherwise good atmosphere in the game. Other than that, I had no real problems with the game, voice acting was top notch and the script was alright.SIDE ACTIVITIES Its an ACreed game, of course there are a lot of things to do. You have a general idea of what there is? Yes? Well, thats it. No? Ask someone else, Im too lazy to xD Though I will say that if you want to, you can sink a lot of time into it. I think this is the ACreed game I put the less time into, compared to the 27 hours says 19 but Steam glitched out, it was 27 of Rogue and the two playthroughs I did on Black Flag on two different systems, so take that as you will.MULTIPLAYER ...oh right. ACreed had multiplayer. Um... I only played one coop game, I think I remembered it being alright, but I dont have enough gameplay on it to make a good judgement.FINAL THOUGHTS Eh, its alright. Graphically its impressive, but other than that, its just your usual ACreed game. 7.5/10, its fine. If you can grab it for 20, thats probably a good deal. Enjoy all the ACreed games? Try this out for size if you havent. 