Ok, full disclosure from the start. Im a big fan of the Assassins Creed series of games. Ive played through all the core series so far and have loved each one even AC3, which gets a terrible rap in my opinion. I wrote a glowing review of Assassins Creed 4 Black Flag on Steam calling it one of my favourite games of all time!The reviews for Unity pointed at a poorly optimised, buggy, PC version and some very questionable design choices prominent micro transactions and annoying companion app quests built into the game. So I resisted a day one buy, partly because I wanted to buy specifically on Steam, rather than Uplay. Partly because I figured these issues would be fixed in time. But I caved in during the Steam Christmas sale and experienced firsthand the mess Ubisoft had shoved out the door. At the time I was running a reasonably powerful system an i7 3770K overclocked to 4.5GHz, 16 GB RAM and a Geforce 680 with 2GB of VRAM. My system is hamstrung slightly as my six year old Samsung monitor only supports a resolution of 1680x1050, though this does allow me to push for graphical detail at the expense of resolution. Since the weak link in my PC was that my graphics card lacked VRAM I set the graphical options to HIGH and jumped in.The game looked good, great in fact! I was slightly surprised it was using the same AnvilNext engine as Black Flag. Everything looked that much more realistic, especially the facial animations. But then it started, micro stutter, every few seconds. Just enough to make the game unplayable. Feeling disappointed I quit after 5 minutes to patiently for a patch. Though having been burned with similar WatchDogs problems I resigned myself to the issue never being addressed.But it was! After almost three months, and with the release of Patch 5, my micro stutter issue was fixed and I gave the game another run out.And straight away I fell in love with it. So much so that I picked up a 970 to see it in all its glory!So whats good?As much as I loved Black Flag for the fresh new approach it bought to the series and the stunning Caribbean vistas I felt it lacked a lot of what I really liked about the first few Assassins Creed games. I felt that the core mechanic in this series was parkouring through a well realised, historic city. Unity brings this back and improves on it hugely. The parkour just flows better than in previous games with extra animations for movement. You actually feel like youre moving quickly over, through and under the city. Through being perhaps the most exciting enhancement. There are now a large number of buildings in the game world that have been opened up. Some of these interiors being fairly generic rooms with others being incredible recreations of real world locations. Notre Dame is simply stunning in terms of detail. The lighting illuminating the interior of this vast gothic cathedral is one of the most impressive things Ive seen in any game to date. It looks like something from a tech demo, and yet its fully interactive! On the subject of lighting its equally impressive to see a cloud slowly move past the sun temporarily throwing shadows over parts of the city. It doesnt add anything to the gameplay but its little details like this that increase immersion.But this is only a small part of a multitude of improvements that makes Ubisofts recreation of Paris in the late seventeen hundreds a real marvel. Much has been made of technology that allows large crowds to populate the streets of the city and again, that is really impressive and immersive. Wherever you travel in Paris there are people doing something. Watching a beheading, clamouring to break into a church, protesting, singing, getting drunk, conversing idly. The sheer number of crowd animations makes everywhere feel alive and while it makes a big difference and affords many more opportunities. You can now effectively plan an assassination, remove your target and then disappear seamlessly into the crowd to escape.This leads into perhaps the single best improvement to the series. The overhaul of the missions. Each of the core story sequences seems to revolve around finding a killing and key character in the story I say seems as Ive only played through the first 67 so  far. But unlike in previous Assassins Creed titles youre given a great deal of freedom in how you go about the assassination. You can charge in, sword out, pistol at the ready. But youll be in for a long, drawn out fight against tough opposition. Alternatively you can use stealth and misdirection to avoid combat almost entirely. There are often multiple routes through to a target, reminiscent of classics like Deus Ex. And there are optional objectives to accomplish to help tip the odds in your favour. Overall you feel in complete control of the assassination. You make the plan, you execute it and your target and you adapt if something goes awry. The enemy AI isnt nearly as impressive as that in something like Metal Gear Solid 5 Ground Zeros where there is real fear you will be hunted down if spotted but still makes for an exciting challenge.The coop missions are surprisingly good too. Initially I thought they were a bad idea. Oftentimes this sort of thing feels crowbarred into the game. But, as with WatchDogs, Ubisoft have integrated them into the game seamlessly. You can either go to a predefined coop mission location and the game will matchmake for you, finding partners for your escapade. Or alternatively you might be interrupted while around Paris by an assassin asking you to come and join their endeavour. In which case you can accept or continue on with whatever you were doing. The missions themselves feel well defined and are a lot of fun to play. I havent figured out how to communicate with my fellow assassins yet if you can at all but everyone so far has played the objective.So whats bad?Im actually struggling with this question. Obviously Ubisoft releasing an unfinished product then taking about four months to patch out some of the bigger problems is not good enough and judging by some forum posts there are still lingering issues with those running SLI/Crossfire setups. But if I were to judge Unity on its merits as a game technical issues notwithstanding there isnt a great deal wrong with it at all.Here are my nitpicks then. The day/night cycle seems to have gone from previous games. Missions take place at preset times during the day or night and thats fine. The scene shifts to accommodate these. Other than that you have a slider in the options menu to adjust the time of day. Given how incredible lighting is in this game it would have been neater had this been a gradual shift.The parkour can be a little bit hit and miss. Occasionally, while running, Arno will mount a table or chair, or wall and it will take some coaxing to get him down off it. This can be frustrating when youre trying to pull off a quick escape, after doing what an assassin does.In conclusionI love this game, I really do. I know it hasnt gone down too well with other fans and has been unfavourably compared to Black Flag the high water mark of the series but for me its a return to the core of what made the Assassins Creed games great after a really fun detour. Personally, I actually rate this slightly higher than superb Black Flag because of how incredibly realised and beautiful the open world sandbox is. Its the sort of game where you should just ditch the map I really recommend turning the HUD widget off and just explore historical Paris. There really are opportunities and adventures to be had everywhere which more or less is why I love games in the first place. 