Ok so after ignoring the flickering in SLI on water and some objects that are wet, I found it went away in certain areas. I played to the end and found it was at least a decent story.Dead Kings was a great addition to the game. Im not sure why it was made DLC because it seems like the main story finished a little too abrubtly. The expac makes the game feel more complete and I was actually enjoying the game again.The Helix rifts also add a good dimension to the game transporting you to different time periods within Paris. The change of scenery and familiar landmarks make the game stronger.Now that coop works, it adds a really nice feature that allows you to not only do missions but coexist  in the same world, running around in free roam. If you have friends to play with, this is awesome.If youre a fan of the series, you will enjoy this game. Its definitely not the best but certainly worth a play, maybe wait for it to be on sale. By then, most of the bugs should be gone too. Its just a shame it was an extremely rocky start.ORIGINAL REVIEWNutshellIt pains me to say but this as a massive fan of the AC series but this has to be one of the worst yet. The city is graphically beautiful but there is not a lot of depth to the gameplay. Saying it has gone back to its roots is a cop out for not adding anything new beyond what AC1 had. Its actually less because there are no horses or exciting modes of transport like other games in the series. On top of that, no crafting, no ships and the coop was broken so I couldnt play with my brother who is also a massive fan.ReleaseI played for a few hours then stoppped because of the game breaking bugs and graphical glitches. Im running a decent SLI config in ultra settings and most parts ran smoothly then for unkown reasons would just gitter out for a few seconds.Patch 2it was playable. I played to sequence 10 until I simply got bored with it.Patch 4I have come back after patch 4 was released to finish the main story and now SLI is broken with flickering ojects all over the place.SummaryThe most positive thing I can say about this is that I was lucky to get it before Ubi offered a free game so now Im just playing that.REALLY DISAPPOINTED