Visually this game is breathtakingParis is a joy to behold, expecially if you know the city, and  the character designs are suavely dressed, badass, and interesting. I am very much reminded of the Brotherhood of The Wolf  movie.  If you stop to look around you will notice little imaginative vignettes everywhere and even the newspapers are full of interesting historical tidbits. backed up by painstaking historical research. Of course, if you are running as fast as you can from task to task you may never notice the thought and artistry that went into this game. Kudos to Ubisoft for picking such an interesting and unexpected back drop.This alone makes the game worth playing for me but theres more. Combat is fun and  for me smooth after 9 hours of play. I have never run into any technical issues so far. Ive only played this game post patch 3 , but it runs pretty well hovering around 2730fps nearly all the time, which may not be butter but is on par with many other games and smooth enough not to be distracting. There is occasional stutter but once again not enough to be an issue.I have also never really played an AC game for more than an hour or two before, so I am somewhat objective and can look at trhe game in and of itself. The story so far is good enough to keep me interested and no worse than the average action movie these days. I mean how many mediocre action movies have you sat though because you loved the visuals. I also dont really expect a literary masterpiece from a video game. Neither do I have any expectations that the combat be different form the last few games, so for me it is not boring but  a new challenge and fun. I suppose if there has to be some radical innovation from the last game to catch ones attention then there might be an issue, but no prob for me.My impression is that most of the negativity around this game is from people who had technical problems with the launch and /or who are longtime fans and have played every game in the franchise and are therefore unable to apprecaite the game in and of itself. So far as I can tell the technical problems have been largely fixed, and the game has a lot to offer. I am happy with my purchase and will be playing for a long time. It may even motivate me to go and play Black Flag which I purchased but never really got into.Overall reccomendation for me is quite positive with the caveat that I am a new AC fan and have no expectations or baggage based on playing the game previously.