Assassins Creed Unity is a very difficult game to review. It is a very large and very big game, both in game features and story elements, so the review will be related to that, and i will try to write, as briefly as possible, what is right and what is not with this game.When Ive played Ac Unity for the first time ive loved it, because it had clearly returned to its roots firsts AC games, but also evolved. That is, the parkour had returned, the big city and lots and lots of good parkour. It is fun, it is free, its the core of an Assassins creed game. Right there i knew what was missing in the last two previous games, the parkour, the free run. The Ac spirit is right there. Alex Amancio the creative director for this game and Revelations, is the only one besides the original creator of Assassins Creed Patrice Desilets that truly understands, what it is the true spirit of Assassins Creed, and what an AC game, should be.Climbing to a viewpoint it is a meaningfull experience, it lets you clear one whole section of the map not just a tiny diffuse zoneThe music also, returns to a pretty good quality, et even has one special theme the main theme of course done by no other than jesper kid.It is a shame then, that here comes one of the firsts catastrophic failures of this game...the accent for the characters of this game... nothing wrong with the acting, it is very good in fact, but, for some reason...alltough you are in france, in the middle of the french revolution, everyone speaks with an english accent.... why? you have to search for a whole cast of english accent people, why? at first it was somewhat strange, even funny, but then you start to get really angry at a french soldier saying oyyy, get here! , ill crash youu head! Then you remember also, that in previous AC games, like Ac2, ezio had his italian accent, and it was perfect, so you really dont understand the logic behind this decision...then you learn many months later that the next AC game will be set in LONDON and you start to wonder if it has something to do with convenience to have english accent actors in this game....But anyway, moving on, the story and the charactersAC Unity is set in the french revolution, that was a very exciting time to place and AC Game, and it was in fact the next logical step to continue with, AC games originally spoke about freewill, fight for liberty of the assassins, and the chaos that comes with it, also the need to impose order and control of the templars.French revolution was perfect, among other things was the beginning of the end of the monarchy  the declaration of human rights, the end of privileges for a few ones and the right of voice to the rest of the people, the so called third state, everyone else well at least, a good number of everyone else it was the beginning of a very important historical moment in the history of the world that would lead to many things, It was of course a very complex and difficult subject to translate into a video game. And sadly it wasnt very well done in this game.The portraits of many of the characters of the french revolutions falls flat, most of the time, the depiction is very stereotypical to say the least.. to the point of being more of a satirical one.  The story itself, as presented, is a mess of different dates and important moments of what happened at the french revolution. The problem is not that it doesnt show many of the things that happened at the french revolution, because it does show a lot, but what it shows, sometimes it does at different times in different orders sometimes it doesnt follow the chronological order of what happened so it really is difficult to understand what is happening in the context of things the french revolution as a context to the assassins vs templars story. The first time i played the game, i was happy to find many different moments of the french revoultion, that i knew it happened from reading books about it, here and there, all the time, there was indeed and incredible amount of research for this game, and there is an historical moment happening on almost every main mission!! but then i realized, that it was very difficult to make sense of everything that was hapenning , because of the way it is presented.Of course, maybe you dont care about the french revolution, and maybe you dont pay attention to what is hapening. In that case you will be fine. What i like about this game really are the main characters. Arno and Elise are very good characters, very likeable. In fact, i think Elise de la Serre is the best female character of all the AC games. She is smart, very strong and feminine. She is very independent, and very strong willed.I think the scenes with her and Arno on screen are the best part of the game.As for the main story , not of the french revolution, but for Assasins vs templars....is practically non existent...like the present story non existent it is very clear that after the depart of Patrice Desilets, ubisoft doesnt know what to do with the story anymore.But at least the love story between Arno an Assassin and Elise a Templar, is a very good one.So, as for the main missions they are fun, and this time, optional challenges are for the most part fun.What really stands outs gameplay wise , is its CO OP missions in multiplayer. Not to be confused with the multiplayer from previous games wich was a deathmatch arena. This time, multiplayer missions are just like regular missions, in Paris map, and is really fun when it works.Then you have the secondary missions Paris stories and social club ones...there is simply just too much of them, one of the mistakes of this game, too much of everything, more than 50 secondary missions, its gets boring very quick. Some are good, but they are lost among all the boring ones.Nostradamus missions and murder misteries are a good idea, but badly implemented, and theres also too much of them.But then you have the rifts missions, those are fun.What is great about this game also, is the customization of your character. You can choose from more than 200 pieces of equipment plus different kinds of weapons. You can really make you character unique. The economy system and your cafe is allright i guess, like AC2, but it should have been developed more.The collectibles are back as always, cockades and artifacts are fun to collect. Chests also, but there is too much of them 300! and with a 3 level lock system that is unfair to the player until later in the game.The game, tecnically speaking is incredible, the graphics are unique and spectacultar, and require a very modern and very good PC many of the negatives reviews about performance, unjustified, are from people that dont have a powerful enough system, and fail to understand requirements with a good equipment this game runs good, but, truth be told,  there are some glitches here and there, as there always is by the way, with all Ac games but in this game besides that, there are some missions...specially at the end of the game, where there is clearly a problem with the game sytem, movement, hiding, stealth, jumping, etc, there is a lack of testing and i reached the point of almost hating the game, and forgeting about all its good qualities. It really is a shame, because it is sure not a design problem, but more a matter of a game that was rushed....That said, in the DLC of the game, dead kings, the epilogue chapter, that camed out 3 months later, there is clearly much more polish, and the game is layed out better.Playing Ac Unity has been a collection of phenomenal ups and some abysmal downs to be honest... but it was finally the beauty of Paris, the triumphant return of parkour, good character customization and the incorporation of true, really fun CO OP missions that made this game finally good and tipped off the balance toward a positive score.