ACU for myself is very much hit and miss. There where points in the game which I really enjoyed, such as the story, and the assassination missions, but there are moments when I just look at it and cant help but feel the game was pushed out the door. You will not get more than 20 hours of enjoyment out of this game!Graphics!I played this game roughly 2 months after the release date, in this time I assume that ubisoft have patch most of the FPS issues due to the fact that throughout my 14 hour play session I didnt crash once, and came across around 8 major FPS drops, none of which I really cared about. You do however notice the render issues when synchronizing I didnt really care though. One thing that truly annoyed me was the models, I really wish more effort was put into this as it gets extremely boring fighting the same 3 people over and over again yes the police are slighly different, but there is very little conflict with them. Oh I will be fighting the elite swiss guard, to bad they look the exact same as ing patriots........ Other than that the models for elise and Arno look great, along with any other main character.Story.Personally I enjoyed the story I play AC games for the story, the end was very predictable as with all AC games. I didnt enjoy it enough to play through the main story a second time, in saying that AC2 was the only AC game I played twice. I will however go around and collect all the collectables just to expand on the story. I hate all the abstergo stuff, it takes away any immersion you might have had while playing, it was bearable with AC1 to AC3 when there was a sub story to it, but now its just ing special with no point to it. Wish arno would talk less to himself makes him look like a nut job 3On a side note if your going to set your story in France make the characters have French accents not English ones. There where a bunch of historical things that annoyed me to, but thats just because im a history nerd PGameplay.Combat is extremely similar to every other AC game, just counter..... I mean parry your way to victory. You dont need to upgrade your weapon once throughout the entire story, or armour for that matter. Parhour is basically the same, very little to improve, except now you can fall from great heights and not die, im sorry but it looks ing stupid when you jump off a 3 story building and dont take any damage. To get the best stuff you have to grind like crazy which is boring in this game, I have a feeling this was done so people would buy the premium currency terrible buisness practice. The assassination missions are quite enjoyable, you have to think, and create a plan IKR thinking in a AC game, but it still holds your hand like crazy, and doesnt really allow anything to creative.To put it simply the gameplay is very average, with little to no improvement on previous titles.Conclusion.Personally ACU is very average, it just another AC game, nothing ground breaking nothing special just another AC game. I felt ripped off by the 50 price tag I payed for this game, and with the business practices Ubi has been making with the premium currency and the state this game was at launch I really doubt I will be buying another AC game after this one. If your new to the series you will most likely enjoy the game, if your a fan like myself who has played all the games you will just see the same old thing.If ive made any english mistakes Im sorry 3 