Ive played almost 8 hours of the game with no bugs and only a couple crashes, but the latter was only because I was working on a lowerend machine. I will attribute this to having only begun playing the game after the 3rd patch was released.PROSEnvironment The environment of the game is incredible. Sometimes I climb buildings just for a good view of the skyline of Revolutionary Paris. Part of the reason I play AC is simply because I want to see the amazing world theyve built. I have fortunately not experienced any FPS drops, so the quality and color vibrance is stunning.Great gameplay. I like the addition of taking cover, and having to actively parry incoming attacks. This was an element missing in the older games that made battles kinda boring, because all you had to do was hold down the right trigger on the controller to keep up your guard, and wait for the perfect moment to counterstrike. I almost never lost health when playing AC2. Adding the requirement of parry makes the conflicts more interactive, and requires fast reaction. Free running is smooth, combat is smooth.Customization I like the outfit customization and weapon options. They have got some really great clothing and weapon designs. Right now, Im running around Paris with an upgraded heavy axe and enjoying the heck out of it.Multiplayer is really fun, but only under certain circumstances more on that in Cons.CONSMultiplayer It sometimes doesnt work too well. I encountered this when trying to enter a fourplayer coop mission. I got sent into someone elses world as the game termed it, but either the mission never started, or I joined too late  and it was already over. I want to be able to join at the beginning of a mission, not get thrown into someone elses game and not have anything to do.Color Customization My only complaint here is that you can only chose from a number of preset color options. There is no real customization here, besides deciding which color combo you prefer. Plus you have to buy them, which is a negative. I liked the Halo games in this respect, where the color customization was completely open, any color combination you could think of was at your fingertips.Outfit Customization I liked this, except for the fact that theyre directly tied to stats. I liked the look of some of the armor, but chose not to use it because the stats werent what I wanted. Personally, I think the stat upgrades should be separate from the customization options. 