Welcome to Paris circa 1789 and meet a torm that is the french revolution.Youre some cliche obnoxious male model with a ponytail minus father.Youre in the wrong place at the wrong time and eventually end up as an assassin in the Brotherhood of Paris, an organisation of assassins.Your merry group of hooded model citizens is fighting an ancient war against another, evil organisation of Templars who seek to gain control of the world and make everyone wake up at 4 in the morning true story.Oh and there is a sword that shoots lightning, yay!Before I flame theout of this piece of crap, Ive just got to say that I loved? Assassins Creed games.Overall for me, Unity is the new low point in the long line of Assassins Creed games. Here is why.Time to vent about dirty money. Youre offered packages of ingame currency up to worth of nearly 100 euros to buy items which make the game easier for you. The game is already relatively easy and you dont need any of the bling provided by the chaching. Besides, youre rewarded with ingame items as you progress in the game and I found those items to be just enough help. Now I do realize that mtxbusiness is the current trend and its understandable for them to try and make money out of their product but it just feels wrong, like dirty money. Not like Valves business model which doesnt make the game any easier. Cheats used to be there to make the game easy for scrubs but I guess that time is long gone.The story of the game is not entirely flat but it lacks that something which made the original Assassins Creed game have such an impact on me. Perhaps its the fact that the AC games used to have a real lifeside to their storyline as opposed to Unity where all the action happens ingame. The main story in the series that without going too much into detail had to do with a certain ancient civilization and their relics, the happy fun times that is the impending demise of the world etc. seems to have lost much of its importance and role in the game. Now Templars are just some chumps looking to make money at others expense and the really sinister worlddomination is not that prominent a theme anymore.Luckily the storyline conscists of traditional AC themes such as betrayal, romance and fight the powermentality which is all good there and definitely a big plus but overall still lacking.Now, some good things to say about the game.Graphics are fantastic. The level of detail and architecture thats a plus for architects of Paris of the time though in the various castles, churches, palaces and whatnot is of very high quality and really just a sight for sore eyes.The gameplay of AC conscists of freerunning and combat as usual and it feels fairly smooth albeit for some incredibly silly controlling flaws and bugs, much of which were fixed on the first patches, except for the combat mechanics the skills are bought with yet another currency and to me it feels ridicilous that you just cant do anything to an enemy on the ground before you buy ground execution which btw. cant be used in multiplayer, no idea why.Shooting mechanics are allright but the phantom blade addition just feels silly much less than blowgun used in the black flag.Perhaps the biggest and the best addition Unity has tried to give us are the multiplayer missions. A nice idea truly, but the lack of communication makes coordinating a 4man assassin team a ludicrous job. Multiplayer bit has a lot of improving to do and I hope future patches do just that.The Unity companion app is allright but the rewards it gives are just . 250 credits from a single blue nomad chest makes me just think yes mad. Not worth my time doing the ridicilous puzzle mission bit and then having to fetch it myself or wait for 24 hours. Right.Unity app feels like its just something they took out of the actual game for the sake of taking it out. Playing it on your mobile or tablet is okay I guess but what if someone doesnt have said devices at their disposal? Surely, theyre living after their time but Im just saying they shouldve added an option to do thatingame.The game, with all its flaws, works as a fantastic timesink even after completing the main story.Running around the city, collecting the collectibles and doing miniquests, multiplayer missions and stuff can give many hours of enjoyment if you wish to call it that.TLDR mmmi with sprinkles6/10 would not play through a second time 