Well what can I say about Unity. Unity in short is a potentially brilliant game that Ubisoft have once again screwed up. It depicts Arno Dorian, a posh French Assassin who led the way through the French Revolution. So this SHOULD have been a great game. But Its not, and there are many reasons why. But despite this, I have had fun playing it, but not so much as last years Black Flag. So heres why1 The GlitchesThere are enough glitches and bugs in this game to give even the toughest gamer nightmares. Many are relevant to the new Parcore system, and also the combat system. One such glitch included running across a wall and then getting stuck in mid air.2 The GraphicsGraphics ingame have a impossibly high requirement. Short of a military computer, you wont be able to run this game at its peak. I have a good gaming PC, which handled last years AC4 Black Flag with ease. But this game ran so badly, I could barely move without lag. And one of the best way to improve FPS was to Go Offline on Ubisoft. When I tried this, the framerate doubled, which shows just how crap Ubisoft really are. If you have anything lower than a PROPER gaming PC then this game aint for you.3 The StorylineOnce I got the game running at an ACCEPTABLE framerate cough cough I then payed attention to the storyline. The storyline follows Arno Dorian, a boy whose Dad got killed by a guy who I still dont know who he was. You follow him through his youth, and on the way become an Assassin Well duh and grow more into a badass. But before all that, the game is slow to get into. And before then you cant do Coop. So....4 CoopCoop is actually very good for the game the one bit about the game that I like, which involves serious parcore  introduces multiplayer missions. You can have fun rescueing people or something like that. Coop is also suited to various playstyles, such as playing as a Mid/Long Range Sniper Assassin or maybe a Close Range axe Assassin, which means that players can accept various roles. This is the one good part about the game.Overall, this is a not brilliant but potentially good game that Ubisoft have once again screwed up  let their customers down with. 30 on this doesnt feel justified, I actually think that the price should be approx 15 at most. Such a pity Ubisoft... 