This game has received lots of bad press, and while some of it is deserved I think that the vast majority of it is uncalled for. Let me start by saying that I am a fan of the Assassins  Creed games as a whole and that I  have been since the first one was released. I have, for the most part, played the series on the PC. It seems like every year there are a ton of people that come out to complain about how porely optomized the newest entry in the series is, and quiet frankly it gets old. These games are open world games that push the entirety of a computers resources.The rig that I am playing on is i72600, 16GB DDR31600, and an R9 280X. I play the game at 1920x1080 with the ingame ultra graphics preset. I have VSync turned on and I get a rock solid 30 frames per second in the game other than the occasional hiccup when the game is loading lots of data off of the hard drive. I have the game installed on a Western Digital Black 4 TB harddrive, so I imagine that these hiccups would not occur for someone using an SSD. I have only experienced one crash of the game   in the entire time I have played it, and I have not encountered any of the glitches others caim to have in single player. I have also had no problems with the coop missions that others have had. I do have an ADSL2 20Mbs/1.5Mbs internet connection, so I have a constant strong connection to the UPlay servers. In the end this is the best looking game I have yet played for the PC.Now with the technical aspects of the game taken  care of lets look at the game for its content. The story ius fairly standard for the Assassins Creed series. The main story is a fairly simple trope revolving around love and revenge. Like the other games in the series what makes the plot interesting are all of the surrounding interesting characters that are synonymous with the setting of the game. As is par for the course in this series the mainplot is used as a staging area to introduce the more interesting aspects of the setting. This game makes the information about the surrounding places and people more accessible in the form of a companion app, that you can either install on your computer, or preferably have on a portable device next to you so that you can read about things that interest you. The companion app also provides an ingame map that controls like a GPS app would on touch screen devices. I have this app on my tablet and it works well with the main game to create an immersive experience. I found myself reading about in game places on the go when I was not playign the game. It honestly feels like the best realization of the concepts that were introduced into video games with the Wii U controler.This app does have a slightly sinister side to it. There are ingame chest that require you to play a side game on the companion app to unlock. These are not only numerous in the main game but the app requires huge amounts of time to do the side quest. The times are fairly similar to the fleet sidequest in the previos game Black Flag, but they feel far more intrusive the way they are implemented in this game. Similar in annoyance are the other ingame chaest that are unlocked using thesystem. They are less obtrusive than the first set of chest, but innexplicably the ingame daily quest have not been implemented into the game yet even though they were working for Black Flag at launch last year. Luckily, you can still level up on the site simply by playing the game. There is no extra effort needed, outside the game, other than connecting your uplay account to the ACinitiates server which requires all of about 2 minutes since the web siter uses the same login as the uplay servers. In this sense it serves as a replacement to the content that was unlocked via ingame progress achievements in the previous games. I hope that Ubisofts goal with this is to allow long time fans of the series to unlock content more quickly in future installments of the series, but this is unclear at the moment.The gameplay is fairly standard for the series. THey have added the ability to control wether you are climbing up or down, which feels like a natural evolution to the parkour system in the series. The combat in the game has received some criticism from other reviewers, in that it is much more difficult than the looser swashbuckling combat systems in more recent entries in the series. It harkens back to the weighty counter heavy combat of the original game in the series. Also, enemies with guns will force you to retreat for cover before reengaging melee enemies. I like this weigthy feeling combat, though I can see why it would be a hinderance for people that are looking for a more action oriented affair. The game forces you to pick and choose when to enter open combat in order to be succesful. No longer can you run headlong into each situation. Because, of this the game rewards silent kills in a much more tangible way than more recent entries in the series, and in the end it reminds you of why these games were called Assassins Creed, in the first place.I hope that this review has given you a good idea of what to expect when considering purchaisng this game. I personally love the game and I recommend the game to anyone who is a fan of the series and has a beefy enough rig to run it. The minum specs on the store page are, for once, actually a good guideline for the minum system needed to run the game with good performance and ingame high settings. With this in mind, it really is one of the first true next gen games. 