Time to comment...Hi! This game is crap!The controls are HORRIBLE! They are so obnoxious that you wish you had a joystick to throw into the wall! MAybe cause it feels like a horrible console game port on PC.The optimisation still suk! HARD!Tonns of bugs and glitches still that are annoying you every time you see them. Like floating coats above the bodies, stuff that appears from nowhere and people doing the same sometimes. Just appear or disappear.No logical interraction between you and the world. You just kill a guy in front of people and they do nothing.Copypaste of Ezios face to Arno. LAAAAAZYVery poor story with no logical bonds between the things that happening. Like, a guy grew up in love with a girl and suddenly he has been setup and start killing people????? WHY THE F WOULD HE?! maybe he would come back after his gal tell her F all this crap we are going to forest and live theree peacefully and happily ever after, no the fu ker needed to kill some random people on the streets. What the F? Are so F lazy these days? Just some fancy art and graphics, some killing and apparantly perfect optimisation for consoles and CHICHING! money flows? F U K YOU! Yes i think you were trying to imply that the most players are F stupid and dont need a good narration. So F U very much!I feel sorry for all the artists that were involved into the ge game development, cause the picture is very beatiful but the overall game design is Some players curses on AC 3 but i dont agree that that one was so bad. The controls maybe are like in Unity but unity takes the prize in being horrible at controls but AC3 still had a very good story to tell with very good character development that worked perfectly together with art and engine. Unity is a failure! This game is a good example about how you SHOULDNT make games for university students that are studying as game devs.So i cannot resist joking about uplay. In this case its rather nor uplay but uPAY! And we wank...Buy it IF its on new year sale with 90 discount, else forget it and go play Black Flag over again. ITs worth a while... Even storywise you wont lose anything skipping the Unity...So its a big NO NO!