TLDR at the bottom.Played about 27 hours of it, finished thepoor main storyline and it seems Ubisoft made this to be more of a tech demo than an actual AC game with interesting characters, places, events etc. Its padded to  with repetitive and generic assassination missions which has you killing random Templars who are given no back story or character development whatsoever before you take them out.DULL DULL DULL DULL DULL and DULL.. Everything about this game is DULL. Characters are DULL. City is DULL and feels forced and lifeless. They just shoved thousands of NPCs in there to make it seem more alive but it fails so badly. Story is ing DULL AS  and one of the shortest and most cliche in the entire Assassins Creed Universe. I could make up a more interesting story in my head with the same characters that are used here.The huge crowds that were flaunted to  by Ubisoft do  all but stand there 90 of the time. I thought the crowds were going to play a significant role in assassinations but nope. They just stand there like braindead ing sheep and make my rig work like a dog for no reason. A ing DULL and stupidtech demo piece.Certain chests you encounter in game, cant be opened unless you do this initiates thing Which is now broken and useless so Ubisoft unlocked all the chests for everyone and use the companion app for the game. So ing lame and pointless. Forcing you to make accounts on their stupid and  websites and apps to unlock content in a game you already paid money for. Microtransactions dont really bother me to be honest. Just dont buy them. Although it does seem they made the acquiring of gear and money a lot harder in the earlier stages or made it seem like it to force people to buy them.The main character Arno starts off quite well but becomes DULL really quickly. He occasionally spouts off some one liners that are supposed to be clever and witty but are so ing cheesy and out of place considering the situation. I think what they did was try and recreate Ezio as fans were/are still attached to his character. They failed badly in this regard. I couldnt give a singleabout Arnos father being killed because they simply didnt let me. Hes there for mere minutes before hes gone.Key characters are not developed AT ALL in the first 10 hours. Elise and Arno have their little prologue before thehits the fan but thats it. You see Elise exactly once after that in 10 hours with no glimpse or mention of her in that whole time. Pierre the guy who trains you for five ing minutes is not developed either. He is there initially calling Arno names like the cliche gruff mentor but then he just slouches up against a wall in the Assassin HQ and does nothing whilst Arno goes off on missions.The first 10 hours is just you going around and killing s. The ing dialogue on most of the characters sounds painful and forced. No likeable or relatable characters anywhere. The only character I liked was the Marquee de Sade and I only saw him for twenty minutes tops if that.Coop and the actual gameplay shine however. The new stealth button is useful as hell and the game actually forces you to be stealthy in true assassin fashion unlike the previous games where you were a tank. You can no longer face off against twenty enemies and come out the other end unscathed. I actually find it difficult with more than five enemies at a time. Its hella fun especially if youre on the mic with your mates playing coop missions or heist missions and discussing strategies whilst playing. A lot of eye candy but not enough material there to call it an AC game. The story is just as important as gameplay in the AC series with its heavily story driven formula and the game falls flat on its face with regards to story.I havent even mentioned the annoying as  popin and FPS drops that are STILL HAPPENING AFTER FOUR USELESS PATCHES that have done nothing to alleviate any of the issues.I just cant believe Im writing this as a MASSIVE MASSIVE MASSIVE MASSIVE MASSIVE AC fanboy. I think the blame lies with me in part for expecting waaaaay too much with Unity in the first place. Me getting conned into thinking that they would actually work hard here.I could honestly rant on and on and on about the various failings this game has. They took a crap ton of features out from the previous games and dumbed down a lot of the aspects of the previous titles. The music in Unity is easily the worst of the whole series. I have never had anything but praise for the soundtrack in the AC series until this game was released. It doesnt affect me either way at all whereas I used to actually listen to tracks from AC 2s soundtrack as part of my music playlist.Another thing that bugs me, perhaps more than anything, are the English accents. I honestly felt like I was going through Victorian London rather than Paris. I didnt think this wouldme off as much as it did but it completely breaks immersion to the point where you wonder what country youre playing in.TLDR Its a tech demo and a shot at next gen for Ubisoft and little else. At the time of writing, its on sale at 33 off which is still not worth the experience. Im genuinelyoff and sad that the one game I was looking forward to this year turns out to be another turd. Do I recommend this game?  off.