Id like to start out by saying, wait for the next patch or even a sale. Once its stable then its worth it. As is, its difficult to find groups for coop so Id assume most people are having technical difficulties.I completed the main story and after bumping down to medium setting with a FX8320 GTX 780Ti and 8 GB ram it has been stable throughout the playthrough. Overall technically speaking its disappointing.Why do I recommend it? Despite all of the typical Ubisoft bs it is better.This iteration cleans up a bit of the movement it keeps most of the familiar terrain features and expands a bit on indoors. Windows are fairly easy to use as they have a dedicated button to ensure you go through them. The sneak mechanic feels good in most cases however the cover mechanic leaves a bit to be desired. Imagine a finicky deus ex cover with no turning corners. There is also Upfreerun and DownFreerun. Down freerun is focused on speedy traversal of the level youre on or quick safe dismounting of buildings. UpFreerun is the typical movement were used to. One thing I did miss was jumping backwards off of walls. There was a wall eject and I think thats what its supposed to be but honestly... it was not working at all. Possible bug? Overall improvements but some feel unpolished.Story was good, its your basic murder clue murder clue AC storyline. Then you get the the boss at the end who has different mechanics from anything else in the rest of the game. I liked Arno as a character and the supporting characters were also fairly good. Not boring as hell like Connor was from AC3.The Coop... its basically here are objectives, you and your buddies go finish them. Would be much better if I had someone I know to run em with but hes been having difficulty connecting to coop. We did get a few in on day 1 and Ill say that those were the most fun. Heists are slightly different as the goal is to reach a target with minimal to no detection to maximize your reward. Coop missions give good gear drops but will need to be run multiple times to unlock everything. Also when you go to a friends instance of the world itll load all of their unlocked viewpoints and cafes.Skills, get unlocked as you go you need to get skill points to unlock them. There is a skill for ranged weapons for example. Kind of a pain but its a tolerable form of progression. Besides you dont need ranged weapon proficiency for phantom blade anyway so its mostly ok.The Gear allows you to build your character ranged, stealth, or brawler. with bonuses to amount of things carried to health and time till detection. Built into the game is a bit of a gear score There are diamonds above your name that indicate your level. There are 5 levels of gear with a legendary tier as well. Gear score will tell you how well equipped you are for different mission difficulties. Its 11 for simplicitys sake.The Estate type building that is your source of revenue. When upgraded it will provide missions. These missions will further increase the income from it. Also there are 7 buildings throughout the map that can be renovated that will also increase income and provide missions. These missions give a decent amount of money.In this highly iterative series, Ubisoft once again adds more polish to their open world game. At least mechanically. Technically this thing is a mess. Requiring high end gear to be run and having framerate difficulty on even the consoles where the specs are locked in. Turns out some of the accusations prerelease were unfounded however they were hiding the bigger problem which was that their game is just straight up broke. By the way... microtransactions are totally pay to win but it doesnt hurt anyone except yourself. So its okay with me. 