Despite a few persistent gripes Ive had with previous entries in the series, Ive thoroughly enjoyed playing Assassins Creed games. Until this one. Unity has its Pros and Cons like most other games, but at this point Im just playing due to a sense of obligation and maybe a bit of OCD. Honestly, I just want it to be over.Like previous AC games, exploration in this game is awesome. Ubisofts take on historically signifcant places is pretty impressive. They did a really good job of conveying the sense of civil unrest. The graphics, as youd expect, are slightly better than previous games. The LOD distance is a bit strange. I have all the settings in the game maxed out but it seems like buildings in particular render in low detail way closer than they should. I have a pretty solid build so I dont think its a hardware issue.Still, I cant recommend this game. First and foremost, the free running feels sloppy. Its a little different than previous games. I think they were trying to give you more control over the free running in this one. For instance, now you have options to free run up or free run down. The button mapping is more specifically contextual. When youre near the window, you can press a button to enter the window. I constantly find myself fighting with the controls while free running. Maybe youre trying to jump down to a ledge that is slightly lower than whatever surface youre standing on, so you aim toward it and free run toward it, except you wind up jumping to a ledge that is much further away somehow. Sometimes Ill get stuck climbing a wall and cant drop from it even after pressing the drop button. Good luck climbing a narrow climbable surface, because youre probably gonna wind up climbing another surface instead.It may be Im bad at combat in this game, but I suspect there is something amiss there too. Ive gone into combat and tried to attack aggressive mobs but I dont actually attack. Ill press the attack button and Arno will draw his sword and twirl it a bit but not attack. Its almost like it doesnt detect Im in combat when I am, I suppose. When that happens, there isnt a lot to be done about it. At least I havent figured out how to correct it. Ill just let the mobs kill me and load back in and try again.Air assassinations are so frustrating I dont even try to do them anymore. Say I have a specific target that I need to eliminate, but I dont want to be in open combat... Ill position myself on a ledge as close to my target as possible, and press the attack button to initiate the air assassination. One of three things will happen, in order of most likely to least likely Youll air assassinate a mob that is further away than your target, even if you werent aiming at them, youll just jump down and land on the ground and immediately be in open combat, or sometimes, if youre lucky, youll actually hit the target youre aiming at.Seems like the double assassination ability is hitormiss too. Sometimes Ill sneak up behind two mobs that are standing still and attempt to double assassinate them, only Ill only kill one of them. Thats always really fun and not infuriating at all.Now, on to bugs. At the time of writing this, Ive put 22.1 hours into the game. Ive had to restart missions numerous times because they wouldnt progress. Sometimes, after cutscenes, I cant move at all. Sometimes cutscenes wont trigger. Ive had it tell me to assassinate targets that dont spawn in. Restarting the mission always fixes the issue, but I dont want to play every mission two or three times just to make sure it works. Ive crashed to desktop at least twice. Occasionally, there will be weird graphical artifacts, but as far as I can tell, these may be an issue with nVidias graphics drivers.A lot of people have complained about the lackluster DLC and microtransactions, and I get it. I got the game and the DLC on sale, so Im not really miffed about the price. I dont think anybody really likes microtransactions, but it doesnt bother me too much that its in this game. As a matter of fact, in an effort to expedite my completion of the game seriously it cant come quickly enough Ive tried to buy Helix Credits, so I can unlock and improve some endgame gear. Key word here is tried because the Ubisoft eStore or whatever its called never works. I lied. It did work once. I bought a small pack of the helix credits so I could buy the maps that show where hidden stuff is. After I learned I could buy the credits to take a lot of the grind out of the game, I tried to buy more. Ive tried to access the eStore numerous times since and havent been able to. I cant remember the exact error message but I get the same one every time.The story itself isnt bad, I think... I like history well enough but the French Revolution has never particularly interested me. Im hoping Syndicate will be a more refined experience.Edited a few times because I apparently cant proofread properly. 