Before anything else in Unity, do yourself a favour and set the spoken language to French. I guarantee you, there ismore annoying than sitting through a conversation between French aristocrats at Versailles, performed in cockney English  it is just intolerable. Even if you dont speak a word of French, set the language to French and enable subtitles. The game istwice as immersive in French as it is in English.Besides that, Unity is the game that could. Ithave been the best in the series. Ithave been a smooth experience. The technology is there. The visuals are there. The gameplay is there. The difficulty is, for the first time in this series, there. Unity takes place in an absolutely stunning rendition of revolutionary Paris. There are crowds shouting in the streets, burning furniture and books, there are people going about with heads on pikes after beheadings. Guards are smarter and more lethal and for the first time in the series you mayfrom combat with enemies. You can also move better, more precisely and actually go and land where you want to.The Nostradamus enigmas are absolutely enjoyable and give a high feeling of reward once you solve them  if you resist the stupidity of looking them up on the internet. The same applies to the murder mysteries  absolutely enjoyable if you play them straight. The main storyline is solid and has a good pace, though it cant compete with the likes of AC II or Black Flag.So why isnt this the best AC ever? Basically, there is too much extra content and too much online focus. Too many weapons. Too many outfits. Too many coop missions that need to be grinded again and again to unlock the aforementioned too many items. There are too many pickpockets on the streets of Paris and you get too many prompts to chase them down. Mind you that I played version 1.5 where these things are milder than the original release. However, the fact that even after 5 patches there are still some npcs floating in the air above their market stalls is simply unacceptable.The Dead Kings addon is ok but really  it adds nothing to your experience other than a grenade launcher and some more hours of mercilessly assassinating thugs.All in all though  you simply have to play Unity  because for all its little annoyances it is still an absolutely visually stunning game, with great gameplay, interesting characters and set in an interesting setting. Just as long as you do it in French. 