Let me start off by saying that yes, this game has some graphical problems.I have an i73770, 16gb RAM, and an EVGA 670 FTW Edition with 2GB of RAM.I have not toyed around too much with the graphical options but I can run at high settings with 30 to 40 frames.  It rarely ever drops below 30 unless it is a cutscene which drops it into the teens sometimes.I have noticed that every few seconds the average gamer will be able to notice a millisecond long stutter, which is gets to be annoying but I have looked past it and its whatever.There are some problems with distant textures looking like textures from an N64 but I have not yet tested to see if a higher texture setting will fix that.I also had a problem on the last Versailles mission where I crashed in the same spot 4 times in a row.  I restarted my computer and I made it thorugh the sequence just fine.And please be aware 30 fps is MORE than fine to play this game with.  Anyone who says differently only seeks to hate Ubisoft because that is the cool thing to do these daysThrough all of these things though, this game is BEAUTIFUL.  Everything is so pretty.  Go inside Notre Dame, the work found there is jawdropping especially if you are like me and love everything about the real Paris.Gameplaywise So far the story is solid, I have been hooked, I am engaged, and its better than Black Flags so far.The parkour is the best the series has to offer, after you get used to jumping into windows that is.  Never before has it felt so easy and so smooth.  They have really outdone themselves here.The combat is WAY better than previous series.  They did NOT lie when they said they made it harder.  The fights are much much longer in this than before.  In Black Flag I would just fight loads of guards because I could.  In this one, I find myself running from large groups more often than I engage them.  That is definitely a plus for the series.Overall, I find this game a spectacular addition to the series.  Paris is a marvelous setting and it is really done well, from what I have seen.  I have by no means been everywhere.  Yes, Ubisoft have not optimized this game like they need to.  It does run very ineffeciently, but if you have a machine that can even run this game at medium, I would REALLY recommend you think about buying.  If you are, however, intent on smearing Ubisoft just because you can, or you dont realize that games can and do have bugs, please just stay off the internet.I would give it, from what I have seen so far, an 8.5/10.  The 8.5 mainly due to the inefficient performace and texture popins.  Gameplay is a solid 9.