Couple of things off the top. I love the AC universe, I have played almost all of them and several of them to 100 completion on Xbox. This was an okay game.TLDR  Decent game, stream lined weapon management, they attempted to improve free running. I highly suggest playing it in french with english subtitles. All the characters of British accents otherwise it seems.StoryIt was okay. It doesnt advanced the Assassin vs Abstergo story at all and I dont know where it fits in the over all AC story but it was fun to run around revolutionary Paris for 3040 hours. If you are a history buff and like this time period you will enjoy the game. I recommend playing this in french with subtitles to get the best effect. Unlike in Ezios stories where they had the proper accents to the english all the characters sound like they are from London, England which was very distracting until I made the change.On CoopIve heard people complaining about the coop missions getting in the way or breaking the game but I disgree with that assessment so I want to address it first. I did do it once but it now suffers from a very small player base which means for some of the coop missions that you need 4 members for you simply wont find a match which is fustratin.Skill tree and upgrading equipdThese are back/in this game, you can have different types of melee weapons such as heavy, onehanded, etc. Fustratingly the assassin blade is no longer a weapon but rather something you can ONLY use when not detected unless you knock someone to the ground and spec into using it. You now need to unlock talents through points and there are many options for gear all era specific. They stream lined this but most combat styles end up functioning the same.Free runningThey tried to improve it and did in someways but broke it in others. The ability to run through buildings and explore buildings necessarily meant they had to change it but the effect was the free running didnt always work great and was fustrating compared to other AC games.Overall Decent game that has been patched and I had none of the issues that plagued this game at the start. I would buy on sale, however, the DLC is nothing to write home about as perusual with AC games and you dont need to buy it if you dont want to.