Assassins Creed Unity, now, is a pretty good game. I recall when it first came out the number of issues it had. After five patches and a free DLC, I think Ubisoft was satisfied considering the debacle. When it first came out, it was unplayable, as in the frame rates were incredibly low and there were bugs everywhere. Now, the frame rates are fine. The game is playable, thats for certain. However, there are still issues. The first issue youll likely notice is the atrocious LOD Level of Detail for distant buildings. Basically, the textures and details on distant buildings are incredibly flat. Theres also the matter of random NPCs having their outfits change sporadically at times. I tried to not let that deter me as I did enjoy the story and the abundance of side missions available in the game. But its noticable enough that you have that instinct feeling that Ubisoft gave up on this game after it came out. The executives clearly didnt care enough about delaying the game as 3D programmers could have worked another six months to work on it and polish these issues. But, you know, they gotta get that money.On the other hand, Unity has a great story. I mean, Im basically a sucker for the Assassins Creed games and stories as I really enjoy the historical aspects and exploration of historical cities. Paris is absolutly beautiful, and when youre up close to some of these buildings, you have to respect the attention to detail. Notre Dame is massive as are the other notable landmarks.The story involves Arno Dorian in a sort of pseudo revenge story. In the beginning of the game, spoilers, his father is assinated by a Templar. But its not him youre avenging, as you dont really know much about who assassinated him. Its your adoptive father you avenge. Francois De La Serre. Francois took Arno in after the assassination of Arnos father, and you also grow up and fall in love with Elise, Francois daughter. She knows all about the Templars and Assassins as Francois is a Templar himself. Basically, theres turmoil within the Templar Order, and after breaking out of prison, Arno was blamed for Francois death, Arno ultimately works with the Assassins to figure out whats going on. You ultimately allign with Elise as, deep down, she knows you didnt kill her father.Its a great story that did get some comparisons to AC II, but I felt that it was unique on its own. The DLC, Dead Kings, was okay, but some of the ghost stuff felt a bit off. I just wish the bugs and random issues were resolved.8.0/10 