At this time, I cannot recommend this game  it is buggy, it is poorly thought out in many places. While it is entertaining, Ubi went out of their way to tick off players on many aspects of the game.For example, there is a join in progress silhouette for hey, join my coop. This is implemented, when playing with a controller, on one of the primary buttons that you use for other actions. And so what happens is you get thrown into a coop match you have no intent of actually playing or participating in, in the middle of a mission. Entering, it saves your inventory and if you quit  it resets you to the start of the sequence youre doing.Thats not so bad, but it also resets your inventory to where it was when you started the coop  and so you might have to visit a vendor. Keeping in mind, that I had no intent of actually participating in the coop in the first place.Most of the features are poorly thought out and/or implemented like this. Id give them until February or March to fix the issues. The game has so much potential, its a shame that they arent yet delivering on it. Edit Additionally, even with Ubi giving a free game for people who purchased the season pass, I want to just make some more things clear.1. The AI players are . In previous Assassins Creed titles, the AI would chase you pretty much to the end of the earth. In this title, theyll stand around even if you dont move from the marker of where they last saw you, scratching their butts, while you pick them off.2. The final boss fight I won using smoke bombs. Yes, I smoke bombed the final boss. Yes, it worked. Yes, the boss fell for it and let me get the required, scripted hits in.3. Leading up to that fight, theres a fort. The positioning and design of that map are the most fundamentally representative of the broken design in the game. You can begin clearing it and the mobs have no facility to respond to what youre doing. Once youve cleared those mobs out, you can work your way in. The AI has managed the nigh impossible task of making World of Warcraft or EverQuest look like they have good AI players.4. Ubisoft repeatedly tries to cram multiplayer down your throat  their thought process appears to be you didnt take multiplayer the last 50 times we offered it to you e.g. the last minute, lets offer it another 50 times. Hey brother, come help me. Hey brother, come help me. Im surprised they didnt have five of the coop guys calling in the boss room.Seriously  the free game goes a way towards making up for this, but this game was not playtested in any meaningful way. 