I have really mixed feelings about this game. At first I thought about not recommending this game, but some elements such as coop makes it worth while.Lets just do the pros vs. consPros Coop. The first AC title with coop and its really fun. Coop missions are implemented, and matchmaking is easy enough. Freerunning Up/Down. This feature allows the player to decide whether he wants to scale a building up or down, which works nicely once you get used to it. Less confusion on where you want to jump, which have been a trouble in previous AC titles. Difficulty. This game has an increased difficulty compared to previous titles, and difficulty is bound to districts. Also, the enemies dont attack one at a time, and can also shoot at you while other engage you. Snipers are also a nice addition, as they are very powerful, but more easily killed in close combat and are most often located on rooftops. Crowds. Paris is filled with people and the city feels alive and more realistically crowded.Cons Uplay. Story is rather dull, with uninteresting characters. Missions are rather monotomous. The game revolves around Paris which is okay, but its ONLY Paris, nothing else, just a huge city, little variation to enviroment. The game starts to lag at times, uncertain to why, may be only my problem. Uplay, did I say that? While the freerunning is good most of the times, some climbing issues occur, and obvious jumps to the right and left are not always permitted. And though the controls say wall eject or climb jump, they do not always do so. No crafting, sailing, hunting or anything that made previous games fun. I dont really like Arno. Hes very plain, and doesnt have anything remarkable with him.SummarizationAllthough Ive listed plenty more cons than pros, the game is okay enough, but without coop not really worth it. So if you have a bad internet connection, buy another game. Otherwise I would recommend it on a sale. Not really worth the full price, or the preorder price I was stupid enough to get it for.