Post DLC ReviewFor those who dont know, by way of pseduo apology, Ubisoft has offered its first DLC, Dead Kings, for free.  Of course, by downloading the DLC, you are giving up your rights to sue Ubisoft over Assassins Creed Unity, so there is that.Anyway, I just finished Dead Kings on Xbox.  What I found there addressed some of the issues that I saw in the game, though if you are looking for a glitchless experience, you wont find it here.  What you will find is a more satisfying conclusion to Arnos story, which is one thing that truely disappointed me about Unity.  In addition, youll get some more side quest goodness with some pretty decent rewards.  Its underground mazes add a new element to the game that is fun to explore as well.It definitly does not fix things.  Bugs abound in the game, to include freezing you in place halfway through a mission, which I found to be the most common bug. Also, where as I found myself constantly relying on stealth in the main game, certain changes in enemy AI as well as the WMD known as the guillatine gun turned me into a melee fiend, kinda taking away from the whole assassin thing.But despite these lingering problems, Dead Kings is a step in the right direction.  If you have the game, the DLC is free, so there is no harm in playing through.  Dead Kings doesnt make up for all the problems that Unity STILL has... but it does at least put a period to the end of a painful paragraph in the Assassins Creed Franchise.Game Completed ReviewSo I played the game through on Xbox instead of PC.  I left the initial review comments below, for any interested parties, as I still cannot get it to work on my computer.I am a huge fan of the series.  When AC Victory comes out next year, I will buy the game before it is released, and I will have the season pass.  So when I say that if you are not a huge fan of the series, you should give this game a miss, that should let you know how I feel about the game.Oh, it isnt that Unity is a bad game overall.  Paris is thus far my favorite AC world, and will give you hours of exploration to do, with dozens of activities.  I have been playing it almost straight for the last two weeks, and am still not complete with everything I can do.But that said, it is certainly a far cry from what Assassins Creed Black Flag was.  Assassins Creed Black Flag had a compelling setting, a very compelling protagonist, and the sidequesting was a dream come true  who wouldnt want to be a pirate?  It also ended on a high note, with one of the sweetest endings that I have seen in any game.By comparison, ACU had an interesting setting the French Revolution, but interesting is not necessarily compelling.  Arnos initial introduction had me excited it reminded me of Ezio, which is one of the all time fan favorite assassins.  But Arno wasnt nearly as well developed as he could have been.  Sure, you can go into the database and read Elises letters, or see the database entry on Arno, but that is not the same as what they did with Ezio over the course of three games, or even Conner or Edward in one game each.  Sidequesting takes a lot of time, and provides a varied amount of activities for you to do, but at some point it got monotonous, and I did not have as much fun completing side missions as I could have.  And finally, the ending, while it brought everything to a nice resolution in one of the best boss fights of the series, left a lot to be desired.  I wont leave any spoilers, mostly because there is nothing to spoil.  In the other AC games, there was always a reason that you were still back in the Animus, finishing up whatever you didnt do no such reason is given here.If you are a diehard fan of the series, then check out the game when it goes on sale aside from some major glitch issues which UbiSoft is STILL working on, the game was alright, and the glitches dont render the game unplayable, just annoying.  But if you are just a casual fan, go get ACBF or wait until the next AC release to check THAT out.  This game isnt worth the time so heartbreaking to write that line...Also, in light of my continuing computer issues, make sure that you have a computer that can run this game well before you get it, if you get it.Initial Release ReviewLike so many other reviews of this game upon its initial release to PC, I must sadly give a downgrade to what I think would have been an awesome game.  I am biased of course I love Assassins Creed I have been addicted to the series for years now, and have bought the last three games on prerelease.  On all three release days, I have been driven myself crazy trying to get the game to work.  Though I have enjoyed every game in the series yes, even ACIII, I am THAT much of a fanboy, I have to say that Ubisoft is horrible when it comes to delivery, especially on launch day.I see this game succeeding in spite of itself, as Ubisoft will possibly put out a patch that will make it easier for us all to play on PC, and eventually everyone will forget what a horrible launch day Assassins Creed Unity had.Until that time, I cannot in good consious recommend this game to anyone who is not a die hard fan.  When Ubisoft puts out that patch or when I get a better computer in a few years, I will rereview the game at that time.