I think the new engine did the game good. It feels fresher. Its not inventing much new I still need to try coop but when coming from Black Flag and Rogue youll appreciate what it does.It has no sailing and ship combat love it or hate it but consists mostly of Paris and some other smaller towns/palaces. In pure miles to travel I guess Unity is inferior to BL/Rogue but it makes up with love of detail and by using the space available to bigger extend. Most notably there are plenty indoors area now being used for missions, to contain collectibles or as means of moving across streets/lines of buildings more quickly hopping into one window and leaving through the opposite one.Even when recognizing certain reused assets over the time Paris feels diverse and lively. This game having more civilians on the streets than any AC before adds to it. Every nook and cranny feels kind of unique, often featuring landmarks with historical buildings or places and brimming with life, at best illuminated into a gorgeous sunset making use of fancy postprocessing effects. I think this is the first AC where I actually enjoyed moving on ground level more than via the rooftops only thanks to the many more details that are naturally to be found down below. For the first time I also bothered to consequently read the associated database/miniencyclopedia  and immediately after having unlocked entries about places, people or historic events at the time. It helps with immersion and to grow interest for the city. Even after I will drop the game which can still take a while I can already see myself going on a Google/Wikipedia travel vacation with all the screenshots I took and comparing how Paris, characters and events are shown in the game and how they really looked or worked out back then and how they do now.Reading the database entries, newspapers there are two, and each year that passes in the story timeline spawns a new issue to read from around places with a couple random stories about the events of that year or paying attention to details generally is advised. The storyline is following along historic events from around 1788 to 1794 or so I havent fully finished it yet but Im close and sometimes makes sudden leaps of numerous months up to a year you wouldnt notice if it werent for previously acquired historic knowledge and the occasional time stamps in the introductory memories of each sequence.This leads to my gripe with the game or series as a whole I miss the presenttime storyline. Here it is hardly advanced at all. I stopped hoping for anything new ever since Black Flag. More so important is the pasttime story. That one isnt bad but not necessarily surprising either. I feel more engaged than in Rogue, the characters are more likeable and tangible, I particularly like the relationship between Arno and lise even if it didnt get as much display as it couldve deserved earlier on. You are back to certain roots like having a proper Assassin brotherhood to work for, a council to report to, you get a real initiation and the three tenets I had forgotten some games back are recited. This is neatly incorporated into the coop multiplayer which allows you to form clans with people brotherhoods and to grow up in ranks individually or specify such clanrelated. Should people have felt displaced with AC3 and onward they will feel back home in ways with Unity, it is closer to the original game and the Ezio trilogy in many ways.But Things can be a little predictable. Following real historic events to some degree and having to maintain a certain balance of power for the presenttime story to make sense always means a certain predictability. Some details might be considered plain fan service even. For example it was interesting to meet Napoleon but I have only seen him once and he was relatively irrelevant to the story so far. They couldve left him out and it wouldve hardly made a difference, but I suppose when playing that time one would just expect or hope to have his appearance regardless of whether he was indeed in reallife where the game shows him to be when you meet him or not, which I dont know. In this manner I can easily see others to roll their eyes a little at this game or the series generally. Even so there was/is boldness in recreating historic settings as well as it does and this is is a game with great love of detail and you can tell the developers put lots of effort into making Paris feel and look as great as they could.Im wondering how a nonopen world game would fare in comparison. I think I observe that certain groups of civilians in front of historic buildings always stay the same over the years that pass storywise. There might also be some inconsistencies with how buildings actually looked inbetween in the reallife and how they do in the game. For example whether the Bastille was already damaged before you play the mission that sees it stormed. Or whether a certain bridge was built with the Bastilles stones while it was still intact it was completely taken apart by the Revolutionaries if I understand correctly, so both couldnt exist at the same time but they do in the game. Or if the small nooncannon in the PalaisRoyal actually fires at noon as it seems to do in reallife. Even if Im just mistaken I guess a more enclosed kind of game could deal with these details more consistently and faithful to the facts. But this isnt meant as a negative, Im just wondering, I bet most players never paid nearly enough attention to any of this so in the end it wont matter.These are details one could divulge himself with for more and more hours to come, and Im kind of curious. Not sure if Ill examine them as much but there sure is a lot one can do with this even after having completed the game a longer while back. This should be appreciated too if Im to be asked, there is a deep value in it by itself beyond being a game simply. Its sad that all this is a bit looked over in the series generally I myself learned my lesson late, I feel inclined to properly reread databases and stuff in the previous games now, I surely will pay more attention in the future titles or in Unity due to the bumpy start it seemed to have had. The performance issues many seemed to have look fixed, at least on my rig the game runs smoothly, although maybe because Im rather highend and at the cost of detail. The level of detail on buildings and such quickly deteriorates at a distance and characters are rendered during cutscenes with better quality than they actually look like when youre controlling stuff  but Im also getting some harmless yet consistent graphical glitches that could be the engine, a faulty GPU, faulty drivers  having similar phenomena in other games speaks for this  or some such else so I dont know for sure if this is all supposed to look as I see it or not. Its still a great looking game overall.If I had to add some negatives The A.I. can be very stupid. I uploaded one video showing an example of that. Something else includes you being able to assassinate targets in a row from around cover with your enemies literally running into it like lemmings. The combat can feel hard at first and you can get overwhelmed by too many guards but you can essentially still block/evade it all if youre quick enough and when you have enough smoke bombs different gear you wear improves your capacities/abilities/stats you can easily get rid of them all in a fairly easy manner. By unlocking advanced combat moves you can break any of their blocking abilities and cut them down without much of a sweat. In this manner the series continues to be lacking any great challenges although there are plenty of niceish riddles around that have you explore landmarks for hidden symbols with eagle vision. And the coop content looks like beefed up on difficulty either although I havent tried it enough to say for sure.