So I just had to know why this game got so much bad publicity.I get it now.Its bad. Its because its bad. Thats why it got bad publicity.I dont even know where to begin with this game... I feel like they get a lot of things right! It looks amazing and I just really loved the graphics, the sound, the design  I mean its Paris during their revolution for crying out loud! This is a very exciting setting!However, this game just fails on so many other levels. By the way, by the time I got this game, it was very bug free compared to how it supposedly was when it first came out.So, I thought Id let you know, the menus SUCK. Everything involving GUI just sucks. Its a rats nest. The pause menu is full of online store content that no one cares about. Want to restart a mission? You have to scroll past a bunch of weird other menu items involving online stores or some crap. The relevant menu items are in the bottom  but if you want to jump into the ubisoft store in the middle of a mission, oh boy! Its like the second option in the list!The HUD is also a circus. Sometimes the tips overlap really important elements of the HUD and you cant see whats going on and youre just waiting for the stupid tips to go away... tips that tell you things that it has already told you a hundred times. And no, theres no way to get rid of just the tips. Heyo! Also, the HUD has so many elements on screen at one moment that its tough to quickly perceive the information you actually care about at the moment, AND makes it even harder for you to enjoy the best part of the game! The scenery! THE SCENERY! Why are there so many elements distracting me from the SCENERYHYYAHEIAFEAJFOEAWhere was I... ah yes, also, the story is boring. They kind of introduce surprise vilains out of nowhere and I dont even understand whats going on with the Creed or whatever and I just dont even know. Whatever. Storys bad. I miss Ezio. Moving on.The controls suck! They try to keep making certain things better  and in theory they are better  but at the end of the day, all that matters is that I can maneuver Assassins Creed where I want him and not have him just jump to his death or right in front of the baddie or whatever. Just like the first Assassins Creed, controlling him is frustrating.Now, the other thing that Assassins Creed games do excepetionally well is getting to actually assassinate people with those little wrist knives! Thats all I ever want to do! I just want to explore, learn about France during the revolution, and knife people in the neck with my wrists. Its really fun! Theres nothing like scoping out a landmark building, planning your way in, and shanking your target!However, most of the time you spend in the game, is not doing the fun things I mentioned above if you consider how frustrating exploration can be between the bad GUI and the bad controls. If you also consider the seldom amount of times you get to wristknife people and how stale the story is, this game just ends up being boring. Id say you spend most of your time in the game doing boring things or being frustrated.I dont even want to continue wasting my time to finish this game. Its just boring and it makes me very sad.To say that this game is rough around the edges is an understatment. It needs way more than just polish, it needs entire sections either looked over again or completely removed. I really wanted to like this game, I love the setting, I love the graphics, and the knifeyknifing, but bad controls, a GUI designed by Jackson Pollock, and a stale story really drag this game into the Parisian Catacombs. Ooooo relevant reference!