Update as of 09/27/2017.Verdict 6.5/10Story 6/10Graphics 7/10 a lot of the environments are very pretty, but textures are poorGameplay 6.5/10 fun but very frustratingFun 7/10 running around and stabbing people doesnt get too oldEnding 6/10Replayability 6.5/10 I did it and it wasnt terrible for maybe 65 of the time, but otherwise I just wanted it to end.There are other factors by which you can judge a game. I either forgot about them or didnt care to put them in.Everything explained in more detail below. I apologize for the redundancies. no spoilersTLDR I just beat the game. Again. What I stated below still stands. Its an AC title. It runs well but is unpolished. I had a very meh time finishing it twice. It was fun to run around and stab people, but the actual game just honestly wasnt enjoyable. I ONLY recommend this if its on sale and you want to beat it so that you can say youve played and beat every AC game. There are far better AC games out there to play...hell...there are much better games in general to spend your money on.Edit I reread and edited some stuff to reflect my most recent opinions after beating it a second time. Once again, get this game if you care a lot about the AC series and want to experience all the games. I realize that that statement sounds dumb, but with all the hate that AC gets, I feel a lot of people are skeptical about this game or other games but arent big fans of the series. So, if you care, get it. Otherwise, skip it.The Good Story up until the end Lots of stuff to do Customization The level system. You are better suited for certain missions based on armor level and weapon level. Environments look good. Dedicated sneak mode. Cutscenes looked good. Performance What was a terrible gaming experience has turned into a very playable one. No performance issues on my part. Specs i5 4690k no OC lol  GTX 970  8GB RAM  played on an SSDThe Bad Terribly frustrating combat mechanics. You can honestly just tank your way through the game with smoke bombs and a decent weapon if you dont feel like stealthing everywhere. Yes, the combat is clunky and annoying. Yes, there are some decently difficult enemies that get thrown at you, but nothing a smoke bomb cant fix. Guns are not fun when you have a sword. Pretty  textures honestly not that important, but still Microtransactions The ending. I went from really enjoying the story to really hating the story in about 5 seconds. Clunky everything. From movement to combat to entering buildings. Horrendous popin. Modern day stuff seemed to be just filler content without any substance I feel like when you loot enemies, you should have at least a 50 chance of getting your phantom blades back if you fired them.Extra I dont understand why throwing knives arent in every AC game. Why cant we use our fists, or hidden blades as primary weapons? I miss that. Arno and Elise were both very decent characters. They werent bad enough to take away from the game but they werent good enough to make the game better. Perk system. I dont know how I feel about it. I am not a huge fan of how it works in this AC game.It seems that Ubisoft has trouble finding the right formula for an AC game. Each one seems to have something great but huge drawbacks. I havent played Syndicate so hopefully that one is better, but Ill have to find out myself. Who knows, maybe AC Origins will be pretty good.Unpopular opinionAC1 and the Ezio games remain the best of the AC series. Then AC U  Black Flag  Rogue  3I have not yet played Syndicate. I stated that AC U  Black Flag simply because Black Flag is a ing pirate game. A game that exists because Ubisoft found out how much everyone loved the ship combat from AC3. Yes, Black Flag is a better game than AC U. But AC U is a better Assassins Creed game. obviously IMOIf you disagree with anything in this review or something I stated was wrong, please let me know and share your opinion below.