I took my chances and bought this game knowing its never ending story of bugs and plain gameplay.First of all, Id like to say that Im in fact a fan of the series. Ive played every single Assassins Creed except for Syndicate. I like the games, so this might influence my point of view regarding this review.Performance I dont have an awesome computer. I played Black Flag upon release and the game did not run smoothly at all. Suprisingly enough, Ubisoft has made some big improvements to this game in particular. I had a solid framerate on high settings, practically no game breaking bugs that could hinder my experience and hardly no crashes, only a few upon launching the game and only once did I have to restart the game because I had gotten stuck. However, thanks to the checkpoints, I didnt lose anything. Great job Ubisoft, you managed to partially fix a game which everyone said was unplayable.Game mechanics If you are coming from any previous AC, youll gave no surprises when it comes to climbing mechanics. Furthermore, combat has been greatly improved. We finally have difficult combat in which you can and certainly will die if you dont play your cards well. Avoiding being detected is almost never a requirement anymore, but youll try to meet that requirement anyway, since facing 57 guards its quite the task. Still, the game was not thaaat hard, but I like how theyve improved combat.Missions Not that many tail missions Yay! and a lot of assassination ones, which I LOVED. You can have practically any approach to them you can be offensive and get into big fights, taking guards one by one without being detected or maybe just climb your way to a secret entrance and kill only your main target. I found this missions really enjoyable, and there are quite lot of them. Great job Ubisoft!Story Big part of this game. I liked it. I wanted to keep on playing every time I finished a mission and that tells a lot, specially after games such as AC3. France atmosphere, the revolution, Assassins and Templars, romance. Well, its got a nice set of resources to tell a good story. I think it delivers. Is it too linear? Maybe, but I still enjoyed it. I only focused on the main missions and took me 16 hours, which is a decent amount of time. I still have plenty of other content to go through. If I had to compare this to others Assassins Creeds, Id say its at the level of AC4 or Revelations.Map and lore Paris is beautiful. Its been done perfectly with the people and their clothing, the famous buildings, the events on history, riots, revolutionaries against loyals to the crown, rich and poor areas, etc. If you want immersion, Id definitely recommend you read the biographies and pieces of information that they give you of every place, itll be worth your time.Conclusion I bought it for 10 USD and its a nice deal. Full price, nah, but what game is worth its full price nowadays? If you are thinking on buying it but you are afraid of performance issues, dont worry. Pay attention to the next sale and buy it. 