In a nutshell fun, but mediocre overall and not something Id recommend to a friend.PROS Fun to play Swords and spears are cool Character customizationCONS Story/plot and voice acting Framerate Character animations Online elements Ubisoft and UplayThe story, like every Assassins Creed game yet, is horrible. The voice acting, like every Assassins Creed game yet and, to be fair, most every other game, is also horrible. But at least the story isnt as incomprehensible as Metal Gear and the voice acting isnt as monotonous as previous AC games, so you can look past both and try to enjoy the game beneath.The thing is, Im not sure what this game is supposed to be. Am I meant to sneak through the shadows, violently striking my opponents and then vanishing like some awesome ghost or am I meant to take on opponents in open battle, slicing them down with as few strikes as possible like some awesome samurai? I think were supposed to have both options, but in attempting to give the player the choice, Ubisoft has dumbed both down, making neither a viable option for any given situation. The stealth mechanics are rudimentary  stay out of the enemys lineofsight, crouch to reduce noise, and hide in crowds or hay bales which can apparently safely catch a person falling from a dozen stories up or more. The combat is fun, but with icons over enemys heads to tell you when to do what, you end up in a sort of GuitarHeromode, pressing buttons when you see the right colour rather than reacting to what the AI is doing. Also, there seems to be some vague levelling mechanic which inexplicably allows some enemies to kill you instantly even if you do parry/dodge at the right time.The parkour and climbing elements have gotten more absurd than ever, with Arno seemingly capable of human flight and changing his direction midair. The first Assassins Creed was very good at making the player a great climber and runner while also not making you into a superhero. It seems like Ubisoft tried to make the movements more fluid, but in doing so, made the character sluggish and vague. The parkour mechanic is not easy to implement, though, so perhaps its not entirely the developers fault that its so jarringly unrealistic. The combat animations also suffer from vagueness and imprecision, though, which they should have been able to nail pretty well.And now for the technical issues. I have a Core i73770, 32GB ram, a GTX 680MX, a 1440p monitor, and an SSD. Even with the solid state drive, loading times are unacceptably long. I avoid changing missions or scenes, and I cant complete the training because you have to load and unload a new location every time. I also cant get a framerate above 25 on the lowest settings at my native resolution. I can play most new games at full 1440p resolution with my graphics card and even turn on a few postprocessing effects, but Unity runs like a threelegged dog. To get an acceptable framerate, I have to play at 1080p with almost all settings at low, and while its passable, Im frustrated because theres no reason it shouldnt run better.I enjoy singleplayer games almost exclusively. It allows me to play at my own slower pace I call it contemplative, immerse myself in the games world, and avoid immature teenagers and tweakers. This is sold as a singleplayer game with multiplayer elements, but they push the coop mode and internet features so hard I dont think Ill be able to avoid them. The game even sent me an email, and it keeps telling me about the benefits of the companion app for my phone. About half of all the weaponry and equipment are locked for nononline players. The freemium influence is also really obvious, and I find it inappropriate and obnoxious. Uplay has really gotten out of the way recently, though, so thats good. Honestly, with the amount of vitriol that piece of crap gets, youd think Ubisoft would have the sense to kill it off. Or, I guess, given the companys reputation, its exactly what you would expect.I like playing Unity, but I dont think its very good and I wouldnt recommend it to anyone. These AAA titles end up being like all those vapid action movies Hollywood pumps out every summer big on style, but sorely lacking substance. The technical issues which still exist over a year after its release, and which Ubisoft seems to have decided to ignore in perpetuity, make it worth about 1/3 the asking price. 