Update July 31 2015With an updated driver and lowest setting my performance is fine. Its still obvious there are a lot bugs not graphics related but most arent game breaking, those that are come rarely.Story  The story is solid, nothing spectacular or new, but its solid and the characters are just interesting enough to finish the story.City Huge and Deep. This is the highlight, the city is huge and with the inclusion of interiors there is a lot more added depth to every aspect.Gameplay  Stealth and parkour have been tweaked for the better overall, still some trouble jumping through windows while free running but now that going down is just as easy as going up movemnet through the city is easier.CoOp  Great, the only downside is that it may be difficult to find people for particular missions, but there is usually a mission available whenever.Notes on older reviews  The App and external programs arent required anymore to get anything in game. So from the start there are a ton of chests and goodies available.Overall  If you are a fan of the series its definately worth it if you think you can run it. If you arent its not a bad place to start, but you might prefer to get it on sale if its not your kind of game. 7/10 mostly negative due to poor design around apps and rushed buggy delivery, but those have been fixed for the most partOriginal June 7 2015Short Bugs, better have a great PC, if not play Rouge.Long  Over 6 months later its still a buggy mess. A game should at least be able to run at 30 fps on the lowest settings with the min requirements. If you arent sure if your PC will run it, it probably wont, and if it does, not really well. If youve invested in the latest and greatest or just happen to have a setup they optimized for than good for you, no sarcasm, please enjoy. The rest of us are going to have to wait until they fix the remaining bugs.Im not bashing on the game itself, or even Ubisofts developers, if anyone is to blame its the producers who try to push games out in annual cycles not understanding the hurdles of good programming. I waited for a good sale before I finally bought the game, and only because it was with AC Rouge. AC Rouge is the game you want if you arent sure about specs, its not anything revolutionary gameplaywise for the series but the story is great and the gameplay is solid.AC Unity is beautiful though. even with medium and low graphic setting there is a lot of detail, I think there in lies the problem, too many resurces are spent on things not wholey necessary, and it drags down FPS even at the lowest settings. I can play it with the same FPS at the highest setting, the only difference are the visuals. Im usually not even picky about FPS, Im cool with a consistent 20, but this game isnt consistent enough to make me comfortable.So yeah, Im taking a break from this game, hopefully they continue to patch it and it improves within the next 3 months. I dont mind waiting for a better PC or for them to patch it, but if they dont I likely wont buy any future games they release in this state. 