Assassins creed unity, with its poor launch and multiple glitches, is in fact the best game of the year in my opinion.Hearing of all the performance issues from others, I was a bit worried when buying this game. Unsure whether I got really really lucky, I was able to play this game just fine.My specsi5 4670k  4.4ghz8gb ddr3 ramGTX 970 OC edition from Asus.I have been running this game like a dream. Averaging around 55 fps with all settings at highest besides aa. I realize that many people have been struggling to hit even 10fps with near super computers which is definately an issue to be fixed. With that being said I will now give my opinion on what I think of the game so far, starting with the cons of the game itsself, and not of the performance. I believe that this will be the best game of the year if Ubisoft can get back on their feet and slow down a bit.ConsEnemy ai can be a bit funny sometimes, such as an enemy following you halfway across Paris even if youre miles away.A texture pops in a little more than I would like to see in a AAA game.Pause menus are a little laggy at times.I have heard others complain of the long loading times, although I dont experience anything more than about 20 seconds.Obviously those are just my cons as Im sure others would find many more than I did. I am not a fanboy of this series, I have only owned Assassins creed 2 and 4, and I loved both of them. With that out of the way, now the Pros.ProsParis...This city is stunning, the shadows, reflections, textures, everything is simply breathtaking, I believe that this game has jumped the gap between Last and Next gen gaming, truly maximizing the visuals to something weve never seen in a game.The new combat system is a very...very good jump from Black flag, instead of pressing 2 keys counterattack I am now finding myself forced to use more stealth simply for the fact of it being impossible to face an army like in past games.The story, without spoiling too much, Arno is pretty much a disrespectful, cocky young man who finds it hard to respect well?....anyone. The story is longer than any story Ive played in the series with enough side missions to keep you occupied for a good year or two.The new parkour engine is very well done, making transitions smoother and more fluid. As any game though, your character tends to grab the wrong window when you need to make that fast escape resulting in a lot of anger at times.The accessability. Simply stunning, 1 out of 4 homes is fully accessable and furnished with even the tiniest details such as silverware. It is things like these that Truly immerse people the most, making it feel just a little closer to actually being there.The character customization is very well done. I was a bit sceptical at first but I love being able to make my own truly unique assassins when playing with friends.The multiplayer. From what I have played of it, It is very well made and seamless. Being able to play with 4 people in a sandbox the size of Paris is simply incredible. This should hold me over till GTA V in terms of free roaming.So thats about it, I probably sounded biased in the Pros but those were just the things that I personally enjoyed. I wish I could give it a full 10 stars but for the bad release that many experienced I will be giving it a 9/10. This game is like nothing weve seen before, truly utilizing the power of next gen to bring us a game that is well worth the 60. I hope I didnt offend anyone in this, I simply saw all the worthless reviews going around and felt like people should know the REAL facts about the games.