Im a hardcore fan of the AC series and was skeptical to believe all the negative reviews. So let me just say that I HATE THIS GAME! Let me tell you what you are getting when you purchase Assassins Creed Unity. You will get a reskinned Assassins Creed 1 game, down to just having one hidden blade and no horses in the whole of Paris. Let me repeat myself NOT A ING HORSE IN SUCKING SIGHT. The parkour feels like it has devovled from the pass AC games. Why the hell cant I jump from one wall to another? Is that yet anoter skill I have to buy with one of four in game currencies. Haha, Customization is cool in a game but Ubisoft went way over board with this one. But thats not the most annoying thing in  the game aside from the most abisomal controls you will ever have the delight of dealing with. Sometimes I think the game is playing itself. But back to the most annoying part of ths abomonation of a videogame is that every bad guy has a gun and they leave you with no way whatsoever to dodge or block bullets. So each shot is a guarantee hit unless you run behind a wall or in a crowd of Parisians in which the guards will shoot most citizens point blank. Really Ubisoft? Really? You couldnt have tightened the AI a bit so the soldiers dont shoot the citizens.I can imagine how this game was made. Someone at Ubisoft was given a ridiculous deadline in which to finish the new AC game. Naturally they have run out of story ideas, so the genious decides hey why not semi reboot the series with the game mechanics of AC 1 and the story of AC 2 and shoe horn in some Muliplayer? Well since the higher ups think their fan base are dumb sheep who will eat anything with theAC branding on it up with a spoon and decide its the best idea in the whle wide world. Unfortunately they negleted to over look the fact that one of the main reasons their customer base plays these games is for the historical experience and in fact wethe fan base are quite intelligent. SO naturally the fan base beigin revolting like the French citizens in their game and suddenly everything comes to light..... Ubisoft is Abstergo and in fact trying to sabotage the Assassins by putting out incompitent videogames like ones that take place in Paris but regardless the people have perfect victorian age accents, they even go as far as having different accents from the UK such as Scottish and North Irish. I mean if thats not a slap to the face. I mean come on UBISOFT I know Canada Still pays tribute to the queen but this was just tasteless. I sincerely hope the team that made this garbage. Lets just say if this game was a crepe nobody would eat it.