Even if youre like me Rich, and fall for the awesome character customizations, weapons, and the whole appeal of this game, its still not worth the money. It took me a lot of work to make it playable without stuttering and lagging. Yet it still occasionally freezes and bugs out. I was in the middle of something when I was randomly thrown into what appeared to be a coop mission, where everyone else ran around so fast I couldnt understand what was going on. The movement is worse than before, as the game just does everything for you as you mash the attack button, jump button and run button.As for the story, as the main reason I got the game It started out interesting, and I really liked the plot and especially the main characters personality, but the game just threw us two years ahead in time, and youre supposed to already be a skilled assassin with no chance to train yourself before the big fights. And youre not even able to progress in the story because you HAVE to increase your skills and become better, because they make the storymissions more and more difficult, with difficultylevels. This means Ito do sidequests and the like when all I want is to progress and finish the story instead of using hours to explore the uninteresting and confusing city that has the same appearance everywhere.In the last mission I played, I was given the task to find my own way into a place to assassinate a guy. After a lot of troubling around with no help from the eaglevision, I managed to get inside. But once there, I tried over and over and over again but theres no way to escape from those guards when they keep spraying you down with their guns.The game is poorly optimized so it runs really slow. Setting the graphics down to minimum does help, but then the graphic is so bad you might as well go play Assassins Creed 2, which is a much better game. Ubisoft disappointed me big time on this one. I wouldnt be surprised if the reason for this is because they keep making AC game after AC game so fast that they dont take their time to polish them at all. They just make a heap of lowbudget games and sweep in the cash. Besides, Ubisoft is famous for their antiAMD games after they teamed up with Nvidia to maketheir cards work well with the games, and no other cardscoming from an Nvidiauser. But now, not even my Nvidia card works well with this game. Theres probably someone whos getting a good experience out of this game, but I sure as heck aint one of them. 