It could have been one of the best, if not the best, Assassins Creed yet.I had no problems with the performance on day 1 even, but the game just itself isnt worth 60//whatever. Maybe on sale.Lets get to the review before this is longer than the LoTR trilogyUp and down parkour works sometimes perfectly, and would be perfect addition to AC series, but it is about luck. Arno will not follow your orders at all sometimes. Even in the new cover system, Arno will choose the cover he prefers over the cover you chose, and is very clunky. The counter button does not everytime work, Arnos decision not yours, so you will die every now and then, because it was Arnos wish to die.Combat took a massive leap backwards, it was better in AC3 and that should be saying something. The counters dont work, as I said, but not the biggest problem. The biggest problem is the gunshots. You cannot counter them, you cannot always dodge them, and they can happen even when you are in middle of finishing move. Yeah, and two or three shots is enough to kill you when you have max health.A rare plus here tho I like how when one enemy sees you, they dont have shared vision anymore, so the rest dont. The enemies are individuals, and not controlled by some overmind.Ubi advertised their new customization a ton, but the truth is, it doesent change anything all that much, expect belts more ammo wich were in previous ACs too. They are mostly cosmetic changes, and there are only 3 or 4 different armors, and the rest change just one button of the shirt or so. Then there are the good looking ones, but you have to compete in Club Competetive to win those. And even after that you have to save a ton of money to get it, or you could always hack it with hack currency that you buy with real money. Yeah, a pay to play pay to win game.What did I like about the game tho? The small, very small, customization and the up and down parkour as ideas, seemless enterable buildings and the new assassination missions. If Assassins Creed is going into this RPG direction, I feel it is the right one. And playing with friends is almost always more fun than alone. Just ditch this seemless multiplayer crap, it ruins singleplayer for the singleplayers and multiplayer for the multiplayers.I hope that Assassins Creed will go the original Tomb Raider path, that another studio would buy the series, and make the series what Assassins Creed used to be.