ALL PLAY DONE ON PATCH 4I started a drunken bar brawl and lost my favorite pocket watch. Instead of learning from my lesson and that the pocket watch was the price paid I killed three to four dozen guys to get the watch back. Setting me up for lifelong success.UPDATE Now that Ive finished the main story line, some thoughts.I still recommend the game if you have the system to run it and like the series, however its one of the weakest in the series.For reference I ran the game at 1920x1080 with graphics maxd and rarely had a performance issue i73770, 16GB RAM, GTX 970 4GB RAM, 64GB SDD as a cache on top of a 1TB drive. Was this top notch FPS? No it wasnt, I think every Assassins Creed is a bit of a slog, but the performance wasnt bad at all, it was consistently good enough to pretty much never distract from the experience.Anyways onto the game itself City itself is incredible visually, its a shame the main story line doesnt take you to the southern areas to help break up the visuals. You never really get into the character, as such I developed my own thoughts about who and what the character believed in. Only to then get into scripted sequences where my character would act out of line with my perception of who Ive developed him to be. This makes for a bad experience. Why does this happen? There are three reasons I think1 Not enough time is spent developing the character into an assassin. Just one day you are one, and you can do some pretty crazy stuff right from day one. Missed opportunity to grow the character here.2 All your equipment upgrades and skill upgrades are simply a function of hitting ESC and purchasing them from a menu when you have the resources. Huge missed opportunity here to force interactions between the character and his peers here help flesh him out as well as the backstory.3 Some of the main story available to help fill in who the character is and why hes doing what hes doing come in the form of letters delivered to your home. However there is no notification when a letter arrives. It was only at the conclusion of the game that I became aware that there were a stack of letters to read because the area theyre placed in you have little reason to visit.These are all things Black Flag does MUCH MUCH better, its a shame to see such a step back. Ignore the folks complaining about MTX, the MTX in this game can be completely ignored. First upgrade your base in Paris as fast as possible, between the income you generate with it and by simply collecting chests, cockades, and completing crowd events while you travel to story missions youll quickly have almost top tier equipment. This is another area of game imbalance. Within 46 hours of playing the game I had gear that was so much better than the content I was being provided that it made combat largely a joke until the very end of the game. It also made weapon and armor rewards from most quests totally irrelevant and made the benefit of doing the quests seem nil. Gear progression is very poorly thought out and the game experience suffers for it Disclaimer I did come into the game with some level of rewards already from playing previous games in the series, Im not sure how much this impacted the experience. Locked Chests, Initiate Chests, Nomad Chests  all of these make for a horrible experience. Two reasons1 Right off the bat theyre visible on your minimap, so youre inclined to go and try to collect them. What happened to buying maps that add this info to your ingame map? This AC standard is nowhere to be seen and would help gate map clutter.2 Once you find a chest and realize youre not able to open it theres nothing added to your information that allows you to note that it cant be opened currently. Once you approach a locked chest it should be noted on your map in some fashion what level the chest is. Initiate Chests should only become available/visible once youve reached the appropriate initiate level. There should be an option to hide Nomad Chests or some sort of filtering if you dont want to play the companion mobile app its unclear if these chests count towards  complete or not Normal chests behind locked doors, these are really dickish. Shouldnt be done, or the level of the locked door should be added to your map information. High level chests on low level story missions, you spend 3/4th of the game doing story quests and while on them generally at some point passing by chests you cant unlock. Very frustrating, locked chests encountered on story missions should be at a skill level you could open at that point in the story. I eventually conditioned myself to never approach a locked chest until I had maxd my lockpick level. Climbing  all the new moves/animations when climbing are awesome. However there are many times Arno found hand holds where none appear to be present and many more times I saw places that looked like obvious hand holds that I couldnt get Arno to use. BUG There appears to be a bug that if you ledge kill someone you then cant climb up onto said ledge until you move somewhere else then move back, then attempt to climb up onto the ledge. This made many badass entrances into a room a lot less so as Arno fumbles around. Disconnect Sometimes Arno will leap incredible distances from one roof top to another, very inhuman distances covered, yet hell not do the same when trying to air assassinate someone. Frustrating. Double Air Assassinations are too hard to pull off. There are times it appears obvious you will get one to instead only get one guy. Crowd Events  I liked these, but they are too frequent. Many times they crop up when they shouldnt, these should be suppressed when on a story mission. Theres no ingame way to preview the rewards for completing the crowd events. Also sometimes these come off silly  ex a thug is literally killing a citizen in front of some guards and the guards only react once the citizen is dead, not at the point the thug starts attacking. AI  The AI is horrible, you can make a mockery of just about any mission. Fighting piles of guards while others not too far away dont even recognize a fight has occurred. Enemy NPCs are able to identify you entirely too easy sometimes. Sometimes itd be just the top of my head visible over a rooftop or through two sets of windows and itd set a guard off. Guards not aware of or responding to crowds of citizens fleeing the scene of a murder.SPOILER Perhaps my favorite of all was an early mission where a bonus objective was to kill a guy in a confessional booth. I killed three of his guards literally right outside the confessional booth. He inspected each one, thought nothing of it and stepped into the confessional booth. These are the Templar that have somehow almost taken over France?SPOILER Second favorite was when I was to assassinate La Touch while he was at the Gallows. There were a ton of guards and a very large crowd about. In the course of removing all the perimeter guards I managed to scare away almost all of the crowds. However the guards and La Touch up on the guillotine platform were none the wiser. People were running to and fro to avoid the massacre. Eventually cleared enough of the crowd out that thugs assaulting citizens and pickpockets stealing womens purses started to spawn right in the middle of the mission area. The whole thing was a giant circus.SPOILER The Disguise skill is such a copout. You can disguise yourself as the final boss and walk right up to his face and stab him  RIDICULOUS!In general through a combination of the poor AI, spotty mission design and my impatience with ACUs rough edges the game was less Assassins Creed and more Murder Everyone Creed, more so than any previous AC. Was still largely entertaining however and looked fantastic. 