Im not gonna tell you if youre going to purchase this game or not, but this review might give you a little insight of if the game is worth the money or not.Only curious about certain things in the game? This review is sorted in different departments, just look for the title you want to know more about.The story in Unity is short and repeating. Most missions are just like eachother just with different locations, difficulties and environment. The story is 12 sequences long, without spoiling anything and what keeps the rating up in my opinion is the ending. It is catching and both fun  sad at the same time.Graphics in this game are amazing tho u might experience some glitches throughout the game, like a man whos feet have been minimized to the max. Not much to say about it, they are very nice imo.Its fun to fight and kill people in this game, the variety of weapons makes it even better and while fighting you doesnt only spam left mouse button and right mouse button, its also about dodging, shooting/quick shooting, stunning your enemies and parrying their attacks. Tho the game doesnt always do as you wish, and it doesnt always dodge when you want it to.If you played other assassins creed you already know what it is like. Tho this game likes to get you stuck for example when youre gonna drop down from something or want to jump to a different location but instead it jumps in another direction, ye it is annoying sometimes when you are chasing someone on the rooftops. Otherwise it is lots of fun, and that is one of the things that makes this game so special.And ofcourse there is the bugs in this game, all games have their bugs and glitches, but this game, this game beats them all other games in that... Ofc it is not as bad as it was on release but sometimes it is really annoying, like when you get spotted through the walls by guards and you gotta restart because you ed up or when you knock out a guard and again you get spotted by that guard. Or when you randomly fall through the ground and you have to reload it again.. Ofc there are more bugs that I didnt mention but if you are one of those persons who loves assassins creed and think that you can deal with bugs. Go ahead, it is a great game.Compared to other Assassins Creed games this one is definately not the best. It has no crafting system at all like in Black flag and so on, which I liked in my opinion. Tho in unity different armor pieces gives you different hp, range, ammo, dmg and so on in all eternity. Tho I think that if you enjoyed other Assassins Creed I think that you can enjoy this if you only give it a chance to prove itself. I didnt like it in the beginning neither but a bit further in the game I enjoyed it more and more so it is definately worth giving this game a go.Found this review good or helpful? Consider giving it a thumbs up! 