It frustrates me how bad this game is. The few good things I can say about this pale in comparison to all the bad things Im constantly reminded of in the story and gameplay.Good thingsThey overhauled the combat system. Ever since Revelations the combat in AC has been a total joke as no matter what strength of weapon you had you could just kill streak every enemy with the exception of brutes or captains and have no problem in combat. The new combat system is a nice idea, HOWEVER, the way it was executed could have been better. most of the times you have to wait for someone to attack you before you can actually do anything, and the parry system can be pretty  at times.Back to one hidden blade. This may just be a personal thing for me, but Ezio getting the double hidden blades was really cool. Connor, Edward, and Shay also getting the double hidden blades was not so much. It was even made a point by one Templar in AC4 that two hidden blades was the standard, when it really should only be one. Im glad Arno only had access to one hidden blade, HOWEVER later you can still unlock double assassinations, and they are so frustrating to execute with you having to be perfectly between two guards or youll just end up killing one and alerting the other.Up and Down Parkour Ever get frustrated when youre trying to dismount a building and you end up leaping off and desynchronizing? I sure do. In this game you have the ability to parkour up buildings and then have a controlled descent down them. A nice touch, I dont really have any complaints about this one.Bad thingsThe story in general. Its Arno and Elise are just not interesting characters. The plot has next to nothing to actually do with the French Revolution, much unlike Connor and the American Revolution. Meanwhile theres nothing going in present day either. All you are is some random person along with hundreds of other Initiates.Stealth is a joke. After around sequence 4 I got so bored with the game I just wanted to finish it as quickly as possible. Most of the time I found I could just sneak past everything with a disguise ability that makes no sense and is really stupid, or I could just charge through a restricted area and throw smoke bombs everywhere, assassinate my target, and run. It gives you all these little side opportunities for infiltration or distraction, but none of them are necessary at all. Not to mention there are hardly any optional objectives to stay undetected or out of combat.Nothing new. There are absolutely no new things they added to this game. All they did was take things out. There arent even Brotherhood/Fleet missions to do on the side. All you can do is CoOp, which brings me to another point.CoOp. Its pointless and None of the missions have anything to do with the CoOp mechanic. The Heist missions you can easily do by yourself, and the regular CoOp missions are boring and short. I had a bit of fun with the CoOp for a while, but you quickly run out of missions and end up with nothing to do.Gadgets. At the end of sequence 3 you unlock the Phantom Blade, which is essentially just a glorified crossbow with terrible range. Thats the only new gadget in the game. All the others are just previous gadgets or things only meant for CoOp, like group healing or a cache for group resupply. For a game with an entirely new engine its really sad that this game added less to the series then Rogue added to AC4 as practically a half AC title on the same engine.I could go on, but I just dont want to talk about this game anymore. This adds nothing to the AC series and can be completely skipped outright. 