The mess at launch ruined everyones perspective of this game. Despite a few flaws here and there, its still a great game. The graphics are absolutely stunning, and with all the graphics and FPS issues patched, it couldnt get better. The new engine revamps the parkour mechanics, which were already great, but its definitely an improvement. Theres far more control over where the character goes and there fewer instances where hes climbs something I didnt want him to. The new combat is far more enjoyable than the old one and theres no more Mash CounterAttack to Win.The flaws start showing up with the story and characters. The story feels quicker than the older games, but this isnt a major issue cause its still long enough. However, the main issue I have with this game is the characters, primarily the main character, Arno. Similar to prior AC characters, his main motivation stems from a tragic incident. But with minimal introduction to any of these characters, including Arno, by the time the incident occurs, I simply cannot sympathize with the characters in any way that Ubisoft would hope I would. Yet, Arno is still a likeable character  far more likeable than Connor from AC3. But there seems to be minimal development of his character shown in the game itself it feels like you have to just assume he changed. If you play the first and last few missions of the game within a short amount of time, youll definitely see the differences, but you dont witness the development of his character first hand. This is something I think AC2 did best. Witnessing Ezio go from immature young adult to hardened Assassin was the best part of that story for me, and this game lacked that element. Arno seems like a more matured character by the end, but I couldnt point how he developed  he just did.Overall, the game is great for just about anyone. The beautiful graphics coupled with an intuitive engine make the game incredibly fun to just explore and dive into. The story, while interesting, lacks certain elements that would make it stand out like some of the earlier games Ezio trilogy comes to mind here. Unless youre looking for a truly compelling and moving story, this game is amazing and Id definitely recommend it.