This is honestly the first game Ive ever thought merited a review, for a number of reasons. I have to give this game an incredibly mixed review. There are several things that made me love the game, and got me excited for it, but other things that were honestly a little unbearable. Full disclosure, I have not yet finished this game, and am currently debating whether to even finish it, due to what follows.But first, the good. I thought there were several fantastic improvements introduced in this game just in terms of gameplay and mechanics. I LOVED the fact that they a sneak mode was introduced Im an assassin and youre telling me I CANT sneak???. On that point, the cover option was also great. Both of these things made the gameplay much more believable and realistic, making it an enticing game. I also very much liked the level of customization, in which you can buy certain skills while neglecting others, and purchase a wide array of equipment and weapons that will enhance certain skills. All of these things have made me enjoy this game a great deal. BUT.The glitchyness of this game is horrendous. The mechanics at times are just an utter failure. I recently played one of the main missions and literally three times in a row I died because I couldnt escape due to inoperable mechanics. It really didnt bother me too much toward the beginning of the game, but as Ive played more and more and the missions get harder, it has become much more of a problem. The combat itself also gets super glitchy, especially when there are allies fighting with you. As someone who very much enjoys games that are believable, that make me feel like Im really there, this was a huge problem for me. Maybe the worst part is knowing that its totally needless. Black Flag by no means was perfect in this regard, but the difference is hugely noticeable. A real dropped ball.The overarching story is interesting, but the individual missions are pretty predictable if youve played any of the other games. Ive been a huge fan of AC games from the very beginning, and very much enjoyed Black Flag, so its honestly super disappointing to have to write this review. If youve been a fan of the games, and you dont have to pay too much for the game, I would recommend playing through it for the experience of the new optics and such, but I certainly cant say youre going to love it. 