Despite these negative reviews, I found the game appealing... just not in the same way the others were. Ive played through the game, and finished the campaign without too much issue.This game was finished, but not as I, or most would prefer to use the word. The developers succeeded in creating an incredibly amount of content and side missions, each with their own story and for the most part they arent bugged. However, the quality of many parts of the game especially the coop is severely lacking. I cannot even play the game with Uplay in online mode or else it crashes which I suspect is a bug grown from the Online off the top of my head, Id say it might be an issue with an anticheat system going awry. When I said this game was finished, I didnt say it was perfect or necessarily ready for release. Im running on an AMD R9 270x without SLI or any of that, I have to comment that the quality is easily less than standard and some areas are strangely more buggy than others for reasons I cant quite describe For example regardless of the crowd size, I get between 1925 frames per second, which keeps me near the number required for me to perceive true motion, but when I go to the cafe I drop down to 1520.The story was something else, it was far from overwhelming, it didnt make me feel like an assassin, and it certainly didnt live up to my expectations of an Assassins Creed game. Im sorry Ubisoft, but you just didnt pull off what I was expecting. Now, when I said it was something else that really should be thought about. It wasnt like the others and wasnt very incredible, but it wasnt bad. I knew what was happening and was able to follow my characters story well enough to get a grip of the situations and even felt sort of cool at times. My issue with the campaign is that its short, ridiculously short. Im following Arno Dorian across his search for vengeance, and there are times where I just dont know whats happening but not as often as people emphasize, and times where its really tugging at my heart chords but for gods sake Ubisoft, never make a game that short again! Ubisoft sacrificed their story in favor of multiplayer which honestly isnt something Im thrilled about, seeing as I cant even use multiplayer until hopefully the next patch... maybe.To finalize, the graphics were insane, they blew me away. The story was underwhelming, short, andme off sometimes but it wasnt bad. There is a plethora of bugs that need to be addressed but nothing inherently game breaking. Game play itself is very fun but you really need to get a hang of the controls before you start going where you want to and not jumping up every damn wall and there is an insane amount of sidequests and other content to occupy your time, not just flags or feathers like some of the predecessors made the mistake of forcing us to collect. Multiplayer was incredibly fun, I loved it and cant wait to have it back because it was easily the best part of the game even if I am somewhat mad at it overshadowing the story... a lot. Back to bugs, there are a lot regarding multiplayer, Ive had to leave countless matches for getting stuck in between buildings caught hanging under a roof that was merged with another building. Performance issues are no joke, they are debilitating but if youre not one to pay too much attention to them, then theres not much of an issue seeing as they rarely drop below 18 and tend to hover around the mid20s on my rig which is maybe a midlevel rig in terms of quality. Id say its a must buy, as a game alone it is incredible and really fun, with way more features than the other games... just a good number more bugs to accompany that. Buy it if youre a fan, but you probably shouldnt play it like a fan, or at least wait until the next patch comes out before making a big decision.Thanks for your time!