My PCi7 3770GTX 77032GB RAMWin 7 ProAvg FPS high 40sGame is absolutely stunning in detail. Paris isand will take days if not weeks to cover every single part of it. The fluid movement of going from outside to inside with no cutscenes or loading times is also a major improvement over the other AC games. It will be nice to take the time aside from the main missions just to go exploring. Ive only been to the Paris airport but would love to have gone to the actual city.Ive not had many major issues, just a few annoyances like friends who cant take no for an answer as why you dont want to play coop in the game. I at the time had just started the game and wasnt far enough in the story to even bother with playing coop. I actually have to work for a living to pay my bills and Im also on US central standard time, so my time is different. Im glad that mics arent used in this game.Walking too close to a coop mission and then getting stuck with having to view cutscenes, etc. until you can finally cancel out of it.Having to accumulate points to upgrade skills. How exactly do you get these points and how many do you need to finish the game? Will you be able to max out everything or have to pick and choose how you want to play?Controls are still awful but having gotten better than the other AC games. Free running is nice until the character climbs up something and then gets stuck. Im going to assume my PC specs should be the minimum requirements as Im still having to adjust what works and what doesnt. Nvidia has posted a guideline for their cards, but Im taking it as a place to start. Even doing the very minimums dont improve framerate.If your computer has similar specs to mine, then you should be able to play it. Ive not had major issues with anything but a few occassional hiccups. I am hoping that if Ubisoft does patch it then I should be able to run it better than I am now.Pros a wild twist to add a more modern Paris to the game, and a more manageable way to make money.Cons cover to cover doesnt work at all, but swap cover while in a doorway does work. Recommended settings for my GPU have now been downgraded to low. This means that anything less that a GTX 770 will probably choke on the game. Sword fighting in this game is highly annoying, as is being accurately shot at. I may have to switch clothes and just go for the health instead of stealth.Shooting with the phantom blade/guns is also annoying as you have to line up the shot instead of highlighting the enemy and shooting.Men ing at you if you come within 3m of their precious chest even when youre minding your own business. 