Okay I get that Unity tanked at its release due to massive performance issues, but if you look past the issues and give the game a go after they were able to patch most of the issues in recent updates I think it is a really good entry to the series. I know the majority may not agree with me, and I certainly am not trying to say that Ubisoft and everything they put out is perfect but as a die hard fan of the franchise since the beginning I have to say I was satisfied with the game. And I think it is important to note that they recognized that they messed up with the release of Unity and responded with an apology AND made the first DLC free, which contained a whole new sequence, a new city to explore, and a variety of weapons to use in the game and I think that thats wonderful.As for the series itself I know many people are saying it is the same game over and over again, and I think that the Far Cry series may begin to suffer from that as well, but I can look past that. While each Assassins creed game at its core is pretty much the same, I feel like there is always enough of whatever is new in the game to keep me entertained. For instance Unity changed the combat again, it is the same mechanics but it is much harder than any other AC game before, you cannot take on an entire army of soldiers, you can comfortably take on around 23, any more gets really hard. Unless you have the special sword at the end. Bottom line is, Ubisoft has given us quite the Franchise, a Franchise that can go in so many ways and directions, there are so many time periods left unexplored that have so much potential, and i want to see those periods explored and I want to see where the series goes, provided Ubisoft avoids the problems that they have had in the past.In my honest opinion, I think that Ubisofts biggest problem is that they are supposedly always working on two AC games at once, one at Montreals studio and one somewhere else I forgot they have a lot of offices i think. And I think that causes dissorginization within the company and that they should relax, take there time, and put games out there more slowely so that they themselves have time to reflect on the feedback from the previous game. Bottom line is I am really hoping that Syndicate puts them back on the rise, and addresses all the complaints the fans have had up to this point. I hope the series stays succesful. 