If you are an AC fan, you will love and hate this game.First thing to consider is  What performance specs does your computer have? Second, have you been keeping up on your computers maintenance?This game requires a lot of performance from your computer. If you are not keeping up on the maintenance and have too many background processes running, you will run into drops in FPS and stickiness. You might even encounter issues with online connectivity. You have to be very careful to adjust your computers settings to aid in a resolution in this issue.Keep in mind, Ubisoft is not a part of Steam. In their forums they give you a list of troubleshoot steps to follow to correct any online connection issues. Being they have nothing to do with Steam, follow their walkthrough verbatim. However, do not disable Steam or any Steam services.My Machine runs an AMD FX 9590. 24GB DDR3 Xfactor Self cooling RAM. A single GTX 970X GPU. Middle end Asus system board. ACX Cylinder Cooling. My computer runs this game without issues  in terms of FPS and standard performance. My computer is well over their System Requirements. Because my HDD is slowing and only a SATA2 3.5Gbs, the load screens take a little while to load. Which will be corrected when I load my SSD.My sons computer is running an AMD A10 33xxsomething. 8GB DDR3 standard RAM. An AMD Sapphire R9 270x. Stock MSI Jasmine System Board. Dual fan cooling ACX in GPU. 6Gbs HDD. His computer will sometimes drop FPS or appear to slow down. He plays with low/medium graphics quality. His computer falls within range on their Minimum System Requirements. However, his load screens are quicker loading then mine. Though, we have tested his HDD to mine, and his is much faster.I am a Computer Technician by trade. My son is learning. Both of our systems remain optimized and tuned up on a regular basis. I cannot stress this enough. Tuning up your computer and maintaining your background processes is essential to any game. Especially those that push your hardware to its limits.Enough about systems. On to the game.Ubisoft has a history of seemingly not knowing what is going on with their multiplayer engine. Either they will not admit to shutting it down or limiting it. They cannot find and fix an issues with it. Or whatever the speculation is. The fact is that their multiplayer engine with the AC franchise... sucks. And it gets worst with each release Unity was developed and released, Black Flag started having more and more issues. Black Flag was released and their previous releases became worst, repeat. If you carefully follow their support guide, you should be back in business. But DO NOT DISABLE STEAM!This game, as all games, has some minor bugs, glitches. I have yet to experience any crashing. The bugs are minor. For example, in a CoOp mission, the target to follow just stood there. All objectives were complete. Never ended the mission. If everyone was to die and desynchronize, it would fix itself. However, simultaneous desynchronization is not easy when you are playing with strangers. Better to exit the mission and try again.The glitches are standard with AC. You are climbing up and you think this path is A the direction you are moving to, and B the direction that is best suitable. The game mechanics disagree. You might just find yourself jumping to the wrong ledge.... Like in all AC games, correct it as you go.Or, again like in all AC games, you jump and land, stumble and catch yourself. The game thinks you fell off the edge. You might jump around a little.Sometimes when you kill an NPC, their bodies appear to have a seizure. How many games have we seen this happen in?Outside the standard bugs and glitches. The game itself.... I miss being able to pick up an enemys weapon and use it in a fight. I miss being able to pick up the body and hide it. They took a lot of things out of this game. In some ways, the mechanics of Black Flag were better. In other ways, Black Flag made the game too easy. Hide in a bush and whistle... Cant do that in Unity.The AI has been adapted as well. When you drop a guard off the roof top, citizens would cry out. Guards would investigate. This was all standard with ALL the AC games. Well, not so much anymore. They will investigate, but are not as vigilant.Multiplayer. Has awesome as it is. I was disappointed. I thought it was CoOp through and through. My son corrected me. Apparently, I did not read all the way through. There are CoOp missions and you can explore. You cannot do the single player missions when connected with a friend online. This does disappoint me. Fable allowed you to. Borderlands allowed you to. I wish ACUnity would allow it.Past all the bad. There are tons of new things in this game that makes it unique. Makes it enjoyable for any AC fan! If you can get past all of this, it is of my opinion you would enjoy this game. Thus, I recommend it.As for the other reviewsChests Require Companion App They moved the mini games out of the game and placed them on an APP. This way you can play the mini games even when you are not at home and gain the rewards. They went modern.4 Types of Currencies They took out the mini missions and added them on apps and web browsers. You earn game money, level points in form of currency, style points in form of currency, and hack points. Which means you can spend real world money to get ingame currency. The latter is optional.Micro transactions You have to keep purchasing consumables or loot them from bodies, or steal them. You also have to purchase any weapons and armor. Multiplayer boosts. Skills. You also have to upgrade these items. Again, you can pay RWC if you are lazy or impatient, but it is not a requirement  outside DLC.Gear has stats. They help boost your abilities or give you an edge. However, outfits costumes do not give stats. If you want to look like the guy in Black Flag, you will have no stat boost that I noticed. However, if you want to be unique, you will have stat boosts.Bugs, glitches. I covered that already. Nothing out of the ordinary on my computer or my sons. Drops in FPS, again nothing here. Though, there is some lag when online. This will depend on your cables, modem, router, WiFi or LAN, and of course, the bandwidth.This is as much information as I can offer without rambling too much. Take this, along with the other reviews and make your choice. I say wait for a good sale and pull the trigger. But make sure you have the hardware first. 