patch5 Far to many glitches and annoyances in the game to make it truely enjoyable. The control system for example i use an x360 controler. Arno loves to jump on to things  be it fences, stair handrails eiffle tower rift etc, chimneys. makes it close to imposible to get any flow going or to go where you intend to.Why does half the Paris nation speak perfect english? not even a French accent in their words. doesnt do much for the emersion of the game. I feel very disconnected from this game due to the emersion factor.The side companion missions are pointless. so far im 80 through the main story  its been a strugle to keep playing ive killed/stole from 1 AI and thats it completed.Where has whistle gone to attract the AI towards you when your in cover behind a wall, or in a haystack?There is no outofanimus side story, you hear the odd voice coming through from the real world but more of an oh no, its broken... hold on..where is stuff of old like the truth or the Juno/Minerva sections? Your now expected to have a french history degree in order to complete the Nostradamus Enigmas or just search for the answers to each enigma part.No cutscenes of you getting jiggy Elise unlike most other AC titles, or cutscenes of story sections. you just freeworld your way around your next waypoint and hope you follow through.Graphics no, this wont be what you think... i73770, 970gtx, 1920x1080. i run fairly high detail and it runs smooth. no performance issues that is so related to this game. i do have an issue with LOD. stand on top of a high roof, and youll notice the Level Of Detail drops off beyond 6075meters or so. its not a small drop, but massive like the difference between Ultra textures and minimum textures. Id gladly drop a quality setting or two to be able to get better visuals.Buying this game in the 50 sales 20 doesnt make me entirely regret it, but this game should go on bargain basement price bracket quick. Ubisoft are asking top whack for a very medocre game with rather poor QA throughout.I wish more reviews focused on the flaws of the game play, rather than the performance issues. Id of probably held off on this title. 