Im a hardcore fan of the Assassins Creed franchise, but just seeing how they messed this up was just disappointing and besides marking the obvious bugs and FPS drops with this games release. I plan on telling about some bugs that most people didnt play enough to see. unless you have  in that case   you know what Im talking aboutThe first bug being related to, which has gotten a overhaul but not complete. I am disappointed to say that the Parkour is even more broken then it was in previous games. I find it frustrating that Arno will assume to climb things within his bodys height like random crates, miscellaneous clutter, and market stands with the Run action. There is the FreeRun Upwards and FreeRun Downwards actions to fully control the elevation of his Parkour why not fully contribute to the system and make it so Arno will not randomly start hoping from crate to crate when being chased by enemies?I find many issues with the shimmying which in parkour term is to shift left or right while hanging on a ledge, he is unable to shift his body left nor right at certain angles and on certain buildings. One example of crappy shimmying is the Coop Mission Womans March when you have to assassinate the gatebase captains. If you climb up on the right building has one of the captains on the roof and shimmy across the ledges in which has windows below the ledges you come up with Arno trying to shift across the window, but ultimately failing and ending up in a hanging animation.Another problem that occurs to me, is theand. I play with an NEW Xbox Controller the fact that I use a controller still shouldnt affect the button choice, which I find very fluent and great however, the button choice for Block/Sheath and Loot are very awful. Although the Block and Loot have been used in previous games, its not those actions I find most annoying its the Sheath action which CAN disrupt combat and end up with Arno putting his sword away and getting DESTROYED! Further more with getting destroyed, I find delays within the actions that Arno does. Examples being Blocking which at some points take no effect and Arno is left standing defense less. But lets not forget that when this happens, he is unable to attack nor dodge.And last but no least the most annoying problem I face and I believe others do as well is thatbetween other players. All you can do is mark targets and hope that they wont go charging in like a bunch of idiots. It happened on too many cases where we would all fail because of one guy charging in like a moron, then killed like a ed person getting hunted down by Navy Seal Team 6. And dont say use the voice chat on Uplay, Its in freaking Beta and doesnt work for this game. I tried it with my friends and with random people, and nothing seemed to project my voice into the game even thought I test my mic on Uplay and it works fine. Its just not implemented into this game! aka And I am VERY sure that others can agree with me on this bad communication factor.I hope others can see these bugs within the game too, and support my arguments about this games flaws. And dont get me wrong, I love the game and completely think that this game will be amazing with all these problems diminished from the games first release. I just wish that this game was at least delayed or set on a later date to fully create this game with minimum bugs that could be fixed easier. I just wish this game was able to live up to its full potential...P.S. Other Fan Boys of this Series Dont get me wrong, I would love to love this game, but it just really let me down. Ive been psyched about this game for over a year, and it coming out like THIS! No, that will not do for me dudes  that is NOT okay to build everyone up then throw them down. And I know that this isnt entirely the developer teams fault, Ubisoft has been doing this for a while now. But by them doing this to Assassins Creed, that went WAY too far now. I just really wish the developers would have at lease postpone the release date to fix EVERYTHING before giving us buggy crap. However, maybe they had no control over the time  maybe only Ubisoft held control and they had to obey. And Lastly  to everyone  before you judge me for what I say above, remember   Ezio Auditore My favorite Assassin