Update, 07/18/16  Game is now completely broken and crashes upon start.Im a huge fan of the Assassins Creed series. As a history nerd and a huge stealth genre fanboy, these games are always right up my alley.Now Ill tell you why Assassins Creed Unity is, flat out, one of the worst games Ive played in years, and why its absolutely unrecommendable to everybody who owns a gaming PC.I want to start off by saying that I was absolutely hyped for this game. More hyped than any Assassins Creed game since Assassins Creed 2. I had watched a few gameplay videos that sold me due to the fact that the devs seemed to be going for the classic Assassins Creed experience An emphasis on stealthy gameplay, an intriguing historical period, and a stripped down approach to weapons and gadgets. It hearkened back to Assassins Creed II, which is an amazing game and probably the best in the series, closely followed by Assassins Creed Brotherhood and Black Flag.The first drawback is the one everybody already knows about The game is nearly totally broken at this point. Bugs are everywhere, the game hard crashes quite often, and it runs like a dog even on the most beastly of rigs. For me in particular, the most damning graphical drawback was some kind of weird frame stutter that I would experience literally every 4 seconds without fail, even in menus. Im not sure whats causing this, but the game is nearly unplayable with it unless youre incredibly determined. As you can see, I have managed to bludgeon through several hours of the game, mostly due to its amazing recreation of Revolutionary Paris, which is by far the best aspect of the game. Most of that is wandering about the landscape and gathering collectables, which has been the peak of my enjoyment of the game, because any missions are so difficult to get through thanks to the fact that its maybe the single most broken game Ive played since Obsidian was forced to release Knights of the Old Republic II in its halffinished state way back in 2004. And thats saying something, because that game was a broken mess.Theres been enough said about the games broken, poorly optimized state. Id like to talk about why it would be a bad game even if it were to run beautifully. Im going to talk about the past couple of AC games here, so bear with me.I hated Assassins Creed 3. Absolutely despised it. I thought it was terribly designed. It had muddy control and poor lineofsight mechanics that often resulted in instant game over detections, it had awfully designed stealth sequences that forced you to follow people at ridiculously close lengths, and it had bad checkpoints that compounded both of those issues. A number of the missions the midnight ride, the Charles Lee chase sequence were just horribly designed to the point where they were frustrating. To top it off, the writing was utter trash, all of the characters were cardboard cutouts, and nothing was even worth following.Then came Black Flag, which was a complete redemption for the series. The game was so much fun, it was beautiful to look at, and, most importantly for me, IT FIXED THE SERIES STEALTH AND GAMEPLAY DESIGN PROBLEMS! Control was smooth. Stealth sequences were designed well. Free running and climbing was nearly bugfree, quick, and intuitive. Trying to achieve 100 stealth in the plantation sequences were probably my favorite missions in the game. Playing Black Flag felt like the Assassins Creed series had truly taken a step forward, like it was ready to get back to being the stellar franchise that Assassins Creed II had promised it would be.Enter Assassins Creed Unity.The reason I contrasted AC3 and Black Flag is because playing through Unity gave me the distinct feeling that I was playing a game designed by the AC3 team. It has the same exact pitfalls that I just described in AC3. Controls are muddy and you never truly feel totally in control of Arno. He lumbers to and fro in the vague direction you send him. A cover mechanic has been introduced thats way too sticky, way too close to guesswork, and generally hampers stealth so poorly that I completely stopped  using it except in sequences when the game forces you to. And, to top it off, theyve redesigned free running and climbing with a system that seems like it should work beautifully, but fails miserably in every aspect of its execution. The days of your jumping off into odd directions, taking the wrong path up a building, and even inexplicably stopping in place and having to recenter the stick, then hit up again to continue moving HAVE ALL RETURNED FROM ASSASSINS CREED II. Seriously, bugs from a game that was made back in 2009 and were just solved last year have miraculously reappeared. How do you  up that badly?Add in that the music, something that was unbelievably atmospheric and really made the experience of Florence in Assassins Creed II, and lent you sea shanties that stuck in your head for hours in Black Flag and was utterly forgettable at best and terrible at worst in AC3 is absolutely unnoticeable. In fact, I didnt think about it once until, midway through this review, I remembered how much I loved Jesper Kyds work in AC2. Thats how forgettable it is.There are also several instances of immersionbreaking content, including chests that are only open via the Unity Companion App, and microtransactions that are so hamfistedly jammed in they pull you right out of the experience. Its a basic example of an immersion murdering mechanic, and it boggles my mind that developers have not learned why you dont do these things in games. Hell, even the publisher and the money people should know why immersion is important for a single player gaming experience. Theres no excuse for garbage like this.You can also consider Ubis utter failure to maintain some semblance of business ethics by setting their review embargo to 1200 PM of release day, rather than the day of or the day before as is common practice. Why would they do this, you say? The only obvious reason that comes to mind is that they knew their game was an unfinished, broken piece of garbage, and they decided that their best course of action was to lie to their customers for as long as possible in order to prevent them from canceling their preorders. Despicable.It really disappoints me to tear this game apart so viciously because Ive been such a huge fan of the series. Id like to believe that this was rushed out the door by Ubi, and that the team would eventually have produced a good game if they were given adequate time to have worked on the things that fail here. But at the end of the day, blame lies with the developer as well as the publisher.A delayed game is eventually good, a rushed one is forever bad Shigeru MiyamotoIn conclusion, there is very little redeeming quality in this game. Unless youre an absolute history nerd or a super hardcore Assassins Creed fan, this game is completely unrecommendable in its current state. Furthermore, even if the game were totally fixed, even if the graphical issues and the bugs were completely ironed out and the game ran beautifully, this still isnt worth a purchase because its easily the worst Assassins Creed and just not a great game period. The dev team here has an eternity of failure to look forward to, as people will forever think of this game as an exemplary pillar of Ubisofts descent into the basement of video game development and business ethics. Hell, at least Watch Dogs had some interesting mechanics and some competent stealth sequences. This game brings absolutely nothing to the table. Just replay Black Flag instead. Or burn 60 in your backyard while punching yourself in the face, because thats a more valuable, entertaining experience than playing this game will ever be.Some gameplay 