So lets begin, I played an overall of 14 hours something and went through a couple of the main missions, ran around the areas, and did a couple coop missions.First things first, the game is extremely buggy. Why?Well, you simply fall out of the map for no apparent reason. This tends to happen when you are scaling down building or objects, but it has occured hile normally running around, trying to climb up a building, or even when fighting some enemy.Other than that, the frame rate of the game is pretty bad overall, I myself do not own a super computer although my specs are better than the minimum or whatever but from what I read in other reviews even the high end computers are having a bad frame rate. This makes combat pretty difficult, but more than that it is simply impossible to run around without running into random obstacles that slow you down which have a rather significant impact on the mission.The menu seems to be laggy as well for some reason, simply a tap of the button will not do anything or just take too long to switch between options.Until these things have been addressed I believe that it is too much of a hindrance and annoyance to actually try and play the gme little less enjoy it. The story looks promising from the missions Ive completed and the coop feature is pretty okay. If the mentioned issues above are fixed it would be so much better.Overall this feels like an incomplete game, pretty much same release issues that Battlefield 4 went through last year. For the time being, this gets a NO sorry.UpdateI have come across 2 missions that I had to repeat over 20 times to actually pass. The first mission I managed to pass after 23 tries because every explosion or movement in the environment either threw Arno off the platform, caused him to be thrown into a wall and not move needing to restart, or simply jumping into oblivion as usual. The second mission I simply gave up on because the frame rate makes it impossible to press the buttons that are required. The ridiculous part is that all you have to do is press the designated button its always the same one as shown on screen, however no matter how you press it, it simply will not match and you end up going back to zero over and over again.This has been a confirmed issue for other consoles as well, it seems to be Memory 7 Sequence 3. The issue is that despite you actually pressing the button properly it sends you back to the previous button mashing scene for some unkown reason. Some people have claimed to pass it however it is a major bug that is halting many more in their progress of the gameThis is absolute crap, not being able to make any progress anymore even with the terrible way it is right now simply makes it even worse. 