I havent had any real issues with bugs aside from the game flat out freezing several times. It started up again after about 10 seconds, but that was a bit odd.That said.. I cant recommend this game. A few hours in and the story feels horribly disjointed and Im really not into it. But whats really killing it for me are the controls. Im playing with the same 360 controller Ive used in every PC AC game, but its just not working for me. Trying to get whatever his name is to go through a window is an absolute nightmare. Trying to get him off a railing, onto a balcony, and into a door is even worse. Especially when theres a guy aiming a rifle at you on said balcony. The game is also horribly slow to respond. Often Im finding myself screaming at the bloody computer MOVE!!!! for like 510 seconds as the character just sits there hanging from something, waiting around forever for somebody to stop squirming so I can loot them, or waiting for an enemy I just knocked over to get back up so I can keep poking them.. because for some reason I cant just bloody kill them while theyre on the ground.The game has like a dozen different currencies and absolutely everything gives you something different, and often youve got no idea what is used for what. There are even microtransactions.. MICROTRANSACTIONS.. in my full price AAA game. Thats a F2P thing. Keep that stuff out of P2P please.Coop is a nightmare. Everything pretty much instantly kills you, and the enemies get stronger the more players there are. They take forever to kill with even 2 players, and you basically have to stealth kill everything.. which is really hard to do with more than one player. Anyone enters combat, and suddenly theyre aware of everyone else too. There is also no way to communicate with other players that Ive found. Long story short, I can finish solo coop missions which can only be attempted AFTER completion of the mission the first time, in something like 1/3 the time or less with much less effort.All in all, some interesting ideas.. but worst AC game Ive played by far. 