This review may sound a bit random because I just write down thoughts I had while playing the game.TLDR The worst AC of them all so far BUT its still a good game.Release ProblemsMost bugs were fixed and the game is playable now.The companion app stuff was removed, which is good because I dont want to use my phone while playing a game.StoryThe story is not good at all compared to earlier titles. Feels like the writers were a bit lazy but like always they did a good job including historical figures in the game. To understand everything you need to have at least some knowledge of the french revolution.The side stories are really interesting or funny though. Finding the secret lab of Nicolas Flamel, helping Napoleon to find the right woman to marry or meeting the Marquis de Sade my BDSM friends know why thats interesting  .ControlsI actually like the new free run controls even though Arno likes to randomly jump on flower pots.You now hold E for a decending free run and space bar for a climbing free run. It makes the climbing less complicated.CombatIts much more challanging than before. I love it. You cant just fight 20 soldiers at once like before. Regardless how good your weapons are, fighting is always a challenge in Unity. Enemies have different skill levels now and dont attack one after another. Also Every enemy has a gun.Try fighting a group of 5 soldiers while 2 snipers shoot at you from the roofs. I never used so many smoke bombs before.New StuffMurder mysteries are fun!Lockpicking gets annoying after the first 10 chests.Nostradamus riddles are interesting.Rift missions are a nice diversion from the usual game play because you get to visit different times eras including occupied Paris during WW2.Minor annoyancesThe map is so full of stuff that you can hardly find what youre looking for sometimes.Some popups lay over each other so you have to wait until they vanish to read what youre supposed to do or what some clues say murder mysteries.I recommend this title for AC fans obviously and people who thought the older titles were way too easyEDIT I forgot to actually write down the minor annoyances P