Unity. Where to begin...Of course theres a lot about how the game is... buggy. And unfinished. Well, at release, it was atrocious, yes. Some people went through unharmed though, so hooray for them. Most of issues that were in the game previously have been dealt with, I feel. I joined in a bit later, after upgrading my PC, to get the best experience. I did not encounter that many issues, I think I had to close down the game once or twice because I got stuck somewhere and could not get out. Other than that, Ive not had any issues with crashing etc. But less about the issues and more to about the gameplay! The important thing!ACU reworks how the entire game plays from the other ones. Just like AC3 added the new slowmohowdoyouwannakillhim feature, this kinda gets rid of that and takes a step back towards the Ezio games. Now you parry and he just deflects it, rather than get an option to murder with a click. Its a lot more fluid, but when engaging in large battles, it is just... awful. Youve gotta roll all the time to avoid gunshots From snipers of foes on foot with pistols while simultaenously trying to fend off a bunch of people while trying to kill them. Larger battles really do require for you to take use of your gadgets a bit more, like tossing down a smoke bomb and taking out as many guys as you can before you pull out your pistol and shoot that one annoying sniper thats been harassing you from a distance. The game is also a lot slower than the other AC games. For the first time, there is proper, actual stealth. And when you start up, if you, like me, went on to try to go for a killing spree... Not gonna happen. Youll get killed, most likely. Especially if you go to the more diffuclt areas. Ill get to those shortly. So when you do start playing the game, you will have to rely on stealth a whole lot more than in the other AC games, but once you start renovating and getting a bit of money in from i.e heists, you can buy armor and weapons to suite your playstyle more. So I ended up getting a full Legendary Midieval armor set and a polehammer just so I could run about like the little god that I am.Paris, the location youll be roaming most of the time... Its not the prettiest of all the AC games, its very... dirty looking. To be expected from a revolution perhaps, but there isnt a lot of beauty to take in from the around world at all. There are little fun stuff happening all the time however. Theres this one location I do not remember in which district though where you get to watch some people get executed by guillotine. You can stop it by simply climbing onto the platform Although guarded and then everyone, including the guy about to get executed just flies up to their feet and walk off calmly. Quite awkward, but at least you saved a polygons life.I mentioned districts and Paris is divided into several. Each district has diamonds to tell you how difficult the enemies in the area are going to be. Its the same enemies as before, they just deal more damage, have more health and often come in slightly larger groups. Thats the main difference. You, the player, also have diamonds according to the best piece of equipment youve currently got. And by all means, you can pull on the starting attire and run right into the lions den if you are feeling brave even after finishing the game. And since the equipment may look a bit off at times, if you combine different parts of clothing to suite your playstyle, there are outfits to get. They are purely asthethic and will cover up your gear but not alter it in any way.Animation wise, the game is solid. Stabbing someone with your hidden blade has never been so satisfying before. You feel as if you colided and didnt simply push someone with a sharp sound. There is also a thing going on where I heard that in said game, youve got only one hidden blade. Since you cannot choose how to enter combat like in the previous games Fists, hidden blades, main weapon etc and it instead chooses your weapon depending on the situation Hidden blade for stealth, main weapon once detected but you can choose to choke someone out although a lot more visible I cannot confirm it. It really does look like Arno has one blade, but there are certain air assassinations that make me wonder if he has 2, or if the developers messed up. For example, if you do an air assassination against 2 people, Arno will sometimes land in between them, place on hand on each of their chests, eject the blade, let them fall, and then go on with his merry life. Ive just come to the conclusion that whoever is on the right of him just plays dead. Seems more logical.And to wrap it up, give you the final and most important part of the game... This is by no doubt the most epic thing you can ever find inside of any AC game...Theres 2 cakes hidden in Paris. You can eat them. So go search. 