Assassins Creed Unity is by far the most underrated game in the series. The amount of hate and negativity this game gets is very undeserved for the clear amount of work that went into making it. I would go as far as to say, beyond the somewhat questionable performance and glitches here and there. Assassins Creed Unity is the most detailed and fully realized AC game in the franchise.Theres a lot of things I really like about the game just from the get go. The French Revolution setting is an A already in my book, its one of the most under represented settings in video games. They went above and beyond with trying to capture Paris during this era. They spent 2 years just building NotreDame cathedral. Beyond the gorgeous architecture you see things like peasants revolting in the streets and mass executions regularly throughout the map. It makes the world feel extremely alive and allows for lots of opportunities for very natural stealth during missions.But thats not all. The developers also enhanced the gameplay of the Assassins Creed formula to an extent I didnt think was possible. The player can now customize almost every part of their outfit. Not only that but different outfit parts also change the players stats. The game now includes fairly broad RPG elements ranging from skills to stats of the players health and attack power. This makes the open world side of the game feel much more motivating to do because its directly tied to making you feel stronger and look cooler. The game also has coop missions and thankfully allows you to do them solo if you want.But by far the best aspect of the game Ive seen is the enhancements done to combat. Unity is by far the hardest game in the series. Part of this is due to many changes done to the enemies and overall gameplay. Enemies in AC Unity now can do multiple attacks. And depending on which attacks they use the player must either counter or dodge them. They also modified enemy AI so that when you are fighting multiple targets they will often pull a gun out and shoot the player while you are distracted. This makes combat feel much more tense and requires you to actually pay attention to what is going on since you can lose health very quickly. Many of the missions are very open ended in this regard allowing you to either engage in combat or more safely engage in stealth. SInce your health doesnt regenerate it makes it so you are very fragile and actually encourages sneaking around much more. Its somewhat shocking it took this long to make a competant combat system.While the performance and frequent pop in leaves something to be desired, the actual minute to minute gameplay is nothing short of steller. Its somewhat depressing that this game didnt do very well critically because later Assassins Creed games ignored many of the improvements this game offered. Its a rare example of a sequel that improves on everything and yet doesnt get the attention it deserves. 