This is what happens when you milk a once good series. The following reasons are why I will not purchase another Assassins Creed title. These are the things that make me put the game down, giving me no interest to pick it up again.Combat  After killing someone, Arno seems to stay focused on his dead enemy as if hes shocked by what hes done. Really annoying especially when trying to walk away. Indoor combat is annoying as the camera goes all over the place other than the enemy. The combat is boring and feels unrewarding. Seems everytime you kill an enemy, it shows a mini cut scene of Arno slitting his throat, stabbing him, snapping his neck, etc... all while you can be shot at and stabbed. Even while fighting a group. I just want them to die so I can kill again.Hyperactive detection  Guards will sense Arno even while hiding in a bush or behind curtains for no reason at all. When Im walking through town, a random enemy will detect me. Not brutes which do this as intended Just now, a sniper detected me when I as going to open a gold chest that was nowhere near a restricted area. I was even walking, not running which can catch a guards attention.Parkour  Sometimes Arno will jump the opposite direction  of where your heading, sometimes he wont jump at all. Sometimes he will jump off a roof instead of the beam straight ahead. Sometimes he will jump through that beam and die. Sometimes when on a wall trying to jump down, Arno will just turn around instead of jump in the ground. In other words, the parkour is tedious and anoying, especially if youre around enemies just sitting on the wall waiting for them to detect you.  Sometines while running, Arno will get stuck on a random object stool, barrel in the ground..etc This can turn you into a pinata if it happens in combat. Some walls and ledges which look like they can be climbed are not, and vice versa. Even small things like stools are climbable, complete with a climbing animation. When trying to climb through windows, I will run up the side of it or even across the window entrance.The app  Noone wants it. Really a shame to lock things in game behind a phone app. Atleast they could have cleaned up the map clutter by removing the app objects if we dont use / want the app... How long has initiates been down for now since December 24th, 2014 during the holiday period? It is reported that it takes about a month to unlock Altairs outfit.Sync points  Although you do get a fair amount of these from completing the storyline quests, the remaining points are locked behind multiplayer. Although you can solo some of the MP maps I havent tried them all, I feel that sync points should have been provided in the singleplayer only.Some of the gear is locked behind this and club competitions also.Hiding  Sometimes haystacks and curtains dont function. You cant enter them, even while out of combat. Its like trying to jump into a wall. And that silhouette feature can bug out even if youre hiding in one. The silhouette feature seems undercooked. When hiding they can constantly appear and reappear. Or sometimes not at all.In game vendors   After buying anytyhing from one of the ingame vendoes comsumables, gear, etc... after purchase, you need to wait 4 seconds before buying another item.The storyline and Arnos personality are really bland. I wont delve into spoilers here, but these 2 things help shape the game. If Arno had an interesting personality instead of chasing a girl around. Youre also confined to the city. I loved the exploration in ACIII and ACIV.  This game does not feature it. It feels like a rehash of ACI  II. Only with weaker features.  Im sure I missed other things, like the cash shop where you buy helix points and temporary boosters, which I think have no place in such a game.I guess the graphics make up for it, right?