I prepurchased this game on Steam and even bought the Gold Edition since Im a huge Assassins Creed fan. But Im very disappointed with this game. Here are some reasons why Warning light spoilers ahead!1. Story and Character DevelopmentThe story of Assassins Creed always intruiged me since it incorporates real historical time periods with a twist. Sometimes it would get a little boring but usually its very good. In Unity, there was a real chance for the story to be different by showing the gray area between Assassins and Templars and coming to the conclusion where both Assassins and Templars have their strengths and weaknesses in their belief. The character of Arno and Elise who are Assassin and Templar respectively further provide the means to tell a unique story different from the previous Assassins Creed titles. But, it ultimately fails! Personally, I would have liked for Arno and Elise to both realize the faults within their respective orders and break away from their orders or something. Or even uniting to bring down the bad guys. Rather than what happened in the story. The characters themselves are merely functional and dont go beyond that which is a damn shame.SpoilersI find it extremely annoying with most Assassins Creed killing off female characters, just so that the male characters have a different view on life and are able to become more mature. Christina Ezios first love interest, Lucy Stillman, Mary Read just to name a few. This game is no different too which angers me more! The ending of Unity is more agitating since it merely sets up DLC! The Dead Kings dlc to be exact. This is unexceptable for me. Its as if they had to change the story just to accomodate the DLC later....End of Spoilers2. Modern day story Abstergo and the AssassinsThis has also been unique and mostly interesting aspect of AC. However, the modern day story in this game is a JOKE! Its barely there and I have no idea what happened.3. Loot SystemLoot system is terrible in the game since only one loot is given for each mission. Thus to get all the loot, we would have to replay the same mission three times, which ends up being a chore since there is little to no variation in the mission itself. Furthermore, the Legendary Equipment are locked and can only be obtained via Club Competitions which are extermely buggy and frustrating in general.4. CombatNot many agree with me but I liked the combat in previous games where you could counter kill an enemy and even combo kill them by pressing the right button. It made for more fun combat. Here, combat is brutal and punishing. Although I dont mind sticking to stealth, I would have liked the previous combat system to also be there. This combat feels sluggish and makes Arno look far inferior compared to previous Assassins such as Ezio, Edward, etc.5. MicrotransactionsThis is ABSOLUTELY unforgivable in a triple A game such as this one. I cannot believe this exists in this game and it makes me very sad. Even though it isnt necessary to spend real money, I still cant believe that the in game economy hasnt been tampered with no matter what others may say.6. Poor OptimizationThe game is a technical marvel when it comes to the environment with Paris looking beautiful! However, this is marred due to poor optimization with terrible texture issues, insanely low framerates for using Eagle Vision and various other issues that make the game more frustrating to play. My rig is a high end rig so I dont expect this to happen, but this is the only game where this happens Oh! And there are plenty of bugs and glitches that still plague the game, even after four major patches.There are various other things that I dont like about the game but there is no way of telling it without spoiling the story partly. In conclusion, I think this game is not worth at 60 at all, but if theres a sale then I think this game should be bought, if only to see the beautifully rendered Paris. There are plenty of games out there worth much less but allow for more fun while playing. I myself dont hate the game since Im and AC fan but Im not going to play it as much as I did with Black Flag. I would recommend Black Flag instead! It is much more fun compared to this game. 