DONT BUY  As of July 2017 this game still sucks. And they will never ever fix it, so dont waste your money the game is riddled with bugs and will never get a patch again the character constantly gets stuck on the environment, forcing you to fast travel or restart missions Ive spent 20 minutes trying to climb some rafters I have climbed mere moments ago. the character was constantly deciding to jump down to the ground instead of horizontally to the next ledge. then at some point, for some reason, he jumped correctly Ive done a coop mission where every time the alarm was triggered I couldnt use any items or weapons EXCEPT if I ran around. So I could only raise my coop partner and shoot the gun while running enemies sometimes get triggered for no good reason. there is no orange phase where they are suspicious and the red bar over their head isnt filling, they just immediately go into full alert the crime I have committed was walking along a streetother than the bugs the actual game itself is terribly designed. the moment the game gets going a few hours in and you are allowed to free roam you open the map and are immediately overwhelmed by the clutter of icons. there are at least 23 icons per square centimeter. the game has content but 90 of it is garbage. collecting items, throwaway quests ad nauseam.it feels like the developers just tried to fill this game with so much boring crap to do in hopes of creating a as much content for their product as possible, instead of just making a fun game. it feels like they consider the players stupid enough to endlessly run around doing the same thing constantly without them noticingalso this game has like 4 different currencies. money, skill points and 2 others because it ACTUALLY is a freetoplay mobile app where you can buy 3 minute damage boosts ?!. except for the free part because they still want 15 bucks during a sale for this garbage.that said the first few hours are kinda fun you pretty much just run around from one corner of versailles to the other, but its fine. Im pretty sure they did not explicitly fixed the first few hours of the game just to make sure people cant refund. that would be just mean 