AMD 8350 FX  4.2gHz on liquid16gb ddr3XFX R9 290X 4GB VRAMEDITRunning on Beta Drivers released day of game FOR game. FYI.....so yeah.Possibly one of the most poorly optimized games Ive ever played in my life. If were being honest here also, The Witcher 2 looks better, pretty sure that game came out in 2011 certainly runs miles better than this thing.The problem is, it does run fine for me most of the time. The framedrops are everywhere though, even had a full lock up just running through the streets thought I crashed. Oddly, it looked almost EXACTLY like the old lockups youd get from watchdogs back at launch.Terrible draw distance, disgusting amount of pop in, NPCs glitching through walls....hell, through everything, NPCs outright blocking your path because the code cannot/ will not load the animationsin previous AC games, running through crowds was fairly seamless, they reacted immediately and believeablythey literally just stand there like its a ing game of red rover while you take a musket to the dome.This is it, the last Ubisoft game I will ever play. I went through this crap with WD as well, it took them 2 months to release a patch. From Ubisoft.Obvious to say, I cannot recommend anyone buy this game unless you are amongst the lucky few like me who can simply brute force the POS into running.How many  ing times am I going to write this in a review, Im sick of this being a normal thing. sigh Wait for a patch/patches/optimizationFor shame, Ubi.EDIT OH! I forgot, I do really enjoy the game, updated some of the glitches.I really do enjoy the combat and the atmosphere that is created, I think the design choices on the counter indicators over enemies is a terrible choice, its quite difficult to differentiate parry/dodgecolor based. Not really any other complaints though. I will update this review as needed.11/14/2014 1055 am Patching as we speak, nice surprise. Heres hoping.UPDATE SINCE PATCH 1.2.0 Im abandonding this game until its fixed. It runs worse, in a short amount of time experienced a full lock up, corrected itself. The pop in is still there. It ran fine with vsync on and triple buffering enabled but developed a stutter as gameplay dragged on. Im just really dissapointed with this game and the company in general. The stealth system is enraging and unwieldy to manage, and while combat is unforgiving, I dont necessarily see it as a step in a good direction. That, the embargo issue, the micro transsactions, the content blocked behind the initate and app program, this game just does a very competant job at making you not want to play it. I could NEVER even get my initiate profile to ever sync to my actual in game progress. Coop missions when they worked werent that incredible, and tbh detract from the single player game. I may come back to it way down the line, but I can safely say Ill just play black flag again if I ever feel the need to play an Assassins Creed game, and this hasnt been fixed yet.