This review will be lengthy, so for those who want a quick, easy judgement on the game and its pros/cons, please scroll to the bottom, thank you.The topics discussed in this review will be the following Campaign Length and my thoughts NO SPOILERS Combat Mechanics and possible issues Stealth Assassinations and detection Parkour Speed, fluency, and overall impressions Open World Immersion, random events, and overall feel of the landscape Multiplayer Connectivity and opportunities Bugs Oh God why? Power Requirements GPU, Processor, my recommendationsCampaign NO SPOILERS The Campaign for ACU was overall really just meh. The story was fairly interesting and it was a good length, which I can appreciate because if the game cost me 90, it better have a long campaign, but the issues from launch hindered my immersion, and I felt like I was just playing it because it was an Assassins Creed campaign, and I must follow the storyline. Most of those issues have been fixed now, and the game optimized, however it is still laggy at times and that breaks the immersion.Combat The combat was talked about by the devs prelaunch and they mentioned it was more difficult than before. They didnt lie about that at all. Instead of the previous AC games from III to the present, ACU makes you parry the enemy, then you must attack them, no instant kill counters anymore. This made the combat much more intense than previous games and I enjoyed it immensely. Guns, however, are exploited heavily by the AI, and are very frustrating. What may start off as a normal sword fight, a guard down the street notices and pulls out a pistol that when shot proceeds to stun you for a moment, stopping your swing, and dealing large damage. Well, now hes out of a bullet and has to reload, right? Wrong. The guard then loads his flintlock pistol in about 2 seconds and prepares to shoot again. Granted there is a period of time where the guard has to aim his shot, and then a bright indicator flashes when he is about to shoot, but it still doesnt remove the annoying aspects of the guns. You can dodge these shots when you roll, but when you have about 5 people attacking you close range with swords and 1 or 2 at a distance with guns, you find yourself rolling back and forth, dodging attacks you would normally parry, but couldnt because you just finished dodging the bullets fired at you from afar. Combat immersion was hindered by the gun mechanics, but even further hindered by the issues at launch, which have now been mostly fixed.Stealth The new stealth mode was a very welcome addition to the series. Stealth in the past has consisted of killing certain guards in certain areas or avoiding patrols entirely, now that you have to sneak through buildings regularly, this addition is VERY welcome. The animations seems very clean in this mode, and you can sprint, then revert back to stealth without activating and deactivating it. The detection is about the same, and guards investigate at the same time as before as far as I can tell. Assassinations are quick and clean. You are unhindered in movement while assassinating, which allows you to walk by a guard between two walls and assassinate him then progress to the objectives swiftly and discreetly. Lockpicking is interesting, but it depends too largly on good framerate and no stuttering in order to be sucessful consistantly.Parkour The crown that ACU wears is probably residing on the parkour. Its fast, bold, and well done. There are a few places and actions that look unrealistic, like levitating a second longer than Arno should have while scaling a wall, but those are not very often seen and dont break the immersion. If I had to give one addition to ACU the best possible added mechanic award, it would have to be controlled descent hands down. It has been a constant pain in my side having to either descend a wall clumsily, jump down to the ground regardless of the distance and use medicine to keep myself healthy, or find a haystack to leap into. I can say without a doubt that this mechanic is probably the best possible tool to use for escaping. Better than smoke, better than haystacks, benches, crowds, levers, wells, ANYTHING. When you are trying to escape a compound that has snipers on the roof, fiddle farting around on the roof until you see a haystack or other means of getting down means death with the gun mechanics that I explained earlier. Overall, parkour in ACU is probably the least sticky out of all the ACs so far. Its an absolute pleasure to scale buildings now, which is something I have been looking for for the longest time.Open World The world of ACU is diverse, yet kind of bland at first glance. There is no Day and Night cycle, but you can select the time of day in the settings. The day and night of the game Cycles, which I previously had thought it didnt, but it does. There is a massive amount of people, which have texture pop ins of clothes and hairstyles, but hey, there are like 100 people in that crowd so you cant really expect to have all of them loaded immediately unless you have a next gen computer. The buildings are detailed and well done, with many handholds and paths to the top. Most of the buildings are high enough to let you have a good view of the city below. The city is accurate to historical landmarks in Paris, and that makes it much more interesting, especially at Versailles. There are random crowd events like, tackle the thief, and scare the bullies, and kill the criminals. These stack up until you hit a cap for these, where you are then reset back to a 0 on the crowd event tracker, and a big fat payoff of Livres or items from the events you previously completed.Multiplayer This is one of the main selling points of this game. The multiplayer, at least now, is quick and easy. This is of course, after you figure out how to get your friend into your brotherhood, which was not simple for me. Connectivity was a big issue, and the characters for the multiplayer are almost identical to Arno. Overall, it is fun to roam with friends, but not as fun as I imagined it would be.Bugs Oh God, here we go. This is a nightmare of a game with bugs. Crashing, save corruptions, wont load cutscene or complete mission, you name it, ACU has either got it or had it. No wonder Ubisoft was apologizing like mad. Still present, but greatly reduced by the patches. As of 01/31/15, I can safely say that if you have a powerful system, oyu can play with little to no bugs a 30FPS.Power Requirements REALLY needy. You need a buffashell computer tank to run this on ultra at 60 FPS. I have an R9 280X OC with an AMD FX6300 Six core OC. Ultra High at about 2030 FPS. Very disappointed with the optimization for this game, because my build can handle more at better FPS on other games.Hello to those who want an easy, overall review of this game and hello to those who read the entire review. Overall, ACU is a no go. The PC spec requirements want to you to have as a recommended GPU a R9 290X, which is about a high 200 GPU, on a good sale. The combat is fun, but has way to many guns present, especially when evading guards and they start shooting at you. Stealth is fun, open world could be better, multiplayer and campaign are meh, and the parkour is fantastic, yet can have some immersion breaking moments. Either wait for a sale, or just dont get it, because its not worth the 60 thats for damn sure. If you need anything else explained, please refer to the book and a half above this. 