Running in high, highest, medium and low graphics in a quad core amd with simple gtx 550 and all configuration have the same frame drop and bugs. i m enjoying playing it w/o crash... yet! but by what i could see, peoples with GTX 780 still getting similar problems. So, it s not my processor or video board. even changing. Cant say totally it s a waste of money but as AC fan of all franchise, hopefully ubisoft can fix these annoying bugs so we can play another AC game with all fun we deserve, and worth every cent spent. i do not recommend this game untill bugs be fixed. Actually analisys of Game  June 10th 2015 Well, how u can see, i wasnt so happy when game launched for 2 reasons 1 game really came with many bugs what game dont have? like skins disappearing, characters entering inside the scenario, many fps falling and my old comments. after this, ubisoft gave to players who bought the game dead kings dlc for free and who bought season pass, gave more like special gears and etc for email. A nice compensation for hours spent waiting and then, a bad inpression. the second reason. 2 A decent video board, but the recommendation says 680 min but even with 680 game had fps falling game running smoothy... pausing or crashing. After a huge update may GB to fix the fps started to be good, the the ugly bugs disappearing. Then, time to reinstall the game and buy a GTX 750 that is me. idk you guys. After that i could enjoy all game features, story challenges, fights and everything i could. And i still enjoying completting 100 like anothers in franchise. The game is beautiful running in max resolution and have a amazing storyline. Even after finish, u have paris events to do and seems the game never end. after that u can run DLC storyline and get more challenges. coop is fun but poor club system. After peoples completing the game, they abandon the club. If Ubisoft care more about club challenges, it could stay alive and peoples keep enjoying the game even with 100 sync. Anyways, with pro and cons, u guys can enjoy the game as well. For new generation, enjoy now the game if u have a good video board and pc running with i5 or quad core  to not complain later about game running bad or something. That s why i went change my recommendation for this game. i wont give a 10/10 for AC Unity even being a great franchise gamer, but after everything i could give a 7/10 due all i had to pass before enjoy the game. Buy it no fear if u have doubts yet. 