It alarms me how many people are bashing on this game, I can only assume they havent updated their drivers or play on a average computer. That or they havent experienced the game itself. I myself have had issues on day one, frame rate issuses, bugs, game crashing, etc.The game is amazing, a living breathing world where you can walk down the streets of France and a fight will break out, or a group of people circling in on one person. Where you can see a thief running away with a womans purse. Its spectacular to see this world do its thing.Navigation is very fluid, very easy to get used to for newcomers into the Assassins Creed series. The combat is satisfying to deliver the killing blow to that one guard that seems to never go down. There are different enemy types, each with their own ways to be taken down, fight a group of 4 guards youre probably going to have a tough time defeating them all. I myself try to get away if I know Ill most likely die.Coop is one of the features i was most excited about, I recently learned you can free roam the world with up to four buddies, which is something i had wished for when they first introduced multiplayer in Brotherhood. I felt unreal playing a coop mission for the first time, and badass at that. Being paired up with random people is very enjoyable, just seeing each other take different routes to the objective and preforming different tasks to complete it. It just amazes me every time. Also seeing them air assassinate a guard thats going to kill you is just incredable. I wish i could put into words how my coop experiences were. I can only say you have to play it for yourself.Overall its a fantastic game, taking in all the faults in this game, i have a love for it. The story is interesting, but only a few missions made me want to continue the story. Itd find myself playing a coop mission in between every few story missions. Not that thats a bad thing but I like to get hooked on the main story of the game. It hurt to see all the negative reviews this game got on day one, so I felt i needed to write a review for it. 