Before I start I have to point something outUPDATE YOUR NVIDIA GRAPHICS CARD DRIVERS!The people complaining about the flickering lights and low FPS could fix all of their problems if they had just installed the required updated drivers.If youre having the problem on AMD cards, I dunno what to tell you.This game is pretty good. I think a lot of people are disappointed because they allowed themselves to be hyped up enough to be disappointed when the game didnt live up to their expectations.Yeah, there are frame drops from time to time, but I honestly am amazed how optimized it is with THOUSANDS of NPCs on screen, all interactive as well. As far as I know, no game has been able to achieve this.The facial animations are the best Ive ever seen in a game. LA Noire comes close, but the graphics on the faces kind of killed it in that game. Unfortunately, because of this, cutscenes are SUPER LAGGY for me. 1520 FPS laggy. Mouths actually look and talk like real mouths. No more wide mouthed Ss.Coop is... amazing. Its what AC has needed for a long time, and Im glad its finally here. Seeing other people actually working together with you to assassinate some bad guys is a really good feeling. Cutzomization is really wellfleshed out and very cool.I havent encountered too many bugs. I clipped through a roof once, and then I fell through the world... but thats about it. Fortunately, it is playable and enjoyable even with a bug here and there. Its a game after all. Expecting games to be bugless is like expecting a burger to come without the meat.There are a few interesting gameplay mechanics they tweaked/took out. The most notable one being no fighting with fists or hidden blades, which isnt that big of a deal. You also cannot switch to the hidden blades, which I find kind of annoying when trying to air assassinate people. Air assassinations are pretty wonky. Sometimes they just dont work although youre right above them, which is very annoying.The animation quality of everything, even NPCs, is fantastic. They really kicked it up a notch this time animationwise.All in all, after 8 hours of playing this game, Ill give it a 8/10.TLDRThe graphics deliver. Performance is okay, but thats expected with so much stuff happening on screen.Gameplay delivers. Combat and Parkour are much better. Air assassinations are still wonk.