Well, to start, the game is very poorly optimized and suffers from various glitches and bugs. All that nonsense can be patched out and likely will and Im pretty sure we all know what a glitchy game looks like. As such, I wont be mentioning that sort of thing past this point since I wouldnt recommend this game even if it ran at 120 FPS  while looking better than Crysis 3. What cant be patched out are the numerous and inescapable design flaws that have utterly destroyed this game. Lets dive into them. Note that I may ramble a short while here, but the ramblings will have a point.Uninteresting main characters who make irrational and erratic decisions. For the first time, I did not like the protagonist of an AC game. During a specific fight with an old friend of Arnos, I found myself wishing the old man would kill Arno so maybe I would be able to play as one of the three interesting characters in the game, the other two being the new King of Rats and good ol Shawn.Enough plot holes to give this game the nickname Assassins Creed Swiss Cheese. For example, Arnos status within the Brotherhood at the end of the main story.It is devoid of rewarding gameplay. One of the many things I loved from previous AC games is the series of puzzles almost all of them fun and welldesigned, this game included you can solve to gain access to an INTERESTING LOOKING and FUNCTIONALLY USEFUL set of armour. In this game, the reward is literally a recoloured version of Altairs robes that is purely cosmetic. Talk about a slap to the face after solving puzzles for an hour.A crushing amount of immersionbreaking  including, but not limited to, asking you to create/link accounts in the middle of gameplay, these next two are closely linked being able to hack equipment to obtain it, and a series of missions known as Rifts that I found patently ridiculous. So, these last two have the same basic mindnumblingy outrageous problem. They both give Arno items/money through means that he did not have. You may hack items to gain access to them without Arno buying them and when you play the Rift missions which take place in a sort of purgatorylike simulation in a time period Arno was not alive during, you are rewarded with ingame currency that Arno can use to buy weapons and items. This is supposed to be a MEMORY SIMULATION. You are reliving MEMORIES that you can only participate in, not influence the outcome of. I dont think Arno had a person from the future controlling him and magically giving him money and equipment when he did this in his actual life, did he?Due to in part by the uninteresting main cast, the story falls  apart more and more as it progresses, with the high point being in Sequence 4. This is when you meet one of the three interesting characters the man who  will become the next King of Rats. Well, I hope you dont like interesting characters because hell only be shown twice more after this in the entire game, one of the other interesting characters is killed by Arno for what I consider to be a very bad reason, and the last one standing is Shawn, who you never actually see and only hear from on a few occasions. His witty humour is still visible in the Database, if youre feeling nostalgic and want to forget what game youre playing for a few blissful moments. Yes, I realize I put two points about characters, but its honestly bad enough to deserve two points.The combat is unpolished, unfun, and  until you get a very powerful heavy weapon  almost always unfair. Last minute note I wanted to add Want to know what was the most unfair and actually the worstdesigned fight Ive ever played? The final boss! Arguably the most important moment in the game, where everything youve been working towards comes to a head! Its almost beautiful in its horridness.The game suffers from serious issues recognizing and reacting to input, and as such the lockpicking system is torn asunder and blocking in the combat is made even more difficult.A disturbing amount of missions have ridiculous full synch objectives, some of these objectives even require equipment you likely wont have purchased. That majority, though, are simply very poorly thought out. For instance, in other AC games, you would get full synch for doing common sense things or just doing the mission properly, but in this game the full synch objectives virtually never make sense. Some are outright impossible to fulfill such as in a certain side mission where you must slide over/under 5 objects but theres not 5 to slide over/under and youre in a confined space.The game is very random in its equipment unlock system. You can not get a single highlevel full outfit because most pieces of every outfit are locked until you win it in a Club Competition or a seemingly unrelated coop mission or main mission. I just want to look like a musketeer, Ubisoft. Let me have more than a bracer and some pants.The game is essentially paytowin. You hack the most powerful items in the game right off the bat with the power of real money, of course and Ubisofts Uplay rewards for this game are horribly, horribly unbalanced. The full soundtrack for the game costs 20 Uplay points, while 2000 of the games currency can be purchased for 30 Uplay points. That same 2000 currency can be gained from a SINGLE mediumskill locked chest in the game.Lastly  and this is a very subjective opinion that I hold that does not necessarily reflect negatively on the game  I am quite disappointed that there werent more references to popular writers of the time, though there were a mild amount. Particularly Voltaire. I mean, you show absolutely none of the wittiest man of the centurys writings, but you send the player to his tomb? Positively cruel.Im sure Im forgetting a few negative things, but there are a few positives, as well. These will be shorter as Im a tad burnt out from all that ranting and raving and also because they dont make up for the flaws.The art team for this game was phenomenal. Just what Id expect from a group of skilled artists with a beautiful universe to create in.The mocap team was, as always, spot on. Theres even a kissing scene about 30 minutes into the game that is the most realistic kiss Ive seen in a video game to date.Remember earlier when I said the main cast was bad? Thats true, but most maybe all of the side characters Ive seen were interesting, fleshedout, and wellwritten.The puzzle missions, murder mystery missions, Paris Stories aka side missions, and Crowd Events random events where you can help people were for the most part very good. Puzzles and murder mysteries were engaging and sometimes challenging, and the Paris Stories were welldesigned and really helped to flesh out the world. 