Ubisofts black sheep. Unity ed up big time and unlike most other companies, Ubisoft fixed their mistakes and made up for it. The games not perfect, no. There are still some bugs, most of them pretty humorous or easily fixed by fast travelling, but overall its a smooth experience. Here are some pretty notes on gameplay Theres actually stealth in this game. I had to harken back to my Metal Gear Solid days to get through many sequences. Its obviously not as in depth as Metal Gear but damn, theyre really trying. If youre coming from Black Flag or before which is highly likely, you WILL die if you treat it like just another Assassins Creed. Dodging bullets is nearly impossible now and your items pool is limited based on your equipment. Enemies will surround you on all sides and easily slaughter you without proper planning or quick thinking, even with high tier gear. Oh yeah, theres a tier system for gear and enemies now. Its...pretty lackluster to be completely honest. You wont use over half the many, many items in the game and theres literally no benefit to going back once youve got something worth using, especially when youll be fighting enemies who are also higher tier. For a game built around the concept of coop, the amount of things you can do while with your friends feels a bit limited. The many Paris story missions or club objectives shouldve been multiplayer as well, but at least the heists and actual coop missions are fun. I dont think Id play this game just for the story, but its nice to run around gay Paree as Arno, your neighborhood friendly Assassin whom all the Parisians seem to know.Overall Unity creates a beautiful and ugly picture of Paris during one of its most turbulent times. The immersion is absolutely amazing, with citizens rioting in the streets, carrying bodies, burning furniture and books, handing out cockades or just stumbling around drunk in a brothel, among numerous other events. Seeing Assassins Creed like this makes me wish Ubisoft could go back and remake Constantinople or Damascus in this light. If youve read this far, then I highly recommend setting the language to French with subtitles. It really helps the whole thing along. 