Ive read a lot of stories about how broken this game is and to be honest, with how polished previous games were, I just couldnt believe that this would be any different, regardless of the news stories. However after several hours of play time of both coop and single player, I can handily say that this game is unfinished.While not broken anymore, this game is far from finished. The most noticeable would be the free running. In the most recent AC games, free running felt fluid and extremely responsive and each game was progressively more polished. However AC Unity is a leap in the opposite direction. I felt like I was back to AC 1, and perhaps the beta of AC 1. I would go in opposite directions I wanted, I would jump off ledges when I didnt, and when I wanted to jump of ledges even when I knew I would take damage the game just wouldnt let me for a good two or three seconds. While thats not a lot, while free running its excruciating and a real game breaker in a game revolving around free running.The controls are obviously made for the console and this feels like a mediocre port at best, while the constant advertisements to spend extra money really kept the emersion into the game to a minimum.Onto the graphics! The game really shows how it is rushed in this respect. With everything set to ultrahigh, the game looks like it was made in 2009. Hands, body parts, and weapons blatantly go through clothing, time was obviously not taken when it came to hair on any characters main or not. And it is easy to see the seams in between two physical objects showing the sky underneath. The draw distance is horrid, you can easily see characters clothing change right in front of you as the computer renders them into a higher resolution.I must say, that the story line so far has been intriguing, though not ground breaking. This game just feels like you need to use a bulldozer to get through when free running requires a delicate touch. Assassins Creed Unity should still be in beta for another good three months before they should think about releasing it. I would gladly wait longer to get a polished game. Wait a half year before buying. I have lost a lot of respect for UbiSoft. I dont blame the developers for making this game so horrid, I blame the company for not giving the developers enough time to do their damn jobs.