I ended up finishing this game on ps4, mainly because my pc cant run this game above 10 fps and the bugs. Ill be writing this review on the ps4 contents that I experienced, which should be the same as steam pcs content barring some bugs and using hand controller.The first thing to note about this game is how negatively it is received for an assassin creed game, practically on all platforms. I think I understand where the negativity is coming from after finishing this game. In short, this is a game that is most unlike the assassin creed franchise. Different from other games where the protagonist is a true believer in assassins creed from the start to finish and make their choices based on their conviction, Arnold was never a firm believer. The thing is, this doesnt put me off at all. Can anyone really blame the protagonist for not being a believer, given that he never knew his lineage in his youth, was gently raised by a peaceloving Templar grand master, and his childhood friend/true love is a templar? In fact, I think it would make less sense otherwise. I personally think he is one of the more realistic protagonist in the franchise.Now, Obviously, the story could have been better. The plot could have been more convoluted, development more intense, etc. Think of this not as a dramatic tale of assassins changing the world, but rather a very personal story told from Arnolds perspective. Youll like it much better. I personally thought the story was tied off fairly well.Pros immersive experience realistic not a fanatic assassin protagonist casual gaming experience stealth oriented game rather than hard level rpg you can go straight through the main missions the game doesnt force you to do side quests relive many aspects of French revolution Elise, Elise, Elise  D great graphics very romanticCons not much assassin creed stuff at its core plot is not the best gameplay has limited depth some awkward controls difficulty not high for hardcore playersAppendix previous review  PC experience onlyBug 0 game crashes every 30 minutes or so.Solution 0 Go to CWindowssystem32 and CWindowssyswow64 and rename xaudio27.dl.Bug 1 Stuck in a glitch in sequence 2 memory 1 when the door that you have go through doesnt break so that the game cant proceed.Solution 1 follow your friend/fellow prisoner very closely so that when he kicks open that door, you are in the same room as he.Bug 2 stuck in the stone in sequence 2 memory 2 liquor induced dream state in assassins initiation.Solution 2 dont go too fast/restart the checkpoint several timesStill playing and will decide whether to change rating by the end.So far, while the combat goes pretty quick and easy, the experience navigating through the cluncky parkour controls in main plot is very demanding, which is even more difficult when I am playing on 10 fps. This aspect is something I disliked. However, the combat in this AC game does provide a solid submersive experience for the story. The combat is also not very level dependent, which is good.