I originally skipped Unity because of the insanely bad press it had on launch, and only recently picked up both it and Syndicate. I played through Syndicate first, never intending to play Unity at all, until a friend and the recent Steam reviews suggested that now that it was mostly fixed, it was worth playing.I guess, maybe? Unity is a bad game, even without all of the graphical issues that many people experienced. For me, I have a 1080Ti and a i7700K, so the game runs perfectly for me. So even with no huge issues affecting me, I found the game to be very subpar.Paris is huge, as London was also in Syndicate. Theres a billion markers on your map everywhere, yup its an Assassins game. While the city is large and beautiful, and seemingly been accurately rendered for the French Revolution, almost all of it looks the same and youll have very little idea where you are at any given time. This contrasts with Syndicate where parts of London are beautiful rendered as Victorian aristocracy, some parts are sprawling slums, and others are full of skylines of coal spewing factories. All of Paris is the same, and thats a bummer.The gameplay is... frustrating to say the least. The climbing was perfected in Syndicate, so going back to old AC climbing is annoying. If youve not yet played Syndicate, you wont really notice it being much different other than the new rapid decent parkour system, which is at least very useful.The combat is a nightmare. I started off thinking I was enjoying it, because for the first time enemies wont attack you one at a time, and it was challening to deal with them swarming you. But as the game progresses, enemies get stronger, almost all of them are undamagable without counter hitting them or c atching them in some animation, and youre CONSTANTLY being shot by pistols. And there is no way to deal with it! The game says you can roll to dodge, but the command is sluggish, doesnt always work, and often you either get hit anyways in the roll or you get hit by some other  swinging his sword. Its so ing frustrating that in these bigger fights I had to just spam smoke grenades and slice up people while they were coughing and blinded. Really bad gameplay regarding the fights, and its a shame because the actual swordplay looks, sounds, and feels really cool, and theres so many weapons with tons of great animations.The story missions are a disappointment. Theres not a lot of variety, and you infiltrate so many palaces that they all look the same. Theres only a few unique kills, and the sideobjectives in each one SUCK, and are no fun to accomplish. Compare this to Syndicate, where the vast majority of the main story missions were memorable and fun to play through.The side missions are awful. Theres almost no context to what youre doing, and they seemingly are usually only 13 minutes long. I skipped out on the vast majority, where in older games and Syndicate I did almost all of them.If this game has one strength its the main story, which does a decent job of pacing itself and creating a plot that is a little more indepth than you come to expect from an AC game, but its nothing mindblowing. Indeed by the end, the game has riddled itself with several huge plotholes and leaves some gigantic questions shockingly unanswered. Also, the game does a very poor job of explaining who the  each person in the story is, or why Arno has the magical ability to read minds when he shanks them Apparently nobody in the brotherhood thinks this weird either.I could write more, but I guess overall if youre a huge AC fan this might be worth playing. Its not BAD, but its such a disappointment compared to the newer Syndicate, and its really just... bland and unmemorable.