after the 4th patchAlrighty....lets see....where do I start...Assassins Creed Unity is taking place on the 19th Century French Revolution. We follow a new character Arno Victor Dorion in his quest to find the culprit who murdered his adoptive father. He along with his lover, Elise de la Serre Elise is for revenge, while Arno is simply doing it for redemption.VisualThis is something that many people will more likely agree. This game is truly beautiful. I appreciate the fact that Ubisoft truly made the game really eye candy. You can go to many other places and see the beauty on the poor and rich side of Paris. Of course, to experience this well, you might have to have a good PC to explore it pretty well. Otherwise, it is just a tease to you.GameplayThe game seems to play out like a refined version of AC1. The parkouring is smooth, but sometimes a bit buggy. The Combat is actually more difficult than one might think, if fighting a bunch of guards, you might end up using alot of smoke bombs and even with all the medicine you take, it might not be enough and you will more likely die. The new combat also removed the free flow kill streaks and counter kills, instead you parry, attack, or dodge. Fans wanted a more difficult challenge, and so they have it. Now the Fanbase is divided about it. For me, it wasnt bad but it could have been better refined. I believe Ubi was trying to add more realism into the AC series, after all, I dont think its normal for someone to kill 10 guards under 1 minute unless you had explosives. Stealth in this game is possible. Its not really the best stealth feature, but it is possible.Missions  Other ObjectivesThe Main Missions are pretty well done If I may say. You can enter a building, lure them out, riot, go yolo, sneak under the building, etc. This made the game less repetitive. I cannot say the same for the Side Mission however, they do tend to repeat itself, however it does have some interesting stories behind these missions. Investegation Missions is pretty awesome, you play detective and try to figure out who murdered the person, and you have a variety of people to blame. So choose wisely. The Notredamus Puzzle is the most time consuming unworthy chore I ever done. You pretty much do all these painful riddles just to get a reskin altair costume that is merely cosmetic, I personally think it is not worth it. And finally the helix rifts. They are actually part of the storyline and you are basically just trying to escape that era. It was pretty enjoyable to watch and explore this small linear era, but it wasnt that big of a deal as I thought. The game has chest...BUT WAY too many chests....and some Nomad Chests and Initiate chest that are usually not opened to you unless you use a third party program AC Initiates and the AC Unity app. There are finally coop missions which arent bad, but has little to no communication with ur teammates whatsoever and sometimes you will end up with just one fellow player instead of three.Customization  WeaponsThis is the only game in the series that has ALOT of customization for your character. Its really REALLY well done and many people enjoyed having their own attire. The weapons are also pretty cool as well. Some of these attires must be unlocked through missions, chests or through club competitions which hasnt started yetStoryI wont lie to you guys, I say this as a true fan of the AC storyline, the story....is the weakest of all the series. I will explain with no spoiler as possible. The story focuses soo much on Arno and Elise that everyone else, including historical figures, was forgetable. And even when it focuses on Arno and Elise, it feels pretty meh. I do admit though, their love story is pretty well made. This is pretty much how the story usually ends up going Arno kills the target, drain his targets memories to find the next target there is no last words for the victim unfortunatly, kills the next guy, repeat. I know there is story behind all of it, but there is hardly any backstory for that target, not even the main target hardly had a backstory other than the fact he is a sage but we knew that from the beginning. The ending was....I have to say...it was pretty cliche....and the Modern Day storyline was little to nonexistant , unfortunatly. I am NOT saying the story was horrible, but it is a weak storyline for an AC game.Bugs  GlitchesThis is where the games experience was killed since its launch. It performed badly. Now we are at Patch 4. I can say that Online was fixed but it still isnt perfect. the Crashes however, I still get that. It really does kill the experience for me along with constant stuttering issues. I was able to run this game at around 45 fps with custom high/ultra high setting so it wasnt entirely bad for me. But I really cannot say the same for others. If you check the forums, you will see that many people cant run this game as well as others this includes people with good PCs and bad PCs. I also read reports that as if Patch 4, SLI/Crossfire Users perform worse for them.MicrotransactionsThis one has no affect to us in gameplay, since this is optional. However, this cannot be ignored either. Putting microtransactions on a Singleplayer/Coop game, simply to get items early instead of encouraging players to get them through effort is just....wrong. What bothers me is the price....it ranges from 20  100 and the helix credits arent that much either. This is possibly the worst thing I ever saw in an AC game and this sort of business practice has made Ubisoft look like the new EA.Recommend?This game does have fun in it and I know you see a thumbs down. The reason is because this game may not run for everyone and to top it all, this game still has major issues that needs to be dealt with and the chances of having that is 50/50. You might be one of the lucky ones to run the game with little to no problems, or be one of those unfortunate enough to have a bad experience, Sooo....If you feel you can run this game and can deal with the issues the game has, by all means get it since it can still prove to be enjoyable, BUT please...get this game during discount, because I personally think this isnt worth the full price. This game isnt simply given by Ubisoft haters, but fans alike as well. Trust me...If a lot of people are complaining less about Uplay and more on Unity, then something went seriously bad for Ubisoft. I really worry for the series now. Personally, this game may have been given a recommendation or just a mere complaint about Uplay launcher if there were little bugs and glitches, or at least a good optimization and better support. The damage has been done and there is no doubt that this game became one of the biggest dissapointment of 2014 sorry my fellow gamers who do like this game, but as much as I enjoyed some of the gameplay given by this game, would have to agree.