This review will be in three parts 1 The patches/how to get the game running, 2 my thoughts on the game overall, and 3 5 reasons why or why not you should get AC Unity.Update Im not sure why some people havent found my review useful, but I suppose keep that in mind. I would like to point out that my PC specs are as follows FX8350 with 16GB ram and an HD 7970Part IAs of patch 1.5 the game is more or less running extremely well. Practically all bugs regarding quests/missions/coop gameplay have been fixed. Microtransactions/Companion app walls have been almost entirely removed You dont need to pay extra money, download something, or sign up for anything to be able to experience the full game anymore.  I believe the Dead Kings DLC is now free and included in the purchase of AC Unity.Patch 1.4 forced low quality distant environment textures, and Read For compatiblity 13For compatiblity1. DO NOT USE MSAA! This game is poorly optimized for MSAA, seriously dont use it. I get better FPS at 2160p no AA than 1080p 2x MSAA2. If youre glitching through floors, and sticking on objects then you need to lower your graphic settings.3. Ultrahigh texture quality is amazing, but its the biggest FPS hog next to MSAA I think its because its linked to the hair physics4. Start the game with your desktop resolution as low as you can set it, for some reason this can give a huge performance increase.5. If youre using an AMD GPU, DO NOT try to use any custom AMD game settings if you do you can cause the game to crash on start up.6. If your game wont start up read 5. then verify game cache, if that doesnt work reinstall.7. DO NOT USE MSAA! They might fix this, but I wouldnt hold my breathGraphic optimization1. Hair looks really good, but also bad if you play on a highish resolution with no AA. I recommend using 10801440p with FXAA. I honestly think this game looks worse in 2160p than 1080p buildings look nice though.2. Shadow texture quality on Low is a must, if you need extra FPS, and looks very simlar to High.3. I think Ultrahigh texture quality is worth it, but a few times I had to lower it to get OK FPS. Evironmental quality looks pretty good even on low.Part IIMainStoryies1. This game probably has the best personal historical story out of all of the AC games to date.2. The assasins brotherhood story is garbage.3. The modern outsideoftheanimus story doesnt exist.Minigames/Sidemissions1. Assasination missions finally have decent plots now, If you pay attention to dialog and the database entries they can be really enjoyable.2. Murder mysteries, these are awesome. I found myself getting out a notebook and jotting things down to remember what clues I found, or who said what.3. There a few others, all puzzle orientated.Coop1. Coop missions have unique stories which are a lot of fun. They are playable solo, with friends or strangers. They get repetative quickly, but there are a lot of different ones to chose from.Graphics1.Graphically this game is amazing. Its really hard to comprehend the scope of this games world. I would really compare this games world to GTAV, but more compact and with detailed interiors and exteriors.2. The faces, hair, facial movements are stupid good.Gameplay1. Very fluid, being able to freerun down things makes the game so much more enjoyable. Before if you ran onto a small ledge you would have to do an awkward jump off, now you move how you want to.2. The fighting mechanic is a bit different than previous AC games, since youre camera is much more personal. You now actually have to rotate youre camera to be able to see if someone is about to attack you. I feel like this mechanic is much more engaging and feels less like an impersonal button masher.Part IIIReasons to get AC Unity1. Tons of historical locations, with tons of detail. Videos on YouTube do not do the buidlings justice.2. Very solid personal Story3. Good Story based sideactivities that make you think4. 20 hours of gameplay I ended up doing about 45ish hours for the main story  dead kings DLC5. Youre addicted to the assassins creed series.Reasons not to get AC Unity1. Huge let down in terms of modern storyline progression.2. Garbage assassins Brotherhood storyline3. You have a need for MSAA4. Lots of listening and reading to get the full story5. You still havent recovered from ACIII