Edit 1/15/15 recommended Unsure So four patches in and I have lost some of my anger at the deception of the Prize Drop, the MAIN reason I wanted this game. I did have dreams of going to Paris to learn a little about food there. After all, I am a chef. But that aside, I should really get into the meat and potatoes. I played though the main story and its not bad. Though I shoudl point out that at the close, technically our protagonist, Arno, isnt really an Assassin, having been banished form the guild and Paris to boot. This is somewhat different than Black flag, where Kenway wasnt officially an Assassin until the game was almost over.In this respect there needs to be some fleshingout. Like why is Arno able to return to Paris unharassed? He was unanomously cast out, additionally, his work with the Templars put him in this gray area in regards to his alliance to either faction. Perhaps Dead Kings will clear this ambiguity up?Gemplaywise, its not that bad, and the story is actually somewhat solid aside form the plothole mentioned. I am quite happy with the Ghost Blades use, as in previous games, using a gun tends to draw attention. This was somewhat remedied with 3s bow and arrow, and Black Flags blowpipe. But This leaves yet another plothole if Arno was cast out of the Assassins guild, why did they allow him to keep such an advanced weapon?Im not too fond of multiplayer. Assassins are supposed to be stealthy and the Creed kind of pushes that. But more often than not, multuiplayer missions left me frustrated with a lack of an ability to communicate with fellow players AND the fact that it seems that everyone else just runs in and kills with reckless abandon, throwing the entire concept of being an Assassin totally out of the window.Lastly, having finished the main story, theres no resolution as the player, you who was recruited by the Assassins to find out about the Sword of Eden. While I udnerstand that the players computer assumes the role of the Animus, this game could possibly have been called something else outside the Franchise and it woudl have been better that way.Recommended NO Ubisoft does not  honor their advertisement for the Gillotine Prize Drop for Steam purchases when clearly advertised as such. 