While this game definitely has more than its fair share of issues, it is surprisingly fun. The biggest issue I had occured before I got my 8GB GTX 1070, and was using a 4GB R9 380X as my graphics card of choice. I was experiancing countless bugs when I had this card, even though it is a relativley decent card, with the biggest issue being when I finally reached Paris and climbed Notre Dame for the viewpoint, the game completely crashed. So I tried it again, and it crashed again. Thankfully, the game was still in the refund period on Steam, so I refunded it.The biggest complaint to be had about the game is this though. WHY CAN I NOT DELETE MY SAVEGAME FROM WITHIN THE GAME MENUS?!? You would think that is the standard, but to delete the savegame, you must search through file system on your computer to do so.After getting my new card, I decided to try it again. Thankfully, this card has the necessary power to actually play the game at a decent framerate with minimal issues. The biggest issue now with the game is the pop in is horrible. It does not really break the game, but it definitely is annoying. Also, sometimes missions glitch and you need to exit them and restart it. For the most part, the glitches are not game breaking, just annoying.Graphically, the game looks pretty great. I play on High settings with framrates that usually stay around 55 fps.I have not quite decided how I feel about the combat yet. It is very different from the other Assassins Creed games. My only realy issue is that in the beginning of the game before I really was able to upgrade my armor, there were riflemen who could shoot me only once or twice and I would die. There is no visual low health indicator other than looking at the health bar, so you may not even realize you have low health. Thankfully, after getting much better armor, I hardly ever die now, regardless of the strength of the enemies I go up against.I am not far in the story as of writing this review, simply because I have been doing all of the side missions to try to upgrade my armor and weapons. So far, the story is ok. It certainly is not very memorable and I would not consider it great. The best part so far is the very beginning where you play as a medieval Knights Templar.Overall, if you have a powerful enough graphics card and want to play all of the Assassins Creed games, then you should consider getting this. You may want to wait until a sale, but it really is not that bad of a game at all, it just has its issues. However, unless you have a really good graphics card, like a GTX 1070 or better, then I would probably hold off on getting this game until you have a more powerful system.UPDATE I have now completed the game and all of the singel player missions, and I have a few more little issues. The map is too clutterred, unless you tab over to narrow down what appears on the map. This makes it hard sometimes to see what you are looking for. The description of certain items as to how you can unlock them is pitiful and I would argue inaccurate. Example, Altairs outfit just say it unlocks by completing helix rift missions. In reality, it unlocks by either finding all of the artifacts in the helix rift missions which I did not even know about until the last ones, or by collecting a specific one in the medieval france one. Also, the decription for Arnos Master Assassin outfit could be better. The description say you acquire it by completing all single player sequences. I took this to mean all of the single player side missions as well, so I did them. It should just say something about assassinating the final boss. I know they wanted to keep from spoiling who the final boss was, but they could have phrased it to just hide who the boss was. Overall, the story was OK. It is certainly forgettable, but it didnt suck like some people here say. Again, I will reiterate my main point, if you like the AC games and have a powerful enough system to handle it, then you should consider getting AC Unity