Assassins Creed Unity manages to turn a solid action game with a satisfying combat experience in to a horrid crossbreed of a dated stealth game and an RPG. It seems that Ubisofts goal with this game was to create a more focused assassin experience,  la Hitman, but they failed. Horribly. I honestly wanted to like this game, even managed to at times, but never before have I felt so conflicted about an Assassins Creed game.They improved upon the freerunning system, which they honestly dont deserve too much credit because everyone was expecting that one. Nevertheless, the new system works pretty well and the ability to freerun down from atop buildings and into the streets makes moving around more fluid and natural. If only the character didnt feel so floaty and weightless.They messed up the combat system for reasons beyond my comprehension, deciding to bring back the good ol combat of the very first Assassins Creed. Thats right, no more chainkills or fluid termination of opponents. Instead, fighting is now a slogfest, where you are battling against the controls just as much as you are battling your foes. This makes it difficult, that much is true, but not fun. Not in any sense of the word. The animations are slow and during this time any of the soldiers you are fighting can shoot you. Not only that, if you choose to run from them, they can snipe you from any distance as long as they see you and their bullets go through crowds, buildings, walls etc. Have fun trying to survive!Ubisoft also thought that hey, since people like RPGs so much, lets turn our flagship action game into an RPG instead! and that turned out... awful, you guessed it. It couldve maybe worked if they had actually sunk some time and effort into creating a cool leveling system to actually specialize your assassin, but its all smoke and mirrors. In truth you are only spending skill points into skills and abilities that were granted right from the start to us in most of the recent titles doubleassassination, blending etc. and all this system managed to do is disappoint you. The only positive thing is the outfit customization system, where you can choose each piece of armor individually. But guess what? They have stats. Like that hood you have right now? Forget it, its gonna be obsolete sooner or later. This is somewhat, crudely, remedied by the ability to wear a skin with no stats ontop of your mixandmatch armor, like Ezios robes for example.I have completed approx. 50 of the games single player missions and I am considering of deleting the intallation and just going straight for Syndicate. Im a fan of the story can you believe that? and have never ever even considered of skipping a major title in the series. With Unity, I have nothing but regrets.I am going to add a short list of pros and cons below that I can think of at the spot.Pros Freerunning system has been improved with the ability to freerun down from atop buildings and obstacles Missions, especially the bigger assassinations, seem very openended Sidemissions are numerous and I enjoyed the majority of them so far. Never did this many sidemissions in any previous game in the seriesCons Arno feels like a ripoff of Ezio. A very poor one. Character movement has no weight to it like in previous titles Horrible amount of grinding required just to advance the story They brought back the combat system from the very first Assassins Creed without counterattacks Removal of hidden blade combat Fewer combat animations, gets repetitive really quick No fast walking, dumbed down movement controls when not climbing RPG elements Seriously, you have us level for basic abilities, like doubleassassination? Foes have supernatural detection abilities, new stealth mechanics sneaking do not make up for this A variety of different bugs and glitches, never encountered similar in prevous titlesAll in all, I can only recommend this to diehard fans of the series like myself. Everyone else should either watch a lets play or just pass this one. I managed to like it only because the freerunning system feels almost fantastic now and some of the missions are very fun, but all in all its a halfarsed attempt to turn AC into a hybrid of Hitman and The Elder Scrolls and it simply doesnt work here, not with this level of work and commitment anyway. How Ubisoft failed to foresee this and launch the game regardless is anyones guess. I hope the guys responsible for the design choices got fired. He/they deserved it.