My first words after finishing the game are are youkidding me?????. Read bottom of review to find out why, Spoiler warningGameplay 7/10Story campaign 3.5/10ProsGood visualsGood weapon and equipment variety to suite gameplay styleFast parkourMost mission levels were unique and engagingCharacters were well designed, developed and memorable.Ingame database is wellCons story spoilers bottom of listWith doing reasonable side missions and completed single player campaign total progress was 36. A cheap tactic making it look like thegame has so much more to offer but does not.I hated the riddle quests. Never made sense and was not fun or engaging.STILL many ingame bugsThe ingame store is VERY unbalanced, the legendary equipment is too expensive compared to the scrap money you make when completing side missions.Way too many money chests that can waste hours of collecting. I never cared to.No solid French accents for any characters except sometimes for protagonist, Arno.Stupid eagle vision is upgradable with equipment not even skill points.Stupid eagle vision has limited range and annoying cool down.Like any ubisoft game, copy and pasted enemies make combat predictable and boring.When completing the game you get the Sword of Eden item but you cannot use its unique ability making it wasted potential. Apparently it stops working for unexplained reasons.Story is VERY poorly written with many plot holes.The first thing thatme off the most was that the whole point of the game was for the initiate to find the sages body in the French revolution period 17891799. When the game finished they said the sages body was too decayed for any valuable DNA samples. If that was the case then I dont know what they were expecting from a200 YEAR OLD DEAD BODY?????? The Assassins creed unity game contributed nothing to the modern day assassins or their struggle. It would have made more sense to look for the sword of Eden. But that alone is its own plot hole.The second thing thatme off is that Elise did not have to die. For the whole game there was romance between Elise and Arno so it would have made more sense for the game to have a lived happily ever after ending instead of a tragic romance twist. This is because the game had nothing else to offer. Once Arnos craving for revenge has been satisfied and Elise died that was the only focus of the game so this left me with a soo now what? thought.Finally the assassins creed brotherhood in the revolution period was pointless. Besides teaching Arno how to fight I dont know why Arno was so depressed when he was expelled from the brotherhood. He clearly stated he wanted to use the brotherhood for revenge and he still had the goal of taking down the Templar grand master. Also after getting expelled you can still take on assassin contracts and visit the brotherhood sanctuary so this made no sense.