Okay, theres been a lot of hate towards Ubisoft and it seems like everyone on that bandwagon is oblivious as to how bloody difficult it is to create an AAA game as large as ACU in a year. Mind you, this is coming from a Computer Science programming student who graduates in four months, so my input has little structure to it sarcasm.First, lets discuss how dramatic of a jump it was engine code wise from Black Flag to Unity. They rewrote the engine. Next topicokay, Ill elaborate on this one. Rewriting an engine is not something new, but its insane to do this in a period of one year. Other companies like Blizzard and Bethesda had more time to rewrite their engines. They rewrote the engine AND expected to get all the game content done in a year. Talk about unreasonable deadlines.Second, in the game engine, the crouching just the crouching feature alone took SIX MILLION LINES OF CODE! Thats a single feature in the game. You know what else has six million lines of code? The servers that launch Tomahawk missiles. Let me put this in another perspective, no student alone has written half that amount over their time four years at school. Maybe one million, but not three. There are so many bugs that could happen in SIX MILLION LINES and that doesnt take in account for how it might affect the other features of the game. So theres that.And lastly, they had a year to do ALLLLLL these changes with the new AI interface theyre using on top of the coop mode, which still needs work in the rules department since most of individuals who play it are autistic twelve yearolds setting off every alarm in the map. You cant even fathom how unrealistically high the expectations of this game were on every level. And Im emphasizing unrealistically as in it wasnt going to happen in a year without a lot of hickups.So let me wrap up by saying, its not entirely Ubisofts fault this game didnt meet the expectations right after release. You guys pushed them. Giving them bucket loads of preorder cash, does not make the game developing process go faster. If you a programmer needs to finish his software in a month, but he needs another month to do it without flaws, throwing twice the amount of money in his face wont get it done faster. If an artist needs more time on a canvas, dropping 300K doesnt help get it done on time. Sure you could argue they couldve hired more people to work on it, but do you have any idea how much more confusion that makes for the development team once theyre already halfway done with it? Ill admit, you need a powerful computer which is why I had to buy a new GPU for this game, and it still have a few bugs that need fixing, but its still a good game right now. At the time it was a disaster, but thats because it was released before it was finished, only because the bratty puberty entering fanbase would have had a tantrum if the game had to be delayed a couple months.Tldr Wait 34 months after the launch of an Ubisoft game, itll be worth the money then. and this game requires next gen equipment, not your GTX 670