REVIEW MADE IN 2015 OPINIONS MAY VARYDo you want the honest opinion about Assassins creed Unity from a diehard fan of the AC franchise? Well, sit back, cause this is gonna be one hell of a ride.Lets talk about the hype... When Unity was annonced back in summer of 2014 i was excited. an AC game whitout any stupid ship gameplay? ill love it D and then it begun. Me and the rest of the community started hyping up the game and thats a bad thing since the game developers has trouble delivering and we shouldent expect this much from ubisoft anyway. So the hype basically destroyed unity... but more on that later, lets talk about the game.StoryAssassins creed Unity takes place druing the french revulution. In the present, the modern assassins are racing against the Templars to find, shortend down, a soontobe animus test subject with a extra amount of memories about his ancestors. If the templars find him first, they will be able to locate a large amount of information about  the first civilization and find more pieces of eden. The assassins ofcourse wont let this happen and decides to send multiple assassins into the animuses in order to find information about the soontobe test subject before the templars can. We take control of a nameless/faceless Assassins that inturn takes controll of the soontobe Assassins Arno Dorian. We follow Arno from a child, to a young adult and finally a full grown Adult, where the assassin part kicks of. whitout spoiling anything, Arno eventully runs into the test subjects ancestor and proceds to find him in the present time.But thats just the icing of the cake, theres a lot more going on in paris with tones of side quests witch mixes in a bunch of famous and historical characters that Arno helps out in various ways.GraphicsAs a next gen title the game looks pretty..that means if you actully manage to play on anything over medium quality.. Thats the real problem with Unity, its choppy framerate. Even though i might suffer from the occasionally freeze of fps drop when i enter a new area or a new quest loads up, it docent even come close to what ive seen some people, with far better computers than i have, run into. Some people cant even play the game on low quality, and cutscenes cant even be watched for some of them. Lets go over what we know.Im fully capable of playing the game on high quality, but i stick to medium since i dont really care about the graphics. Like i mentioned before, the cutscenes run smoothly and nice for me and rare frame drops and freezes happen occasionally but my computer is kinda slow, so its expected. overall, it runs smoothly for me and i dont have any major problems.JESUS CHRIST! Some people cant even play the game because of the constant drops in frame rate, freezes and overall  choppyness. Turning around barely renders and actions takes point to registrer.Yeah, its that bad!! I used to consider my self lucky that i my game only freezed about 3 times per session, but now i think that my game is some kind of god sent gift considering some people crash, freeze or drop 50 frames per minute! !The pc realese has recived multiple optimizations but i cant tell the diffrence, i hope ubisoft decides to fix the graphics at some point.GameplayActully, this is the games strong point. There are many sidequests and constant events in the streets around paris, multiple chests that can be approached diffrently and collectibles spread throughout the city, ready to be collected!! So you definitely wont be bored while your roaming the city. Unity also decides to step back to the days of AC Revulations by having alot of weapons, armors and skills! You can earn money but investing in buldings, loot it or steal it. The parkour system has also been simplified, as you can control your way through the city much easier. By holding down the UP button while freerunning, Arno will jump higher of climb buildings faster, and by holding the DOWN button, Arno will decend buildings more quickly, jump downwards while freeruning on buildings or more quickly move past small obstacels. If neither of these arnt your cup of tea, you can simply hold down the sprint button and Arno will perform either UP or DOWN as he see fits. Although this makes free running look cooler and easier to perform, its kind of unnecessary. You will also recive money from quests and community events. Thankfully there isent a level requirement to buy or equip the weapons, you simply have to buy them and equip them. Unity also introduces the phantom blade, witch replaces the knife, hidden gun and crossbow. it has its own small arrows and berserker darts, witch makes a return in this game. Unity also has diffrent classes that you can play in order to findout witch playstyle fits you the most.Combat More challenging than in other AC games, in this one you cant just counter and kill everybody in a giant chain, as you actually need skill and you need to be on the lookout for heavy swingers and marksman that can interrupt your combos. This playstyle is simple in the beginning but picks up in difficulty later in the game.Stealth Yeah, this game actully gives out Assassin a chance to hide. You can crouch behind object and hide behind corners. Sneak around, distreacting targets to sneak past them and lockpicking doors. This playstyle is more difficult to master, since you always have to be alert and your rear and minimap and make effective use of the eagle sense. You can thow smoke bombs and cherry bombs to make distractions to either assassinate a target or sneak past them. Using the phantom blades effectively takes practise and you always have to have a plan B, in case you get discovered.Marksman/Sniper Definitely the easiest class to master, the Marksman/Sniper favours Guns and the phantom blade over pure combat strength. This class is all about staying out of combat and being support for other Assassins, however if you play by yourself, this class can be quite tricky to main, since you need to stay out of sight more often.So with some selection in the mix, this game surely mixes it up, however, this classes are simply subclasses, and they all go through the same quests and story. no diffrence. You may have noticed how i mentioned  however if you play by your self before. Thats because Unity has the heaviest emphasis on Coop than any other AC unity game. You nee to join a club in order to 100 the game, certian, bigger, harder missions require help from other assassins, witch can become annoying after a while, thankfully, there is still the singel player story HOWEVER, its incredibly short. So if your planning to get this game, make sure you have some freinds to play with, otherwise you might sit there and not be able to finish certain missons.CONCLUSSIONSo its obvious that i like the game, but can i recommend this to you? or can i recommend this to someone who has never played an AC game before?... well short and simple... No. I wouldent be able to reccomend this game to, well, anyone and still feel good about my self. This game, although it looks good, for some lucky people, and plays good, if you like constanly getting pepered about club compition and boosts, it still falls short compered to other games. Although ive always liked AC and gladly thrown my money at them, they really disappointed me with Unity. The lacking story, the cliche ending, the AI isent very good, the lacking single player story and MICROTRANSACTIONS?! No. dont buy this peice of money grab. and dont make this your first AC game, buy AC2 in that case. But, if i cant convince you, please approch this game with cation.... This is certainly the last game i preorder from Ubisoft. And dont trust Uplay. As of today, im not gonna recommend this to my freinds. As a hardcore fan of AC, this game fell down under the hype and just became a short, money grabbing side project..And remember guys, Udontplay. Ubisoft plays YOU. And thanks for reading. 