This game is an interesting new perspective in the ACUniverse.For a appropriate evaluation its important to let oneself not be too influenced by the forerunner Black Flag and Rogoue, because the gameplay, environment, character development and story are worlds apart. This review will be long so consider you warned When I say long, then I mean essay. For those reading to the end my thanks.For people expecting the large map resulting in massive freedom of places to go to from mentioned forerunnners will be certainly disillusioned. But its only to be expected. Paris is not the Caribbean neither the NorthAtlantic. For reference its much more fruitful to remember AC II Brotherhood and Revelations. From there you can draw some parallels.First to the gameplay. Not rarely AC Unity is said to be utterly unplayable because of huge amount of bugs. Also disturbing for much seems to be a new type of parcourmovement. To the bugs I can just say I dont encounter them more often in the game than in other AC titles. The parcour is another thing. You will find it impossible to jump from to high places and at the start its annoying because of the regular use in earlier games, but soon one can adapt. The reason is, that in the mentioned forerunners, there is not so much of a huge population resulting in buildings beeing at time together but also quite often having gaps between them that make it impossible to continuously jump from one to another. In Unity the buildings are much closer. There is simply no reason to make risky jumps.The fighting situation has changed a lot also. The fighting abilities of groops of enimies is higher than before and its now not natural to just slaughter yourself through dozens of enimies without much of a damage to speak. Thats because now most of the unoccupied enemies dont just stand around and look their comrades die, but aim at you with their guns. EVERY man now have one, not just the higher ranked. While there isnt so much difference in using different weapons as before, there is a huge variety of usable weapons now, and because of speed/damage and other attributes the way of fighting efficiently with them also differ Just forget about the handling of long weapons. NO ONE by sense would use them this way. Same for the armor. Sets specialized on distinct game styles make the creation of  ones character a step more individualistic.The graphic is a point of taste. Roughly speaking the quality concerning the detail has dropped. But what is used, creates a whole new atmosphere. Imagine yourself walking through one of those paintings of the Old Masters like Ruben or van Gogh. Sorry, but I really thought that when I first saw it myself. At first glance one might label it just a downgrade from before, but if you let yourself immerse in it, it gives of just the right mix of making the mud and blood much more gore and ugly and the facade lighten up by the sun just as marvelous as Paris can be.Character development dont just start and end with the choice of weapon as it was before. Aside the before mentioned armor sets you can/have to buy also various abilities with a own currency. You cant have them all from the beginning as they are unlocked as you play through the main story.  They further specialize your protagonist and holds the whole process of upgrading fun and worthwile over the time. For players trying to get and buy everything as soon as possible in the game it is an ideal setting. For those not containing to this groop there is the way of getting appropriate equipment by completing the missions at hand.At last there is the story. I try not to spoiler too much, but if you are highly sensible in this regard, I recommend you to skip this paragraph. As this is the last, at this point my thanks to you continuing until here. For the restThe story, or rather the background of the actual storyline is a bit different from the ones before. In this game you have comparatively little connection to the whole forerunnerracething. Its not completly absent but its also not on the level as it was in Rogue or Black Flag, more the less as in the original ACseries with Desmond. This is also the case for the Assassins and Templar. While they were before mysterious factions lurking in the shadows and waging a war that is just superficially scratching at the surface of history and creating a kind of bystanderperspective to the normal world this doesnt include AC III as for some the american revolution is to heavy a topic to go by it as a bystander , in AC Unity you have Assassins more directivly active in the politics. Also the pattern of chosen protagonists that are from the beginning not your everyday assassin novice and strangely jump right into the stuff of masterassassincaliber, dont dwindling in the basic stuff is not the one of Unity. You are not overly special just a bit and take also missions that are not the heroic kind of savingtheworld and/or destroyingthewholeTemplarOrder kind of thing. But as mentioned there is also no kind of enravelthepuzzleofmankind.So this is the end, its long enough. If you even now dont know if to buy the game or not, then I also cant help anymore. Thanks for everyone who perservered to the end. I hope this is helpful for whoever wants whatever to do with it.