This just may be the worst game I have ever played. So far I spent 1 1/2 hours of my life into this game, and Ive gotta say, the amount of bugs, glitches and untriggered Scripts that make any progress impossible, is so high that its hazardous to your health.Well lets start with what this game does right, shall we? Assassins Creed always stood out for me, compared to other games based on a yearly cycle, in a way that it created rich, living environments and great stories that enrich the lore of the franchise, and Assassins Creed Unity does that right. Hell, its the best its ever been. Frankly, I had to turn the graphics down so much to get somewhere near playable framerates that not much of this is left, but from what you see in lets plays and walkthroughs, this game has a beautiful open world to offer. And that is where the problem is for me. Unity is a good game. While I played horrendous garbage like SW Force Unleashed 2 or Ghost Recon Future Soldier, these games actually worked. They were pure trash, but from the technical aspect, they were perfectly playable. Now you know Unity is a great game, and from what I play I can confirm it, hell, it may even live up to its hype from the gameplay/story aspects, but this gold is buried under a glacier of bugs, glitches, an FPSrate from hell and otherlike that, that makes it completely impossible to enjoy this game in any way.Now I know, many of you are already tired of the Assassins Creed Formula, and some even have expected this trainwreck. Still, AC releases have always been stable and customer friendly, regardless if they were good games or not, they were always playable on PC and always atleast a pretty ok port. So what the  happened Ubisoft? This was your chance to give the series a new start, a new direction, which it frankly bitter needed. And the worst thing is, theyve made it, as far as I know. A functioning stealth system added to new RPG elements and tons of customization options. So how is it possible that they screw up the release so bad? This is the worst AAA release ever, by far. Added to those issues the App/Microtransaction t is a major slap in the face for every customer and should be sorted out quickly. I mean, years ago they called getting the best gear for free, cheat codes, now you gotta open your damn wallet. If this installment of the AC series was some cheap ing f2p moba I would understand if they need to do this kind of bullcrap, but this is a 70 full price release. Gimme a ing break Ubisoft.The Problem I see here is that if Ubisoft  these games out on a yearly basis, they dont even ing care about patching the issues with their trainwreck games theyve put out this year. I mean theyre obviously already working on the 3 successor titles for this piece of arent they. Now critical gamers might have seen this coming by a long shot, but for me theres no ing way of foreseeing this kind of I can tell from gameplay trailers if the gameplay is fine, if I like the graphics and the artstyle of the game, but theres no way I could have seen this kind of release t. I mean as a paying customer, I expect my games to work on release. Patches should fix the issues like crashes that happen maybe once a week or so, and should NOT be there to make the game playable. This is a trend that is endangering our hobby and our love for games in my opinion, and if Ubisoft doesnt pull their ing head out of their I swear to god I will have to change my hobby back to reading books and playing the guitar all day long.I understand that they have to rush it out for christmas and that they have to look for alternative monetizing options these days, but for the games I payed 70 bucks for, thisis unacceptable. I played this game for not even 2 hours now, already had to endure 3 game breaking crashes. Well atleast laughing at the ridiculous physics of hair and clothing with my mate here it didnt make me ing quit in the first place, but I cant bite my way to the end of the game in its current state. I really want to play this game, want to hear the stories it has to tell, but hell no. Ubisoft got its payments from its loyal customer, and in the end, screw me. Money is all that matters to these s today, and thathas to stop. Assassins Creed is one of my favorite game franchises of all time despite its on the ropes since 3 and I refuse to let you cashgrabbers at Ubisoft  with it.