WARNING!! Some spoilers for storylines from previous games!! !The game is gorgeous but riddled with bugs. Even after Patch 4 came out with 300 plus fixes, they still didnt fix everything. I still had my game randomly crash in the middle of a coop game. One time it was in the middle of a timed mission. Needless to say, I failed that mission. I have a brand new Alienware 17 laptop with great specs. I have zero ability to play with a mouse and keyboard do to the crappy framerates and everything not running smoothly. However this is easily avoidable with a controller. Game runs perfectly with my controller. I really hate that all of the best gear is locked down by these club quests that arent even available to complete yet. They allow you to but a piece of gear here and there but you cant complete any one set so in order for your outfit to look even remotely uniform, you have to equip an outfit. Oh and dont get me started with the assassins creed initiates crap. Good luck unlocking the initiates chest with it since it doesnt even work properly. Also, the companion app has a bug that randomly resets your data so if youre going for Altairs outfit, good luck with that. Because once reset, the data is unrecoverable. However ubisoft will refund any points spent on Uplay towards the companion app. The syncing of the companion app with the game was terrible at first but works alot better now so the chests and quests are actually doable in game without having to wait on assassins in the app to fetch them which was obnoxious since it locked them down for 2472 hours at a time.The story is engaging if a bit repetative. Having to deal with a constant stream of revenge killings was a little on the lax side of things. I missed the good ole days where you played one character desmond in the real world through multiple games and the story carried over and was enganging. The assassins and templar conflict arried over from virtual to reality and the history was tied in more thoroughly with alot more stories to be had. This story seemed rushed and a lot like they were running out of material. There was no out of the animus time. After Desmond was killed in ACU, you were introduced to some random character in Black Flag to walk around Abstergo with but you have no real attachment to your IRL character at all. Now you dont even have an IRL character, its all animus, all the time. The cross between the real world and the virtual world was powerful and when story carried over between games, kept you coming back for more. Now I feel like I have no real investment in the story except a quick little play by play of some events in 17th century France. While the coop is fun, this game isnt really worth 60 bucks. It feels like there is just something missing. Plus, no follow up with Juno after Desmond gave himself up to save humanity and at the same time, sick Juno on the world? Way to leave a persistant cliff hanger Ubisoft... 