Controversial opinion time  Assassins Creed Unity is actually a pretty good game.  Its certainly not the best AC and it did have an awful launch, but now that the game has patched out all the major issues its definitely worth a playthrough.AC Unity got slammed at release, and rightfully so.  It was really hard to play the game for the first week or so due to really annoying bugsfalling through the world, getting stuck on objects, etc.  Performance was also bad, but I cant really comment on that considering my rig was well below the recommended specs, yet I could still average around 2530fps.  Falling through the world and other missionending bugs were all patched after about a week.  By Christmas, nearly every bug was taken care of.  After Christmas, all companion app/initiates t was patched out.  That last part really disappointed me since I loved the companion app for Black Flag so much, and they took 3 steps backward with the Unity one, but I digress.  Microtransactions in the game made me shake my head, but they are completely ignorable.  If you actually bother to play the game past the first few hours it ends up like every other AC where ingame money is such a nonissue you almost wonder why its a part of the game at all.  Seriously, do the Cafe sidequests just like doing the Villa/City restorations in AC2 at the start of the game and youll have more money than you know what to do with.So now that we covered performance issues, lets talk about the game.  Arno is a bland, inoffensive protagonist but I grew to like him by the end.  Elise was a likeable counterpart to Arno and I enjoyed the character development between them.  I also liked Arnos place in the storyfor the first time since AC2, were just some random cog in the Assassin machine.  Theres nothing particularly special about Arno, hes just a dude who joined the assassins.  Unlike in BrotherhoodBF where our protagonist is the great charismatic leader, single handedly saving the brotherhood!  That story thread grew old after a while so I liked seeing Arno take missions from the leaders and get chewed out when he acted like a dumbass.  The Abstergo element in Unity is so pointless it might as well not exist, and the end to the game left a really bad taste in my mouth.  All that said the story was enough to keep me engaged through to the end.Gameplaywise, the changes to the combat system are a welcome addition.  No longer is it just counter an enemy and then mash X until everyone is dead.  The large variety in weapons is also a nice touch, although it is sad they removed the ability to disarm an enemy and use their own weapon against them.  Customizing your armor is also neat since it allows you to tailorfit your skill perks to your preferred method of gameplay.  My one big grip about combat is that enemy riflemen do FAR too much damage and are WAY too accurate.  I would be ok with the damage they dealt if they attacked slower or missed every once in a while, but from the startmidgame one shot will almost kill you by itself.In Unity, we have the addition of multiplayer.  I have always liked the PVP multiplayer from AC since it is pretty unique.  Unity does away with that and adds in true coop for the first time in the series history.  I love how seamlessly it is worked in and the variety in the missions.  You can even free roam.  My one complaint is that the coop missions do not balance themselves if you choose to play them singleplayer, and in one specific case it can make a mission nearly impossible to do solo.Lastly, one of the big selling points for any AC gamerunning around historical cities.  Paris is huge with lots to explore and I never really got bored running around.  I couldve done without so much of the minimap collectable vomit, but hey at least there is always something to see.  Side missions have a decent varietyI especially liked the Murder Mystery missions.Overall I think this game was judged too harshly.  Everyone is always quick to jump on the Ubisoft hate train and rightfully so with how the game launched, but where does that put us now?  Almost every single major complaint about the game has been fixed or patched out by this point, but all you will see on the Steam reviews page are the original launch reviews and circle jerk one liners.  Not to mention, that even with how much those reviews berate the game and Ubisoft, almost all of them still show 30 hours spent with the game.  Unity does so many things right that its sad to see it get slammed for technical issues that couldve been fixed before launch if they didnt rush to get it out for the holiday season.Do I recommend this game?  If you are a fan of the Assassins Creed series, then a resounding yes.  If you have a passing interest, I would say yes although certainly wait for it to go on sale.  Give Unity a fair chanceit is not the same game today that it was last November.