The word bad port is thrown around a lot in PC gaming these days, and while I dont think this game is necessarily the best port, its not a bad one either. Its pretty par for the course as far as that goes.Im seeing a lot of bad reviews for this game, and I feel like some of these people are simply new to PC gaming.There has never, and will never be an issuefree PC game launch or any system, for that matter. A few weeks ago, Ubisoft released minimum specs for this game that seemed steep, to say the least, but they arent without merit. This game is very demanding. However, you can go on youtube and fine plenty of examples of people running the game on older GTX 660s, and having a great time. Granted, these people wont be maxing it out, but what do you expect? I think thats a lot of the issue with PC gamers these days, they expect midlow range hardware to run everything at 60fps, but the issue is, these same people will be the ones accusing consoles of holding back PC gaming tomorrow.Now, on to my experience, and firstly, my specsCPU Intel Core i7 3770k  4.9GHzGPU EVGA GTX 980 4GBRAM 16GB G.SKILL 2133MHzSoundcard Creative Soundblaster ZxOS Windows 8.1 64 BitMy experience has been great. Granted I do surpass the recommended requirements, but by definition, in PC gaming, theres nothing wrong with that. If you meet the minimum, you should be able to have a playable experience and sometimes expecting 60fps running minimum or less specs is unreasonable. If you meet the recommended, your experience should be pretty good assuming you dont have crashing issues, which could be attributed to a million different things that may not be the fault of the game.Anyway, as I said, my experience has been great. I have everything maxed out, except anti aliasing for obvious reasons and I have my shadows turned down to High instead of PCAA or whatever that option is, and honestly theres no real difference between the two. Everything else maxed out, textures, occlusion, vsync on etc. Im getting a very stable 60fps, with some drops down to 5556 or so when the game is saving, but its not something I notice. So its definitely a great experience.There are two issues I see, though. Texture streaming/pop in is one of them. I assume this is something that will be fixed relatively soon, and its not game breaking. Its more model pop in than anything, and its not like its right in front of you, but it is in the realm of 20 feet away which I think isnt really good. Theres also the FPS drop in cutscenes, but at the same time, theyre cutscenes, so it doesnt really cause a fuss.I recommend this game, but I dont guarantee a good experience for you if you just meet, or are under the minimum spec. I dont guarantee it wont crash for you, because that could be attributed to many different things with PCs, and its hard to pinpoint because every PC config is different, which is something that comes with the territory of being a PC gamer.I implore you to take the reviews with a grain of salt Mine included its launch day, and a lot of people tend to, like it or not, expect everything to be perfect immediately, which is literally not possible on PC. Youll find a lot of people just let their anger and frustration get the best of them, and sometimes that hurts ones ability to take logic into consideration. 