UPDATEComing back to this game months later when my friend finally gets a video card that can play it and... guess what? ... its forcing me to REinstall the ENTIRE 45 gigs AGAIN! 6th time. EVERY time your game has more than one update and youre NOT updating your game.. and it PASSES the LAST update without you doing it....FULL FCKING DOWNLOAD AGAIN!I  ... HATE ... THIS ... GAME ... !!!!!!This game has some serious issues with graphics as you have most likely already heard. It needs FAR too much power and mainly video memory for what you get as an end result. The release of this game is much like the first Crysis only those with the highest end computers can play it as its been advertised. Everyone else gets a normal quality game. Problem is, not one person is getting normal quality from anything in this game. Even people with TOP END machines are getting HORRIBLE framrates.While I understand setting the bar as high as possible, its wrong to advertise a game as playable at minimal graphics settings when you have to lower your resolution just to get 30fps on a card that was designed just a year ago. Someone that got a computer for Christmas LAST year should be able to run this game at nearly full settings... NOT nearly all LOW settings. Thats absolutly horrible.For the game itself, AWESOME! This game not the hardware/software part is the coolest AC game Ive played.. why? Because you can play with friends!Now, at this point I want to bring up a dead horse to beat and say that I WOULD have had ONE MORE of my close friends to play with, but 60 later we find out he cant even play the game... AT ALL.. because he has 1GB of video ram.THIS GAME NEED TOO MUCH VIDEO RAM!I will admit that my friends 1GB of video ram is pretty dated, but MY video card wich is slightly newer only has 2 and our other friend spent over 600 on his card summer before last and its only got 3GB..So, where does this company get off requring EIGHT FLIPPING GIGS to run on max settings? WTF? Did they use ZERO compresseion?!Check!Thats the EXACT problem. This game was made in a factory where they ALL had the best computer hardware money can buy... they use this to sell the game and make it look good, then dump SH i T on us!XboxONE  Aprox 28 FPS average.Playstation4  Aprox 22 FPS average.People are reporting that they think their consoles are locked at 30fps in some zones. This is just HORRIBLE design.I hope we get a patch to fix this stuff, but I seriously doubt it.