Just to be clear, I recommend you get this game if its on sale. So, first off, chances are this game has mixed reviews mainly because of launch day game breaking glitches and I dont blame people for being angry, but to give this game its dues, its now playable and it IS fun. Again, just purchase it on sale because while it is fun, it isnt like Assassins Creed 4 wherein I wouldnt regret dropping 60 to play at release.This game is fun, but it suffers from a number of problems and Ill list the top 3 here1. Equipment All of your stats are basically reliant on what equipment you wear, including ammo count, HP, ease of stealth, etc... Now while I understand why things like HP or Stealth are affected by your shirt and pants, but why is there no way to increase your ammo or lock pick amount outside of this? Expect to have to sacrifice some equipment for others, which isnt too bad, but it just isnt a needed restriction.2. Multiplayer The multiplayer is indeed fun, but the problem is that the multiplayer is mission specific only and you MUST play multiplayer to get a good amount of the points needed to get skills. Now this isnt something that should come as a surprise as since release it has been stated that the multiplayer would be mission specific, but, aside from the programming load, I dont understand why they didnt just make the whole game multiplayer, they dont even need to make multiple main characters, just let people play multiplayer without need to explain the extra players. This especially is displeasing when you find that the multiplayer missions take place in the normal map in single player mode so... it doesnt seem out of reach really.3. Sessions Jumps Not exactly sure what to call this, but basically its their out of character gimmick. In AC4 it was when you went around gathering information for the assassins when out of the animus, before that it was when you played as Desmond, but SPOILER here you play as Arno, just going throught different time periods and trying to get into another animus session so that Abstergo doesnt find you... and its not fun and not needed, it just randomly breaks fluidity of the story and its just so clunky and not fun. 