This is my best COOP Assassins Creed game. The.I never cared buying any Assassins Creed game before coz I can just play it somewhere else than PC. But the Assassiss Creed Unity caught my attention I have been longing to have the COOP on a Assassins Creed game. My excitement rushed all to my head for this game during announcement til near release. Okay great, promised Ill buy one! Lets sit and wait!All that excitement were gone immediately like wind that blew so cold and fast when I started reading a lot of complaints, issues, rage and all the negatives that everyone can throw on a game prior to that released date on pc. 100 hype  100 Failed at launch. I was very saddened by all that.ruined it all, Im not blaiming the entirehere just this developer studio for rushing it too soon. They made the original Assassins Creed that started it all and its hard to accept the fact how did they end up ruining the released of coop game in the franchise. Who would have thought of that...?! I hope they learned the lesson now and release a quality game next time.Well, lets get back to the game itself as of now at this point of day for my self review. Dont get me wrong here, despite all I said above I still love and like this game whatever everyone says about this. Great visual and stunning graphics Customizable Assassins Good story or should I say a love story huh? COOP System is remarkable You can play singple player while searching for COOP is on going. Its not a two seperate modes. Sort of interlinked together which is great. Do you know that when youre playing single player and someone is playing multiplayer that needs a buddy to play with then out of the blue a messenger will come running at on you or sometime it looks like an assassin is chasing you single player then tells you A friend needs your help! and you decide whether to accept to join him on a coop mission. Replayability, you can keep on playing it even if you have completed the main story. You can still do the other missions that are not connected to the main story. Ive completed mine in about 40hrs on the main campaign mission but I also did some few side missions and coop plays too. If youre gonna sync it 100 on everything might be 70100hrs I guess assuming youll enjoy coop and more exploration. Parkour and controls can be often frustrating than the previous ones Others said it is fluid once you master it but I guess we need more time to learn it. Demanding hardware requirements This! Be ready for it and make sure you meet the system requirement. Some small minor bugs I noticed on NPCs Sometimes it crashes after playing 34hrs not sure why. Its rare but its there.This game minimum system requirements is GTX 680 and min 2gb vram, this gpu have 1536 CUDA cores. This doesnt mean if you have a card higher than 680 in numbers youre good! Your GPU target must be in highend line not mid range or entry range. In short your card needs to beGTX 760 / 770M and up, GTX 960 / 960M and up if you want to run it at least on med/high settings on FullHD resolution. Of course you can get some midrange class cards and settle to run it on med/custom settings at lower resolution.But I Still recommend this game despile all the negative reviews. If those negatives dont have the patience and virtue to wait for Patches then I feel sorry for them. I say buy it guys but only during SALE maybe on 50 or better on 75 off. Its a good game above all those negative reviews and hate of everyone who despised this game that much.PS Dont let the negative reviews fool your own opinion and judgement until you have tried it yourself. If you know you have good decent hardware the passed the system requirements then buy it and play with the video setting that you system can only afford to run. Do not be a dreamer on running on highest possible settings that your system cannot even afford. Dont make such comparison about optimization on other games. This is game is on a whole lot different level that everyone should understand, deal with it and accept the fact thats already how it is.