At launch, this game was a mess, just like everyone states, but after playing for some time  the game became extremely fun. The graphics are amazingly well done, all the way down to the small things in the streets to the fabric and clothes. Although getting a new PC did not allow me to fully play at ultra settings seems to be a fault ingame, showing 300fps in the Uplay fps counter, whereas its actually 30..., I was still amazed by the graphics in game. Rarely I run into an instance of odd cloth physics or an out of place animation on character interactions, but other than that  the city is beautiful.The gameplay is amazing and not a button mashfest like some in the series, meaning your attacks actually have weight and an umph when doing actions, this of course makes you take your time and sort of plan what to do depending on your enemy and the class that they are. In all fairness, the thing I enjoyed the most was the fact that you really have to plan out how to complete the mission. For example, Sequence 12  Memory 3 The fight with Germain in his Temple wasnt that difficult, but getting into the actual temple and bypassing the guards took a lot of time. Not saying its a bad thing, but I feel its more engaging this way and makes the game a lot more enjoyable and fun.The sounds and effects of the city are actually really well done when you stop and pay attention to every little thing going on around you. The sound of footsteps changing depending on the terrain, the chattering of the locals, the fabric creating noises depending on if your wearing leather, cloth, or chainmail...its very impressive when you think about everything that is happening.All of the  things above make this an awesome addition to the franchise  althouh I have not played the full sequence of all AC games, I can say I really enjoyed playing the game  even with minor texture bugs where NPCs walked upside down or appeared from walls a few times... The only thing I would improve is the cooperative mode, but of course, not a lot of people play the game anymore, so maybe thats the issue. I tried to find a partner for one of the multiplayer missions, and after waiting 23 minutes, I gave up.Overall, with a rating of 8/10, I strongly recommend the game to anyone who loves climbing around on roofs and a long storyline. 