This game was not made for Assassins Creed fans, and on the rare occasions that it works as the developers intended, it is still dissapointing in both story and gameplay. The Uplay cloud save system deleted my game after 30 hours.Unity is absolutely deserving of all the criticism it is receiving for the dishonest tactic of placing the review embargo twelve hours after the release date. As the subsequent mixed reviews revealed, more than half of the content is inaccesible due to bugs. Coop is broken and does not work. The matchmaking system does not work. Any attempt to join a multiplayer session locks up the game and I cannot even continue without quitting and restarting. The top tier of armor and weapons is inaccessible due to bugs with joining clubs and completing coop missions. The ranking system is broken and tells me I am the highest Legend rank, and has told me so since 15 completion. The companion app is broken and does not work despite paying extra for the premium version. A significant number of the chests, money, collectibles, and equipment that are present in the singleplayer campaign require the use of the mobile app which does not work, leaving a large amount of clutter on the world map that cannot be hidden. They even managed to mess up the Initiates ranking and syncing, even though I painstakingly completed every Assassins Creed game to 100 synchronization in preparation for this game. Also, all Initiates content in regards to Unity still says Coming Soon a week after release, be it daily challenges, map puzzles, Initiate missions, even sync percentage.None of the gameplay changes are for the better. Combat was changed to make it harder but all that means is that you will be shot dead through walls and crowds in an instant without warning. Animations are less fluid and realistic than in previous games. Arno can leap across 20 foot alleys and climb up blank walls in ways that make no sense to anyone who has played the previous games. The modern day storyline has been abandoned and the French revolutionary characters are less than weak and speak in London and Cockney accents. The crowd events consist of two varities kill the criminal or tackle the thief and they are repeated every two to three minutes of gameplay. Another strange design choice are the frequent popups to let you know you have unspent skill points missions award two skill points but most skills cost five or eight skill points, so you will always have a leftover amount of skill points and wil be viewing this popup constantly or a seperate popup to let you know that you have used your hidden blade. Speaking of the hidden blade, the ability to use your hidden blade has been limited and become purely contextual. You can only use it under certain QTE circumstances and you must be in complete stealth, otherwise you must use your sword if there is any combat involved.Paris looks amazing and I feel bad for the artists whose work has been rendered worthless by other departments poor choices. My favorite moment of the game was experiencing an intentional glitch in the Animus that resulted in Arno being transported to 1944 occupied Paris, dodging tanks, machine gun fire, shooting down airplanes, and scaling an Eiffel tower adorned in Nazi flags. This was a main storyline segment and only temporary escape from the sad reality of the real game. Other than graphics which must be expected of the most recent entry in a video game series literally every single facet of the game is inferior to previous games. A first in the series are microtransactions in the singleplayer campaign. Uplay points are now awarded for purchasing and using boosts which make your character do more damage, make guards dumber, or make you earn more money. There are four types of currency now, three of which can be paid for with real money. You can unlock the fasttravel points around Paris for the singleplayer campaign by purchasing them in the ingame store. The game offers currency packs of up to 99. Fully upgrading your toptier gear requires purchasing tens of thousands of Helix credits from this store, or can be earned 100 creed points at a time by completing the same two events over and over requiring completing the same event 100 times to upgrade one item.When completing a main story mission, the game will crash to desktop just before hitting a save point. This happened to me three times within a two hour period. Are you a fan of the Assassins Creed lore and universe? Well, forget about that business because this game doesnt bother with it. Who is Arno and why are we observing him? Who is the descendant whose DNA we are looking at through the Animus? What is Juno up to these days? Where are Shaun and Rebecca? Shaun has a bit of dialogue but hes using a codename and we dont know why If Elise is really a Templar then why is she just a generic helpless female love interest who doesnt actually have any importance on the story? Why are the Miles family and the Kenway family completely irrevelvant now? Why is Abstergo trying to access precursor DNA? What is precursor DNA and how did we find a sample of it? What about the Apple of Eden and other precursor relics? What do the writers have against Les Miserables? Who are we playing as and why do we never even leave the Animus? Are we being held in an Abstergo facility and the Assassins are hacking into our brains? Who is the woman speaking to us, why is she important, and why have we never seen her before? Could they have used an actor we know from the previous games or was their fee too big? Was anyone involved with directing the story for this game aware of what the other Assassins Creed games are about? Why did they decide that this game does not need to have a main menu? Why can we only quit to desktop or edit options once we have completed the first section of gameplay? Why did they remove horses? Why did they remove hunting, crafting, guilds, allied factions, assassin signals, minigames, and challenges? Why was the most groundbreaking feature of this game the fact that you do not get any rewards for getting all of the collectibles? Why did they remove the unique and interesting multiplayer and put in a barebones coop mode that is clunky at best and gamebreaking at worst? Why did they lock a significant portion of items and skills behind this coop mode which does not currently work? Why does this game have a smaller scale and less content than each game in the series that came before it, even ones that came out five years ago?To top it all off, after 30 hours of doing my best to trudge through it and ignore the flaws in story, gameplay, and large chunk of inaccessible content, the single Uplay cloud save file that we are allowed to have has become corrupted by some invisible force, all progress has been lost, and Unity as a whole has become reduced to one smug dialogue box that I cannot escape Your save file has become corrupted. Would like you start a new game and overwrite it? Yes or Quit to Windows?