This is simultaneously the most immersive and immersion breaking open world game i have played recently. Paris has been lovingly recreated with a 11 scale, meaning when you walk up to or climb buildings they look massive and the same proportions as in real life, that makes a big difference from past Creed games.Graphically it looks superb with everything maxed out and you can tell Ubisoft put most of their effort into making the actual city in painstaking detail. The amount of NPCS in this is insane as well, usually open world games have far fewer people walking around the streets than you would expect. This goes the complete opposite direction, there is one mission where there are literally thousands of people you have to navigate through to find the target you need to assassinate.This is however also what fcked up the game and breaks the immersion for you as a player. Ubisoft hasnt managed to eliminate the bugs of NPCS appearing and disappearing in front of you, and some characters still swap their clothes at will. I cant stress how bad this is in the game, because there are always large crowds of people on the streets it happens CONSTANTLY and was really distracting to me. I eventually was able to ignore it after about 10 hours, but by that time i was just trying to finish the story missions.The game also still doesnt run that well because of i assume the large crowds of people. I would get between 40 to 60 fps with the settings all maxed out, and my pc is pretty good.There actually is a fckton of side content to do, but the few side missions i tried were rubbish. There are these new detective murder mystery missions you can solve where you have to talk to people and accuse the right person who you think did it. At the start of this it warned me not to accuse just anyone and to be sure of who i thought it was, so i thought that all the evidence pointing to the guy who obviously did it was a misdirection by one of the characters planting the evidence on the guy.......but no it actually is the guy you think it is, so its rubbish lol i didnt bother with the other murder mysteries.I tried co op but the one time it worked for me the guy immediately left, so good luck finding people to play with.Story wise its okay i guess, although there werent really any stand out missions that took me by surprise like in Rogue, also all the characters speak with an englishFRANCE lol, i was thinking about this and its either have the voice actors speak with a shtty french accent like Joseph Gordon Levitt in The Walk and give the game some charm, or do what they did and not even try.If you like Assassins Creed games and have a fairly powerful PC i would cautiously recommend this, the only bugs i witnessed were cosmetic, the game never crashed on me or had bugged missions like some past Creed games ive played. Its a shame Ubisoft fell at the last hurdle because the game does a lot of things well, its just that the things it does wrong are so consistent that it ruins a big part of the experience.