I love AC. Ive loved the series ever since the first installment. There has always been a good mix of storytelling, game mechanics, and lore to keep me interested. As far as that goes, Unity is no different. It offers a good though not groundbreaking in any way addition to the overall story, updated control system and animations, and it sits well in the series continuity. There are a few gripes I have with it on this front, but those are entirely creative differences, and I am totally willing to accept the developers right to tell the story they want to tell.The things I cant forgive are entirely technical. Admittedly, my rig is under the minimum requirements, but this is a boat shared by almost everyone, because the minimum system requirements are a farce. It is ridiculous to release a multiplatform game and expect that players on one platform will have to provide horsepower orders of magnitude higher than those on other platforms. I could have accepted the performance that I get with my system, if the game showed any regard for the graphical settings I chose to run.For exampleOn Low graphics preset, with antialiasing off I average 20 fps in most situations. Whatever, Im below the minimum as recommended by the publishers, if I have to live with that so be it.On UltraHigh graphics preset, with fxaa on I average about 19 fps in most situations, with no real difference in playability when compared to low.Admittedly a higher setting of AA does bring down the fps. Just putting this here for compleness sakeThis is ridiculous. If the game had tanked to 5 fps on ultra, I could call it a day and have fun with 20 fps, knowing that my equipment is really being pushed to its limit and delivering the best experience it can. This is obviously not the case, and for that I am disappointed.The game is gorgeous, the controls feel natural and forthemostpart fluid, and the coop is super fun. But this game is in beta, at best. At this point in time, it is not worth any money. I very highly recommend all of the previous AC games I, II, Brotherhood, Revelations, III, and IV, are all fantastic games. I would really love to recommend this game for the story, but there is a very, very small demographic that would find the price tag worth it for the story alone. If Ubi patches this game to where it runs smoothly, ACU would probably be my top game of the year but as it stands, I cannot in good conscience recommend this game for anyone. 