This game got a lot of hate for its buggy release, and supposedly broken gameplay.My opinion on this game changed as i played it, and also replayed other entries. This showed me that the bad press will follow a game for a long time, and will also influence our judgement.I think it had more to do with expectations people were expecting a revolution for the franchise, and they didnt get it.As it is, it is still one of the better Assassin Creed, definitely better than Syndicate, Rogue, and the derivative Ezio games Brotherhood and Reveleations. its an Epic game, in its presentation and Ambitions.I always thought that AC games are better approached not as pure entertainment, but as a History lesson with a gameplay. And boy does Unity delivers.1 the gameplay is better than the previous entries  the combat feels better, the stealth is more challenging and interesting. Some say the parkour is bad, but i dare them to actually play the previous games  its not worse, and it has more options. Your character WILL be unresponsive at times, but it will work most of the time.2 the graphical quality is over the top  sure, it has a cost performancewise, but no one can deny this game is breathtakingly pretty. And its not just textures and shaders, the animations  especially during cutscenes  are lifelike. This game wont be topped on consoles before the next generation.Sure, the crowds are lifeless dummies, but who cares ? they make you believe for a moment that youre in a living and busy city  as long as you dont stop and watch.3 Some say the story and the main characters are not interesting. Well i find that for an AC game, its pretty ok. It doesnt break new grounds, it s not an oscar nominee, but it works. Arno is a pretty cool guy, with a good sense of humor, but also grounded in the political realities of its time he doesnt let himself be manipulated for long and make decisions based on his own needs and principles.The only real problems are the collectibles. There are WAY too many. Well dont collect them! Except you need it for 100 synchonization this is a slap in the face of completionists. 