The game itself is ussual Assassins Creed game, with which I have no problem, personaly. But I, like many others users, tired of been conned by Ubisoft. First of all, seasson pass  preorder content not working at all. Game is filled with additional content, unlockable only by using mobile app or by paying additional money like f2p games!There also a lot of more dire problems with the game itself  like poor optimization for PC I have i7 920 2.66  3.65 Ghz, Gigabyte Geforce 780 Ti and 12 Gb of overclocked DDR3 RAM and still have lags, freezes and so on and various bugs such falling throught the floor, stucking in various places, hovering NPCs, stickingtoeverythingfreerunmode, clumsy combat mechanics.Coop mode is a mess partially because of mentioned problems, partially because of connection issues. Which is a shame, since if you manage to find right partners for your coop experience, you will find that the game will give you several options how to complete such mission. For example, the mission there you need to rescue unlucky spy will eventually lead you to the prison, there you can take several routs to approch your objective, be it frontal assault, infiltration via roofs or just exploring the surrounding area and find out that nearby sewer tunnel leads right into the prison.But personally for me the main problem is that in Russia, were I live, the game is only avaliable in Russian localization, which is just terrible, full of misheard and spelling errors.Also, I would like to point out, that we, customers,were not given any information that the game will be only in Russian language, then we preordered it. The notice about that appeared in store page only resently.Considering this, we all were missinformed and as the result  totaly screwed because of our trust in Ubisoft. Then Take2 made such thing with Borderlands 2, at least they have the balls to change this and give Russian/CIS players English version of the game. I highly doubt that Ubisoft will do the same.The funny thing is that a lot of gamers if not majority in Russia, who dont pirate games, buy them from Steam because of English language option. So by locking us away from English language versions only result in increased piracy.I dont understand why Ubisoft cant simply regionlock their games, or at least give us an option to upgrade our games to multilanguage EU version by paying the difference in price, like Blizzard done with Starcraft 2  Diablo 3.As for me, ACU and FC4 were two last Ubisoft games that I bought if things will stay as they are right now.So, if you live in any part of the world, apart from Russia of CIS contries, I recomend you to wait for sale and then buy the game then it will be fully patched. But if you live in above mentioned contries, I recomend not to buy it, or any other Ubisoft game until we will be treated as normal customers, not like secondranked.