Ive played  all the major AC I, II, Brotherhood, Revelation, III, IV, etc. before this one and this is hands down the one with the worst controls and interactions. Trying to control Arno feels like pressing the button and hoping for the best. Yes it has impressive animations and graphics but I dont think they compensate the frustation that this game can cause.PROS The recreation of the 18th century France is damn impressive The graphics are pretty cool. The facial expressions and illumination are a major leap in the franchise. Nice parkour animations, very fluid between movements.CONS Awkward controls. The magnetic grips from past games are even worse in this one. The way in what the character chooses which grip should he stick to looks so random. A lot of times Arno will jump to an unexpected location because he thought that the grip that was 2m away in a random direction was better than the one you had half a meter in front of you. The cover system is awful as most of the times I cannot predict where will Arno stick if I switch between covers . Combat system is still not good enough. Ubi has artificially raised the difficult by increasing the enemies damage and making the counter chances harder to see. A poor mans Batman Arkham combat system. Bad AI. It wasnt that great in previous installments of the franchise but in this one is plain terrible. In the past games at  least enemies were somewhat efficient when in the pathfinding but in this game Ive found many situations where a group of enemies were stuck against a wall or an obstacle trying to cross it just because they have vision of me through a crack. The story is pretty plain and the main characters not likeable enough. This is a very personal one. Arno is like Ubi has tried to create a new Ezio but without his charisma. The story is again, just the typical vengeance stereotype. Technical issues. Typical in the franchise. NPCs that jump, falls or walk against a wall with no reason etc. Horrible framerate and stuttering. With an i76700k, GTX 1070 and 32 GB of RAM the game sometimes suffers random framedrops that render it almost unplayable. Not even choosing the lowest setting seems to fix it. WTF Ubi, WTF.