This review is from someone who neither loves or hates Ubisoft games. I like to think it will be a very fair, unbiased review.First and foremost, the game itself is awesome. The feeling of immersion I get from playing it is literally unmatched. Just walking around, I get the feeling that the NPCs are all real people with lives and things. Youll be running around and see people protesting at Notre Dame, people running away carrying items they looted, etc. The city looks both absolutely stunning and on the brink of chaos all at the same time. The freerunning aspect has been much improved, but there are still instances where the game wont fully understand where Im trying to point Arno and instead run him up a random lightpost mid chase. Assassination missions are completely open to however you want to go about it. You get heavily rewarded for utilizing the stealth aspect of the game, and not running into a situation guns blazing and sword swinging. I rate the game itself a 9/10.But should you buy the game right now? Absolutely not. Unless you have a super highend PC, you wont get above 30 FPS as it is now. I have a GTX 660, overclocked to 1385 MHz, 8 GBs of ram, and a Core i5 4670k, and even when I turn the game down to 720p and use FXAA antialiasing, the game doesnt seem to get much above 2025 FPS. I watched a screen cap on youtube of a guy who claims to be running the game with 2 GTX 980s in SLI and he didnt get much above 4550 FPS, and thats over 1,100 in graphics alone. I highly doubt this is something Ubisoft can fix with a simple patch considering I believe this is a problem within the core of the game itself. Not only that, its incredibly inconsistent. Sometimes Ill load it up and it will play just fine, other times it will crash as soon as it starts having changed no settings whatsoever. Coop is a nightmare right now. Not only is it horrible to try and connect to a game, but UPlay frequently is down.TLDR The game is awesome. But dont buy it unless you have no friends who are interested in playing with you and a gaming optimized highend PC. 