UPDATE Ubisoft released Patch 5 and I started a new run on Unity. I just finished a second playthrough on Patch 5, and now I feel comfortable recommending this game.With many if not all glitches fixed, the content of Unity is excellent. Lots of combat and assassin stuff to do, and the coop is excellent. Truthfully, the game is now very playable, and it is a blast.Below that little line though is my original review. I leave it there unaltered because the game did have a rough launch and thats what I thought at the time. But Patch 5 seems like it really polished things up a lot, and I have had a blast with the game at this point. Anyway, thank for reading my review. Good luck have fun.I dont know. I am an Assassin Creed fan. So I will buy these things even if it calls me names the whole time. Because ever since Black Flag, which inspired me to get most of the back catalog of Assassins Creed games...I am so into the concept that it is frightful.I loved Assassins Creed 2, and Ezio remains my favorite character of the entire franchise, although Edward Kenway was a badas well.On one hand, Unity has a lot of promise. On the other hand, it is a glitchy experience. I would still get it again.But its like this game is cursed. Steam is advertsing Dead Kings. But it isnt on Steam yet. D I dont know. Can I recommend it? It attempts to get back to the basics in a good way, and in some regards is solid, and the coop is a blast when it works.Ultimately, no I cannot recommend it. I would buy it again, but I am afflicted, and love the series, in a way that might be clinically unhealthy. I will slog through Ubistuff and Steamstuff just to make Arno jump on someones head from a second story balcony. I even installed the companion app on my laptop, and I sit here, bouncing between two PCs soaking in the Unity experience, because I miss Edward Kenway and Ezio just that much.But...it has many problems. They are sad problems. Very sad. The story is awesome in places. But the game is just really problematic. I cannot in good consious recommend this title. Get Far Cry 4. That one rocks. 