After beating the game, I feel like I can write an accurate review finally.Combat6/10 Combat is more difficult than previous installments. However, for all the wrong reasons. Its more difficult because the camera angle makes it impossible to see who is about to attack you half the time. Also, when someone is pointing a gun at you, it lets you know when they are about to shoot sometimes. I say sometimes because half the time, it doesnt even show that someone is pointing a gun at you. Also, unless you are in combat, you cannot dodge bullets from snipers. This is a massive flaw because they have the most accurate 1800s rifle you will ever see.Story1/10 Absolutely and utterly disappointing. As a huge fan of the AC storyline, beating this game and watching the credits roll made my jaw drop, again, for all the wrong reasons. Your character outside the animus basically no longer exists and doesnt really tell you why youre searching for this antagonist in the first place. Then, it hardly touches any of the Eden story and explains nothing about how the pieces got into the hands of the antagonist. The story is basically about how Arno is trying to avenge the death of someone important to him. No twists. A five year old could have written the story to this game.Mechanics8/10 The mechanics are much better than other AC games, but still have some flaws. Going through a window is harder than it should be. Going into cover is generally worthless because you cant go around a corner in cover, which defeats the purpose most of the time. If you are seen by someone you can literally just run away without any sort of trouble. Just keep running and you eventually lose them. No need for fancy tricks when you can just outrun the guards.Unlockables 2/10 One of my biggest pet peeves with this game. About 80 of the best armor is locked with absolutely no way to unlock it besides playing Club Competition, which ISNT EVEN OUT YET. God knows when they will release it and when they do, itll probably be bugged to hell. Extremely infuriating because I have about 500,000 in game currency and nothing to spend it on. To give you an idea of how fast you can get the best gear, my friend had a corrupt file and had to restart. Doing a few heists and missions, which took about 2 hours max, he was almost the max level.Coop 3/10 Coop has so much potential, but there are about 11 coop missions and 7 heists. These arent exact numbers, but you get the point. For a game that focused so heavily on coop, they skimped heavily on the coop missions. Honestly, the only heists you should be doing are the most difficult ones. The only thing that changes is the level of the guards. So if you do a level 1 heist, there will be 40 guards. Do a level 5 heist, and there will be 40 guards. Since you have to sneak around anyway, its basically the same thing except your reward is about 10000 greater. 