This is probably the most flawed Assassins Creed title Ive played so far, but nostalgia might play a part in this. Still, Im quite frustrated by this game. My main points of criticismThe parkour system is really borked. Arno sticks to surfaces as if they were flypaper and often moves in entirely the wrong direction. Attempting to make the system more usable by having seperate commands for parkouring up, down or relatively straight ahead is a commendable attempt, but there were several times where Arno moved down when I wanted him to go up. Its also not always clear which walls are climbable, and as in other titles, Arno runs up a short distance any unclimbable wall, then drops down again, wasting several seconds which can be crucial in a chase. Climbing through windows also often takes way more effort than its supposed to. Certain extremely long jumps feel like Arnos changing direction in mid air and look very unnatural.Fighting is influenced a lot by small breaks in the terrain, making either Arno or his enemies lose their target mid swing or even leaving combat mode entirely because someone bumped against the edge of a carriage. Several times enemies did not telegraph their attacks at all. While fights are more dangerous than in previous titles, they can be cheesed quite easily with smoke bombs. They stun everyone for quite a while enough to dispatch several enemies, the right equipment will give you ten of those, and theres a skill on a relatively short cooldown that refills them for free. Youll never need ten, though. Stun bombs, expressly designed for stunning enemies in fights, are inferior as targets you attack wake up from the stun after the first hit, and I dont think any equipment gives you quite as many, though theyre refilled by the same skill.The UI is a mess. The map feels more cluttered than earlier titles, especially because there are four kinds of chests. This probably wasnt as big a problem at release because some of those chests were made available through a mobile app, but since thats not working anymore, the chests are all unlocked from the start. Almost nothing appears on the map immediately, but just running around a bit will fill up that map very quickly. There are filters, but they only help so much. The biggest problem I have with the UI, though, is that certain messages overlap hints gained in murder mystery missions and riddles during their respective missions, meaning that often you have to wait for potentially several messages new hint, new entry into the glossary, money in your chest... to clear before you can read the hint you just picked up.General bugs. Ive had crashes, Arno once got stuck in mid air while jumping from one small gable to another, white lines sometimes shone through at the edges of floor and wall textures, that sort of thing.I usually try to 100  games like this, but this time it just wasnt that much fun.