Completed game review!!!Spoilers  If you havent completed the game dont read Spoliers!!!To start  there is no modern day content except of a few small cutscenes. This has killed it for me, they have competely cut out any modern day story from this game. This is just a game about an assassin timeline, nothing more. I really thought after Black Flag that they were going to go somewhere with the story, instead you get almost nothing. No mention of Juno, nothing about Abstergo, nothing about what happened to Desmonds father, its just not there.Graphics  Great if you have a strong system. Im running everything at medium and im getting a few slow downs along the way, but i was able to play the game and beat it in about 8 hours.Music  Its fine for an AC game.Story  The story is just OK, it would be better if it was tied to something, but saddly it seems that AC games are going to just be cash cows for them as they try to cut cost to create more cash on the game.  Arno is OK, but doesnt fit the story at all, the love story is weak at best, with very little character development. Even Black Flag had better character development than this and it was about as short as this game.Gameplay  Never, would I ever have to think I would have to complain about camera angles in AC. Yet in this game they are awful. If youre even inside a building or up against a wall, youre going to have problems with camera angles. Other than that, its a typical AC game, nothing really special here. The one good part about the gameplay is the rebirth of the weapons and armor system. They finally listened and did an OK job at that.Fighting  Whoever thought his was better has lost their minds. The fighiting goes like this  attack, Press E when the enemy bar turns yellow, attack, dodge bullets, attack, press E when the bar turns yellow, then repeat. Thats it.Microtransactions  Screw you Ubisoft. Youre already charging 30 dollars for DLC, what do you need to milk more money out of gamers for?Multiplayer   It was fine the few times I have tried it. Didnt get any considerable lag.We were victims of good marketing. This is not a good game, and no matter what they do to it, it wont be a good game. Its a game meant to make money, and that is just what they have done.Score  3/10.  Screw you Ubisoft, youre now in the same boat as Square Enix, Activision, and EA. Crappy game company looking to milk its consumers with subpar products.