AC Unity is an embarrassment  even after all this time. And it could have been so good! Thats what really hurts... the fact that  under all this steaming CRAP  you get the sense of a feeling that you SHOULD be enjoying this. But all youll have usually starting about halfway through is this overwhelming sensation of WHEN THE  WILL THIS BE OVER?!?!? !Lets start with the story  its your usual Batman story with a French twist. The only real difference being that instead of YOUR character being obsessed with vengeance... its this mouthy French tart who you CONSTANTLY have to save  much to her objection because she doesnt NEED to be saved. Shes a Goddamn Templar, ! Your characters sole defining trait is that he WANTS to get in her pants because his carelessness cost her someone she loved. Thats it. Apart from one very cute scene involving a mongolfiere there is NEVER any REAL reciprication of this love because the Goddamn Templar  is too busy seeking vengeance. Enter the supporting cast  the Templars and Assassins in this story have NO RIGHT to call themselves Templars and Assassins. What should have been a FASCINATING premise the french revolution has led to the two factions calling for a ceasefire is chucked out the window the minute the Templar leadership goes into a shakeup. Further, not only are the rest of the Assassins upset shall we say at the current enforcement of the status quo but they then proceed to have their own shakeup when one of the Assassin leaders goes rogue and almost wipes everyone out! Best of all  when your character STOPS Mr. CrazyAssassin from slaughtering everyone hes PUNISHED! Turns out that the rest of the leaders who survived CrazyAssassin dont LIKE your character  further this isnt even RESOLVED in the story! Im serious! By the end of the story were just left to ASSUME our character gets back together with his true love re the crazyas top secret murder cult because... hes... supposed to. And if that isnt enough for you  in the DLC story  one little weird dream and a few trips underground with a mouthybrat and your character decides hes not only going to go on being an assassin  oh no! Hes going to be the Hero France needs! The whole arc is INSANELY cringeworthy   and leaves you finishing the game just to say you finished it.Then we come to the combat  yeah its still AC combat. But its been given a... fun? Twist... EVERYONE has a gun. No, Im not kidding, EVERYONE has a gun. The guy in the street has a gun. The guy youve been sent to kill has a gun. That woman with thirty petticoats has a gun. That guy who just got his head chopped off  YES! Even HE has a gun. So whats the obvious solution? Smoke bombs... so many smoke bombs. I want to get my hands on the guy who thought that making smoke bombs practically required would shake up traditional AC combat. Further, we have new weapons  you want to slowly swing an axe and realize that you can be countered by everyone with a sword? You can do that. You want to stab with a spear and find out your smoke bombs are nearly useless because you then have to close the gap between you and your target? You can do that too! Best of all, thanks to the FreeLC Dead Kings  you get a mortar axe! A hugegun... with an axehead on it. AC Rogue introduced a neat psuedohistorical weapon called the Air Rifle that could be fitted with a tank that would launch grenades. ACU gives us a gun with an axehead on it that is not only NOT psuedohistorical its also stupid looking and ranges from nearuseless to deathwish to overpoweredifusedintherightsituation.Want to talk about crafting? There is no crafting. Everything is done through skills and leveling up. As if the grindfest that ACU is known for wasnt already bad enough  they make it EXTRA FUN by adding in MORE grinding. Grinding that can be sidestepped for only a few dollars... or aTON of hours for the same price.Want to talk about ship combat? There is no shipcombat. There are no ships. For oldschool AC fans this is no big loss  for the rest of us theres the earlier games to play for ship combat. Their lack of presence, however, should be filled with something equally enjoyable. AC Rogue, and a few other AC games, had bases you could clear out which would net you regenerating profits. ACU tries to follow that premise in the form of clubs. Of couse, youd automatically assume, that you clear these clubs out from evil people and then take them over. No. You buy the land theyre sitting on and you own them. Youre fighting against the Templars and the instutitions they stand for... by making your own institution. Then, once youve done your taxes AC taxes just doesnt sound as cool as AC pirates, sorry you get these clubs. You know what you do in them or with them then? Nothing. You can hang out with the npcs on the ground floor  but they dont migrate to the upper floors. So your left with these threequarter empty buildings that serve no purpose but to generate a TINY profit for you. I think that ing butler is skimming my books, personally. Best of all, the main clubhub, your clubhub and basically the French version of Wayne Manor has MORE stuff you can unlock. MORE nearly worthless quests you can unlock... by paying MORE money. Not through combat or through the story or through crafting or any OTHER method to unlock... but through money. Are you starting to notice a theme here?As I mentioned before, with the removal of sea combat, there should be something to fill the gap. Further, there should be a REASON this game is called Unity France is tearing itself apart. The Templars are tearing themselves apart. The Assassins are tearing themselves apart. French Batman and the Goddamn Templar  are tearing themselves apart  Unity? Where?! Ubisoftin the head decided that the way to fill that gap was through clubs AND wait for it kids inworld multiplayer. Great. Combining the MMO playerbase and the AC playerbase  two of the MOST vitriolic and y fanbases in the whole of the gaming community I reckon the only way they could have made a WORSE choice would have been trying to find a way to throw the FPS fans in there and youve lumped them together in one game through content that unlocks some of the best armor. Some of the best weapons. Some of the best costumes  and guess what! If you want to get all that stuff WITHOUT playing the same mission over and over? You HAVE to group!!! Unless you want to play the same mission three or four times  you HAVE to group. Because, if you dont, the missions are set up to fail yourin some way or another that keeps you from getting the maximum rewards. So, instead of playing with three or four players, youre playing FOR three or four players.This brings me to the BIGGEST problem with this game. Do you like to be about halfway done with a mission and then start over? Do you like to fall through the worldspace? Do you like a mission objective simply not starting? Do you like NPCs not spawning? Do you like getting stuck at the loadingsavingloadingsavingloadingsaving screen? Do you like being forced to group with people only to have the mission glitch out or your partners getting kicked for no reason? If so  this is the game for you. I think Honest Trailers said it best when they dubbed this game Assassins Creed Well Fix it Later because even after TWO YEARS there are STILL gamebreaking bugs in this game. And a special mention should go to the Dead Kings FLC for the most droptodesktop crashes. Stuff that should have been fixed prelaunch if not postlaunch and is STILL a problem is STILL present in something that was sold as a tripleA title. Seriously, for your mental health, unless your are a sadist or a diehard fan avoid this game. Go play AC3  its a rough gem... but at least it can shine. This thing is a turd. Pure and simple. 