So theres a lot of reviews about how horrible this port is and how bad the frame rate is and Im not sure what the deal is but I dont get that at all. Im running an i7 3770 3.40 GHz, ive got 16 gigs of ram, windows 8.1, and an Nvidia GTX770 with 4 gigs of vram. It doesnt seem like a better system than some of the ones reviewing and yet I get a constant high frame rate with absolutely no video problems even in huge crowds. I also never had problems with Watch Dogs and everyone was complaining about that game too. All that being said this game is SUPER buggy. I havent had any crashes, but the NPCs and the parkour are both very buggy. An even bigger issue though is the one thats not a bug its a feature, and thats the absolute SH stealth system. The cover mechanic is just awful. He cant get behind everything only somethings, he takes forever to get in and out of cover, the cover toggle button is space and so its also about a million other things, there is no button to go around corners in cover, and the cover switching mechanic may as well be broken its pretty much impossible to use. Also if AC wants to be a stealth game they need one simple mechanic quick save and load. Without that it is just simply infuriating to try and play this stealthily, but the combat is tougher now and enemies can oneshot you so you are still forced to play stealth even though it is just absolutly horrible to do. This is a first attempt in this series at stealth but with a publisher catalouge that includes splinter cell this should have been way better. My hope is that Ubi will release a patch to fix all of this but I know that that is very unlikely.Also, this is a paytoplay, paytowin game. Thats right, Ubisoft just charged you 60 dollars for a game that they also want you to buy items in with real money. Heres the pricing of the weapons in game250 I know they arent dollars but dont tell me to look up that symbol10002500You might be thinking well these all sound managable and they are but heres where the price jumps to a minimum of125,000If you ever wanted to think about owning that last weapon which is super powerful of course Ubi offers microtransactions of up to 100 USD. This is unnaceptable and just an awful business practice.The only reason I would tell you to buy this game now is if you have a very good PC and enjoy the free roaming the most in AC games. The city is huge and beaitiful and varied, and the parkour system, while buggy and more unrealistic, is fun and fluid for this new city. If thats all you care about buy this game now, but if you want to play the story and dont really care about exploring than I think maybe your best bet is to wait either for a patch or for Rogue.Overall I wish they had delayed this game a whole hell of a lot more than 2 weeks. Another years polish would have done this game very well but this is Ubisoft were talking about and that didnt happen and this game probably wont even get patched.UPDATE The patch corrupted my save game, deleting about 20 hours of gameplay. Not sure I can motivate to try again. Highly recommend backing up your saves. Screw this game. 