Unity kept me interested enough to see how it ended, but nothing beyond that. A lot of games dont live up to the hype that they have prelaunch but this fell far shorter than usual. My expectations werent met and I bought this about 2 years after its release after most people has said their piece on it, so the bar wasnt set very high for me. I also was lucky to miss the disasterous launch that turned alot of people away from this series. The main story was just cliche and predictable, and it doesnt take much to entertain me and I found it unenjoyable. Arno is my least favourite Assassin so far, he feels so dry and so forgettable. On that note, where my French voice actors at? They went out of their way to get Italian ones for 2 games in a row but apparently for their big next gen release they couldnt be ed. I am a man who likes my side quests and usually i finish all of them in any game I play but for this I lost interest. There are so many and they seemed rather tedious to get through. This game also introduced what I thought was the worst detective system in a video game where accusing people at random means nothing. I know they tried to make the combat less I countered one guy and now I can slaughter 30 of them in a combo as that was the case for the 4 previous games but this combat I found quite uninteresting. Yeah it was slashy and quite accurate for that era but felt lacking. They finally let you crouch and take cover in these games but gave you no way to lure guards, making you sit behind cover in doorways for extended periods of time as the fat french pigs slowly waddle up and down their patrol routes. Ive played every AC and this felt like the series weakest game in my opinion, which is a shame because it was finally set in the French revolution, a highly anticipated setting for fans before the release of this game. I would recommend skipping this game, every other installment in the series is better than this in my opinion. 33.45 USD is a bit laughable for this, Maybe 510 would be a better fit. 