As of Patch 4Overall The Performance of the game runs a little smoother. That is noticeable. Yet, alas... I can still only run on Low Quality. Minor issue, more less personal taste. At least it runs better while roaming around for goodies or being able to sneak about.However, If I am attacked by 4 hostiles the game freezes and lags up still. Making defending Parry next to impossible. Using smoke bombs then only amplifies the lag.In larger areas where the crowd is more dominate I will have issues with lockingup. Even more so if being chased and shot at.Speaking of which, please do something about enemy targeting with their guns. I mean, Ill sit there and watch a cutscene in story mode. Those guys couldnt hit anything if it were right in front of them. Yet, gameplay wise, these guys have DEAD ON accuracy. Dodging does not help. Sometimes dropping smoke does not help because they can magically see through it. For the love of god, please make them miss here and there. /end rant.Ive also noted missions that have you Defend a target are not working properly and had to restart the memory. What happens is that they get stuck and no longer follow you. I dont know if this was an issue or not seeing as I only reached those stories as Patch 4 dropped.Playing Multiplayer, Every other mission causes my game to crash if I play online, searching for people or playing with a friend. BUT, If I play Locally, being on the same internet network, the game runs smooth and I never crash. Few glitches here and there. Having a target see me through a wall as an example. Other wise, aside from the expected lag after searching or non local I havent stumbled upon any other issues.The customize menu Gear/equipment load out is still rather laggy and is not enjoyable at all.Thats all I was able to notice so far. Still, a very sad panda. Since this was supposed to fix a lot of issues. Which, in a sense it did. But, Im still locking up and crashing multiplayer, nonlocal. I still cannot recommend this game. 