Im going to review the gameplay and mechanics, not the graphics.  Graphics arent as important to me, but the game does look stunning.  I saw the early reviews of ACU and decided to wait until it was patched to play it.  So I didnt notice a ton of glitches that were allegedly fixed in patches.  There are still some serious clipping issues.The controls are ridiculously imprecise.  There is also an extremely large number of objects to parkourinteractwith in the game.  In fact, you can parkourinteract with almost every single object in the game.  Every window shutter, every chair, every barrel, every shrub.  Good, right?  No.  Awful.  This, in combination with a ridiculously imprecise control system creates pure mayhem.  At no point during a freerun do I, the player, have any idea what my character is going to do in response to my controls.  I have a general direction of movement, but I do not know where the character will end up, or what move or animation he will do.  Running down the street to chase someone is nigh impossible as your character will invevitably start scaling some random object.The stealth system is awful.  It works okay in the finely tested tutorial, but in the open world its terribad.  You never know what objects you can move into cover behind.  Half the time you move into cover behind an object you didnt want to, or its the wrong side of the object.  For example, lots of buildings have a lip between the wall of a building and the column at the edge of the building, well you can only move into cover on the wall and not the column, but then you cant stealth move past the lip, so you cant even stand at the edge of the building to peek around the corner.  Coupled with imprecise controls, the spamming of the crouch or the moveintocover control buttons sometimes elicits no response.  this actually occurs all the time with every controlThe camera is awful.  The camera, especially the combat camera, was apparently designed for you to fight a 1v1 in an open field.  The camera is way too close during combat, especially given the number of objects that are frequently in the midst of battle.  Also, if youre fighting more than 1 enemy at a time, they tend to try to circle or flank to opposite sides of you which I dont have a problem with.  But this creates issues because you can only ever fit 12 enemies in one camera angle.Climbing buildings is inefficient.   In every other AC, rooftop travel was extremely efficient and generally faster than street travel.  This is not the case in ACU.  Which, when you look at what makes AC appealing in the first place, you kinda have to wonder if anyone at Ubisoft thought about this.  I havent quite pinned down what the issue is, but theres just no incentive to climb anything except for scenariospecific objectives.  It seems to be a combination of the following factors  The average building is 23 stories tall and it takes too long to get to the roof.  Imprecise controls create ambiguity as to where you will end up.  Due to the layout of the city, theres a high number and streets and alleys that allow you to access almost anywhere quickly via the streets.This game could be great, but currently it is not.