This is a SpoilerFree review.Ah, Assassins Creed Unity. One of my guilty pleasures of the Assassins Creed series. Assassins Creed 3 is still best Assassins Creed game.Starting off, this game has a lot of problems, I would like to get into them first since a lot of people like to complain about it and hate on the negative aspects of the game. So Im just going to list them now and bite the bullet.This game is repetitive, and does involve a lot of pay to upgrade faster. But those are only optional if you want to upgrade instead of just playing some multiplayer missions or grind by doing activities within the world. Its sucks, yes. But I never had a problem as the missions are easy and if you have friends itll be a breeze.This game has terrible optimization, Im talking way more terrible than Assassins Creed Origins. I can actually play that game compared to this. BUT. That doesnt mean this is a terrible problem, just lower AA a bit and itll be more playable. I own a R9 380 and it lags a lot with AA to the highest. Ive also heard about stuttering problems as well, that has never occurred in my playthrough so far.So, I cannot confirm if this will happen to you. Id say buy it, and if it lags, refund it.Now, those two are out of the way. Let me talk about the Positives of the game.Multiplayer, holy . This is the best AC game for the multiplayer. Ubisoft better pay those developers who developed the Multiplayer in this game, its way better than the past AC Multiplayers. The multiplayer in this game involves you and a couple or more friends or strangers going into assassination missions and working together to get through buildings and such. ITS SO MUCH ING FUN, HOLY Good job to Ubisoft for learning how to create a good Multiplayer experience.The Parkour System is soooo good, its so fluid and transitional unlike the past games where a simple sign or something got in your way and your movement stopped right away. In AC Unity, Arno just fluidly dodges it like a cheetah. Its so majestic and so satisfying. Good job to Ubisoft for that. Also, you can get down to the ground WAY more faster in this game. And they also cleaned the controls for it too.Story, this is more opinion based. In my opinion, its an alright story. Diffidently not the best, but still has me focused on my task and doesnt lead me astray with side missions.Paris is one of the biggest cities I have ever explored in an AC Game. Its so goddamn huge, I find myself having to fast travel a lot since I dont really feel like running. I guess you could call that a negative in itself. But I dont mind exploring everynow and then. You can find some really nice treasure if you look in the right spots as well.In conclusion, buy this game at your own risk if you dont know if you can run it. But for those who want to experince a decent Assassins Creed, give Unity a whirl. Plus at 12 dollars, thats a steal. Even though I own like two copies of this game on PS4, one I paid for on launch and another I got for free, lmao.