Definitely one of the worst games in the series. Possible spoilers ahead! You have been warned.The story is horrible and difficult to stay engaged in. The only reason I even beat this game is because I wanted to see what the end would contribute to the overall AC series story like some of the other entries in the series did. I ended up being quite disappointed, even with the low expectations I had prior to beating the game. There is little closure in the end and doesnt answer many questions. Where did Germain get the Sword of Eden? What happened to the other three Assassin Grand Masters after Arno was expelled? Why did this game not add anything to the AC universal story?! So many questions like this that really leave you with a bitter feeling after you beat it...The characters are all very cookie cutter and predictable. Nothing ever seems to differentiate between separate targets. You kill one guy and he just leads you to the next head honcho, repeat this process 50 times, or so it feels like. Arno was an okay protagonist, but didnt really make you want to keep playing as him or get another game playing as Arno as most people did with Ezio after AC2.There is so much extra crap to do, and I call it crap on purpose. It is distracting and pointless to do all the secondary missions and objectives. You can easily get through the game with midtier weapons and armor, so why waste your time trying to upgrade further? You get an OP set of armor and a sword to boot at the end anyway... All of it really just clutters your map and gets in the way.As for the gameplay, the formula for playing the game is in stark contrast to the earlier games. AC Brotherhood really let you choose how you want to kill your targets. There were numerous ways to stealthfully assassinate a target. From a bench, from the roof, from the crowd, etc. I really liked being able to figure out what path I could take in ACB when climbing, but lately all of the games seem to only have one path up a building or structure and it feels extremely forced. In Unity, you really dont get many choices and it ALWAYS ends up with you running away from a hoard of 25 guards at the end of the assassination. The series is so different because in the beginning, the goal was to try NOT to fight all the guards and to avoid have a pile of bodies, rather to take out your target quickly and quietly and then escape.Speaking of bodies, why did Ubisoft remove so many functions from the previous games that were so nice to have?! You can no longer pick up bodies to hide or relocate them, you cant pick up their weapons, you cant use your fists, you arent able to take human shields to block gunshots which are way too common in Unity, you cant use the dagger which has been removed from use in the series for a while now.. Its like theyre taking out all of the parts that made the game fun. Its more of a fighting/ combat game now where youre expected to fight and survive rather than sneak and stealthfully dispatch a single target without any extra combat involved.I appreciate Ubisoft trying to change the game up a bit by adding choice of weapons and such, but I dont think it serviced the game all too well. With the combination of choosing your weapons and armor and leveling up skills with experience points made it feel like it was trying to be like an RPG, and that is far from what the AC games are. It didnt make the game any more fun.One other thing about the gameplay that irks me is the idea of the factions or sides. I dont have a problem with there being a multifaceted society in the game, but what is the point of having factions that fight each other i.e. the Gang members and the French guardsmen, but when you fight one of the factions and the other joins in to kill them as well, they attack you afterwards. The enemy of my enemy is my friend, unless youre playing AC Unity. Then everyone is out to get you at all times. Even if you simply run by a guard and do nothing else..Lets not forget what this game was most famous for THE BUGS AND GLITCHES! Theyre still here alright... I experienced countless glitches along the way of playing through this game. Random citizen NPCs in the windows three stories up, getting shot, stabbed, and executed through walls, getting stuck on top of a chair or bench while sqautting as if I were on top of a synch point, running up a wall and somehow falling down past where I jumped from and ending up dead, and lots more. One technical part that I REALLY wish Ubisoft would address is the clumbsy controls of the game. The movement is not tight at all which makes it so you have to rotate 90 degrees one way or the other to make a slight turn. It really is ridiculous, and this is not a problem limited to Unity, its most of the games, but Unity seems to have it the worst.In all honesty, the AC series is one of my favorites which is why I get so disappointed by them being lackluster like this. They cant all be gold like AC2 and ACB, but Ubisoft really dropped the ball on this one. The strategy in making sequels is usually to take what like likable and what worked from the previous games and apply it/ improve upon those concepts in future products, but Ubisoft seemed to do just the opposite. I am going to play Syndicate next because I would like to play all the games in the series I dont want to give up on what I used to hold in such high esteem in the past! I will likely try out Origins too.TLDRCharacters  Bad and uninterestingStory  Boring and adds nothing to the continuous story the other AC games are establishingGameplay  Polar opposite of the good AC games, meaning Unitys gameplay is the antithesis of an Assassin game. Ubisoft made the game only able to be played one way. WAY too much combat now.Technical  Still quite buggyI would not recommend this game because it is honestly a useless entry in the AC series. I sincerely hope that Ubisoft taking the year off from putting out a new AC game will pay off and give us a great entry into the series that everyone really wants to see again! I trust that with the extra year they had, there is much more room for picking up where they fell short in all the other entries. 