I see all of these reviews marking it down for many different reasons... Mostly due to issues with performance, crashes, etc.Nearly all a good 98 of these reviews are, IMO, t. They are mostly from people that dont understand the intricate details and technologies underlying with games, let alone the hardware they run on.For example, someone complains about terrible FPS on a machine below minimum specs, claiming that it should still be viable... Im simply surprised it even launched. Other reviews have decent specs, but only that of which they listed. You can have a greatish processor, RAM, and video card, but if its on amotherboard, youre bottlenecked in so many ways, Id be surprised the game even functionally ran.Im on 2 year old hardware running the game on a mix of high/ultra with certain things off that I dislike, and it runs smooth 100 of the time, no frame dropping, no graphical issues whatsoever. If any piece of your hardware is 3 years old, that is last generation hardware in PC standards, more like 34 generations back, and this game is for next gen.Another note people are making is that even though it runs great, it looks bad even on uber everything. They dont realize that, while the textures themselves arent massively different, the shear amount of what is being displayed ingame in Unity is uncomparable to the previous versions. Its truly an achievement what UbiSoft managed to pull off in this game. The biggest/most obvious one is going to be the amount of people. Yes, other AC games had a lot of people, but nothing like this. Its jaw dropping how many citizens there are. Im sure Ive run passed at least a million by now.So, now that Ive ranted that bit out of the way, Im going to list the issues Ive come across in my 30 hours of played time.Multiplayer/Coop doesnt work!As with EVERY nonmultiplayer centric game Ive ever seen, there have been multiplayer issues on launch. The multiplayer system requires a centralized connection to manage/determine who to connect to inviting a friend directly bypasses this. That centralized system has gone a few times in the first couple days of launch, but it was available far more than unavailable.Furthermore, when in an active session, its exceptionally obvious when the host is running on terrible hardware and network upload speed. The number of times Ive finished an objective to suddenly die by nothing because the host is so stupidly laggy... Some hosts are great, and we can run a mission as if weve been practicing for years. The issue here is some people shouldnt be playing the game online, because their ...system is just that terrible.NPCs being sillyA lot of better reviews about this game relating to actual gameplay bugs as opposed to childish rants about performance on what I call legacy hardware seem to point out a certain common bug. That would be NPCs randomly doing weird things... Ive seen an NPC stuck on a horse cart side, in a falling animation, indefinitely. It was amusing, but Ive only seen it once. In fact, in 30 hours of game play, apart from MP lag issues, Ive only seen actual NPC bugs a handful of times. Its usually just a hit detection conflict where the NPC is suddenly on top of something he shouldnt be. The funniest one Ive seen was one of the ranting/raving drug tripping guy sitting in a tree. Literally, in the tree, about 4ft off the ground.Ive had a single occassion where the ground/player hit detection failed and caused me to fall through the ground. This is usually my CPU or GPU failing to keep up with proper processing i.e. my hardware is too old. If youre experiencing this a lot, your hardware is very much too old. Considering the amount of data this game has to process internally CPU and visually GPU, Im truly amazed at how well it performs. It is definitely not a game for those with crap hardware notice a trend?.And thats it for bugs. Those are all of the issues Ive seen in the game. The game was built for newer, more powerful machines. Meaning the entire package, from motherboard up. Not just a graphics card, not just a RAM minimum amount... People dont seem to realize how much has clearly gone into this game to make it what it is. And what that is is simply an amazing game. People are too focused on what they expect/want that theyre completing disregarding what they actually managed to get. That is, a great game with a shockingly low amount of release bugs.ALL THAT BEING SAID, I do have a gripe I want to point out.The microtransactions for buying hackpoints or whatever its called is, imo, obnoxious that they even considered it. Gaming used to be about making a game that was enjoyable to the point people wanted to get it to have it, not about trying to squeeze every penny out of customers. That being said, their implementation of said transactions arent actually that terrible for what you get, in the sense that you could also just spend a couple extra hours to get the same stuff.