I cannot bring myself to recommend this game. There is just soo many thing wrong with this game that it deserve such a poor approval rating among AC community member.To begin with, several secondary objective in the mission require you to do cover or hiding kill. Sounds normal right? Wait till you know whisper are not available in the game  you sort of rely on cherry bomb to bring them in. As if that is bad enough, either the cherry bomb is a bomb made by amateur with 0 knowledge in chemistry or the guard are totally deaf.You can toss the bomb within 23 meter  they just nonchalantly standing or moving around as if nothing happen at all. Wont even bother to investigate what is going on. The game also completely remove the ability to hide body. Really? Instead of completely remove it, why not limit the amount of body that can be hidden on haystack or any hiding spot? Not being able to hide the body completely ruin the fun of stealthing. I know the developer intention  reason of doing so, but this isnt the correct approach to do it.They could implement ACRogue whisper system to make coop more fun, but nope. They couldt do that  even introduce lockpicking features whereby level 3 mastery require one to complete sequence 9, which I find it to be ridiculous. If you encounter any chest or door level 3, have fun trying to unlock it without the skills.I would have been fine if it require one to complete sequence 67. But 9? AC storyline usually have about 1015 sequence. By the time I could unlock level 3 chest or door, there is barely any main mission for me to do.Add on 1 Finally finish sequence 9  more complain to add. Sequence 9 memory 2 have a Assistance Opportunity  Prison Break Initiated which could be painful to be execute since the prisoner door would require a level 3 lockpicking skills, a skill that could only be access by completing the entire sequence 9.It is ridiculous even if I have to say so myself. Why add some obstacle that you couldt even have access to the solution? You guys can argue by saying Steal the key from the guard. But it could bugged, which means you couldt steal the key from the guard.If that is not enough, they even remove the ability to dive underwater to break the enemy line of sight. I could have sworn that since the introduction of swimming in AC Franchise, this is probably the 1st installment whereby the protagonist could swim but couldt even hold his damn breath in underwater for a few seconds.Add on 2 Another issues to address, especially in regards to coop. Who in their god damn freaking mind bind the same key for viewing map with search coop mission button together? If I want to run around collecting  marking chest while waiting for the coop search to complete, it is a pain in theto open the god damn map to view.Lets not forget the search system is horrible, you either search for mission of equal difficulty or extend it to 1/1 after a period of time have pass. Why it didt allow us to have an option to disable search for a specific mission?If the difficulty comprise more than 2 mission, extending the search within mission of the specific difficulty is a pain in the neck if there is a mission that are popular among the community member because you can bet your god damnyou are going to get that mission first hand over and over again.Oh!! You think that is bad? Marking system in coop is crappy  you have absolutely no way to communicate with your teammate except by clicking the button Lets go. As if the developer was frigging lazy and just trying to point it to us to use discord. For  sake, discord might be ideal if you are playing with friend? But how many public player are going to use it? Even if they do have discord, who in their sane mind going to contact with a stranger via discord just for 1 game?Add on 3 Using lift to get up faster? Take a look at this screenshot  you can see where it takes you.Add on 4 Another issue with coop. The Infernal Machine have a sync point that are bugged, not display in the map and neither can be collect. If you think that is nasty, Berserk Blade are a crappy weapon to be use in that mission.A sniper that are hit by Berserk Blade  start fighting among one another could still trigger failure as long as Napolean came within the range of the sniper. What a fantastic way to go.You also cannot execute Air Assasination against enemy if your teammate are fighting the target. You would only land on top of the targeted unit as if they are cushion.Would add more issues to address about this game. 