As a long time AC player, I have quite a bit to say about this one. Lets start with how this game looks on a graphical level. I absolutely love the way this game looks. Fabric looks amazing and natural and animates extremely well. The streets and people are very impressive as well. With so many NPCs in one area, I would expect them to be completely dull and plain with no effort to realism and animation made. I was pleasantly surprised! As far as animation goes, the traversal, combat and assassinations look amazing. While the performance of the game leaves something to be desired framerate drops, freezes etc.. this last patch has fixed the majority of glaring issues ruining this games stability.Next lets take a look at gameplay and the new mechanics introduced in this installment.Combat They really tried to make combat much more challenging and they certainly have. However, it borders on frustrating due to the camera and having to deal with snipers and rifleman. Enemies are a lot tougher and while they still have cookiecutter enemies in terms of look and difficulty, there is still some sense of variety and it takes a long time for the combat to get stale. The most frustrating part about combat are the ranged enemies that are seemingly everywhere. To an oldschool AC player this is a huge spike in difficulty and will cause you a great deal of frustration until you relearn how to fight. In short If a big group of enemies is trying to kill you, run. You wont be able to be swordweilding badass like you where in previous AC games.Stealth This one took some getting used to. Firstly Id like to talk about the cover system. The controls arent polished enough for accurate and precise movement. I would often try to take cover and it would decide to stick me to the wrong object and wind up blowing my cover. When that happens its best you just reload the checkpoint since youll be surrounded and shot at by 50 enemies before you can say smoke bomb. Its not a deal breaker. It just means youll have to work around the constraints of the controls and be extremely aware of whats around you before sliding to cover.Cover kills work well, but you really need to be aware of every single enemy in the area. It seems that the snipers have an incredibly long sight range, even if you think theyre out of line of sight. Sometimes I thought they had straightup eagle vision.Overall the stealth mode needs some minor tweaks here and there and the challenge of it borders on frustration due to controls. Again, its not so bad that its a deal breaker, just something to keep in mind. Youre going to be reloading a lot of checkpoints until you understand each enemies line of sight.Traversal This is actually my favorite part about these games and Unity has introduced a lot of great improvements to it. However there are some problems. It basically has two main mechanics which Ill explain simply. Freerun Up causes you to parkour up while freerunning, and Freerun Down causes you to go down while freerunning. The slightest misdirection of your control over Arno can and will result in you jumping to the wrong object and this can halt your progress entirely. Causing you to awkwardly find the path the game wants you to take. Same goes for the Freerun Down mode. It gets easier as you learn the streets and rooftops of Paris. Its all about getting used to it, which is like learning how to parkour all over again. And I really like that. The Parkour in this game, in my opinion, is awesome. It just takes a bit of patience and practice. The animations while running, dropping, swinging and jumping are incredible and smooth.Main Story This is where the game falls short. The main story in Unity is probably the shortest Ive played. It still filled up a good 15 hour chunk so its not a deal breaker. But most of that was due to having to constantly reload checkpoints because I was still learning everything all over again to get 100 on each one.Heres my big problem with the main story. The first assassination mission in Notre dame was the best one and none of the later missions stood up to it at all. It raised my expections for the rest of the game and the later missions failed to meet or exceed them.Multiplayer Ive played a fair bit of the coop missions and so far I think they show some promise. They got some really good ideas put into this and I think its the reason single player was so short. Im going to go right ahead and say that the multiplayer missions really made up for the short campain, in my opinion. Sure, there are some problems but if Ubisoft keeps working on patches and more content I think itll be amazing.I highly reccomend joining a club with voice chat to really appreciate and complete the more difficult missions. No communication will just make it frustrating in the higher difficulties.In short, I liked this game despite the problems it has. Lots of new ideas but theyre not very polished yet.I give this game a solid 7 out of 10. Thanks for reading and I hope you found this review helpful to you! 