At its core, Assassins Creed Unity is a very good game. It does have some faults, but I think it is worth it in spite of them.It makes me sad how eager everyone is to jump on the hate bandwagon and bash the new cool thing because its popular. It makes it incredible difficult to tell how many people are really experiencing actual issues with the game, because the majority of the comments are lololol this game is so broken and terrible, ubisoft is the devil. These people watch glitch videos and think this is what its like playing the game, without realizing these are compilations of several seconds of video captured over hours of gameplay, and also that there are glitch videos for EVERY GAME IN THE WORLD.Im sure there are some legitimate technical issues for some people, which is unfortunate. I experienced a couple crashes in the first few days, but none since then. I got stuck in a hay cart once. Probably a few other little issues I dont remember. Over the course of 35 hours in a massive open world game. This is not unusual. Its not even the worst offender. Its unfortunate, but if you want big open world games youre gonna have bugs. Theres just no way around it.In my opinion, the problem with the game that is actually important and should be discussed is the tieins with mobile games and web games, along with the micro transactions. Its been discussed in detail elsewhere, so to sum up the tieins are stupid and should not be repeated, and a full priced AAA game should not have 100 transactions. Thats just stupid, and thats all Ill say about that. It shouldnt be an option, but I was also able to play and enjoy the game just fine while ignoring these things.Its depressing having to fill up a review primarily combating the ridiculous hate something is receiving, so heres a bit about why the game is good Traversal is fun and you have a bit more control than past games. Paris is huge and gorgeous. Combat is actually massively improved and really fun. I was not expecting that. Stealth is a much more legit option and is also much more fun. Playing Assassin DressUp with all the new equipment options is far too much fun. CoOp. Blew me away. I never thought I wanted it before, couldnt care less when it was announced. It is unbelievably fun.