Assassins Creed Unity is without a doubt one of the prettiest games in the series so far from a graphical standpoint. When running it on maximum settings this game looks simply breathtaking. All this beauty comes at a hefty price though. A lot has already been written and said about the dreadful bugs and complete lack of optimization that plagued the game at launch. Although Ubisoft have patched the game since then a lot of bugs still remain and the game still feels unpolished. Even with a powerful PC it will be almost impossible to get a steady frame rate of 60 without drastically lowering graphical options, and even when you arrive at an acceptable frame rate for your machine, it will still plunge at certain times for no good reason.Story wise the game is very straightforward and doesnt do much in terms of interesting storytelling. The main protagonist Arno isnt a badly written character or anything but hes simply not very interesting which goes for most of the other characters youll meet in the game as well. Performance and voice acting wise its all topnotch of course so nothing to complain about there. Also, the cut scenes are beautifully made and have some of the best motion capture quality Ive seen in a game so far.Gameplay wise its what you can expect in an Assassins Creed game. As a sequel to Black Flag its a big step down seeing as the game only takes place is one major city for most of the time. The city of Paris is stunning though and its probably the most detailed city ever created in a game such as this. But the sheer repetition of side missions and activities is unforgivable in my opinion. Whereas Black Flag had some variety to its gameplay in the form of side activities such as naval missions, hidden treasures, mini puzzles etc, Unity doesnt do anything new or remotely interesting making pretty much all the side content utterly boring. The big storyline missions dont do much better. Although they allow for a little more freedom on how you can approach a mission in the end its still the same thing over and over again, kill the target, steal the item, protect this and that... Cmon Ubisoft this is just incredibly lazy game design.So is Unity worth it? If youre a fan of the series I suppose Unity provides an incredibly looking open city to explore but its complete lack of variety will most likely annoy the hell out of you. Any non Assassins Creed fan should pick up Black Flag instead because it offers a much better experience and doesnt require a beast of a machine to run properly. 