Unfortunately this is currently by far the worst Assassins Creed. Eventhough we were able to notice a few steps towards this in Black Flag it is impressive how bad this game really is.Ther performance of the game is quite terrible. I would say I own an aboveaverage rig right now, but I can only play on the lowest details available to have the game run smoothly. Unfortunately even the first Assassins Creed looked better of course on high details, but its Assassins Creed Unity on lowest details looks like it came straight from 10 years ago. As a result The textures look like mud.A big argument for buying the game was the new CoopGamemode, but unfortunately Uplay is Udontplay since the servers keep collapsing all the time and as a result I am almost unable to play the Cooppart with friends, but only with random people.In Combat you now ONLY have ONE weapon available No more daggers or other fast weapons, no more fighting with the hidden blade and no more fighting with your fists only. and basically what you have to do is simply click left as fast as you can until one enemy gets a yellow healthbar instead of a red one and then you have to press E to parry it or sometimes you have to dodge it by tapping Space. Later you can also learn to perform heavy attacks or to shove into the enemy staggering him and thats it. You cant grab the enemy anymore, you cant disarm the enemy and the countering has also gone overboard somehow. So the fighting is boring at best and annoying the rest of the time due to enemies you cant parry since somehow they do not count as in your fight or whatever. And a question to Ubisoft What the hell was wrong with the fighting in AC III? That was perfectly fine!Another thing The freerunning. I really like that they added the ability, to choose whether one would like to go up or down while freerunning This is the ONLY change in gameplay I found enjoyable. But unfortunately I experienced a I would call it heavy bug for the first time in the series. I got stuck inside walls nummerous times, when Arno grabbed the side of a window sill and thereby transferred half his body into the wall.The story Sometimes within Unity one gets the feeling that Ubisoft simply left out huge parts of the story, that you have to pick up from cutscenes. Also everybody seems to know about templars and assassins and last but not least The entire background story Outside the Animus is missing. All you get are a few cutscenes telling you a little bit about what you are looking for, but its more of an excuse then a real story.And sometimes its just the small things Sometimes when Arno pops out the hidden blade in a cutscene there is simply air and blade Notice the sometimes because other times I can see it or in a cutscene Arno picks someone up who just lost a swordfight, but the persons sword is magically in the swordbelt again. The reload time for the pistols and muskets is also quite interesting. Everyone in Unity is worldchampion in speedloading ancient guns... Also Why has the ammo you can carry for your pistol/musket been reduced to almost nothing? I mean I was able to carry 8 shots in reserve in the end, which pretty much made a musket as weapon ridiculous.My conclusion Sadly I recommend buying other games instead of this one. For people new to the series Take Assassins Creed III or if you only want the freerunning and assassinating Shadow of Mordor offers that too and that game is running smoother, looks better and the combat is quite enjoyable. I really enjoyed all parts of this series up to AC III with increasing joy and Black flag was also still a good game, but Unity is unfortunately garbage, since even if Ubisoft manages to increase the performance by patches the combat will still be worthless.Edit Nothing has changed I just have to update a review on game I nominated In this case  game 