So most of this review is to counter the people saying assassins creed unity is bad.seriously, running a i7860 a 2009 processor only 8gb of ram and a radeon R9 280x I have had the best experience playing a video game since either skyrim or borderlands 2 i cant decide.  Yeah, sure, i get framerate drop every now and then, and on release date I fell through the floor once or twice, but its a HUGE ING GAME.  Ive played a good 40 hours of this game and am only half done with it.  Sure I get low frames around the cafe heater, sure i get lag every now and then, but for the other 90 of my gameplay I am the king of the world.  This game is fun as The combat is super satisfying most of the time, the parkour is almost always perfect, and the story makes me happy.  Granted, my introduction to long term gaming was fallout 3, so im forgiving, if not even laughing at the occasional bug.  This is a massive game released to a massive variety of platforms, and of course there will be problems on some configurations especially if youre a dumbass and dont update your drivers first, but thats to be expected.  Ubisoft cant test every configuration! They can only test x number of common configurations and hope it works, then release patches for systems and situations they couldnt anticipate.  Granted the microtransactions/pay to win are pretty annoying, but the game itself is ing great.  ing update your system and actually play it before writing it off.All of that said, the universe paris is gorgeosus, it feels real and populated, and the crowd events make you feel like youre really esperiencing the time period..  The story is satisfying, and the pletheral of side quests leaves you never feeling like youre without something to do.  You cans spend hours exploring, getting in the occasional fight, and feel like they were hours well spent.  The new mechanics like murder mysteries, parkour down, and the revamped combat system are absolutely excellent, on top of the already fantastic system.  The world is rich and beautiful, and there is always something to do.In short, play the ing game before you make your judgement.  Everyone criticizing it is a perfectionist expecting a massive game, that is the first of its scope, to be perfect on release.   Of course some things may need to be patched, but even with them still in the game, Assassins Creed Unity is a top 5 must play of 2014