I have been a huge assassins creed fan, which is why I prepurchased it. People seem to think I hate the game, but I am just pointing out the faults.  It is fun, dont get me wrong but not nearly as fun as it should be, with very little replayability.  Here are my problemspoorly optimizedterrible storycharacter developmentvery few coop missionsterrible coop missionsnot as much gear variation as impliedclubs are still buggyloot system is terriblecombat system not that differentHere are the two things that reallyme off most, and sorry if its a rant.1 You can only have one character.  This is the first assassins creed with only one save spot.  I loved going through the campaign and starting fresh, but you cannot do this in ACU.  You can go back and do the missions, but its not the same.  I have all legendary gear, so its easy as can be, and just equipping old gear is not something I should have to do to have fun.  At this point in the game I have beaten the campaign and Im waiting for the week long club competition to get more legendary stuff, but its boring.  I would compare it to an MMO with no end game, but instead of leveling another character, your stuck with who you have.  The most fun I had was with the campaign, but that is over now.2 The loot system is pathetic.  I thought completing heists or other coop missions would grant random loot, the better you do the better the gear is.  That is not the case.  Most coop missions have 3 pieces of gear, and upon completion you get one of them at random.  However, almost all the gear you get is terrible, so there is no reason to do coop missions for gear.  The way you get legendary gear is through club competition, which is the stupidest thing I have seen in an assassins creed game.  I now have to wait a whole week for a random piece of legendary gear to be the reward, then I have to win the club competition.  I prefer the payday 2 loot system to this, and for those that do not know the payday 2 loot system, every mission you complete you have a 1/3 chance at getting a randomly selected piece of gear. 140 hours of game time and I still havent gotten something I want.  This one is especially ranty, which I am sorry about. It is frustrating because there was so much potential and it was wasted.Some positivesthe time period is well doneIts back in a city, which is more fun to me, but that is opinionthe city is huge, so exploration is decent.Still assassins creed, so fun enough for me to play.I am probably going to  still play the game from time to time, but it is not worth 60, there are many better games you can get for less, so at least wait for a deal.