Lets start with the negative....  even though Im 3 hours in there doesnt seem to be a whole lot of plot direction, weapons are easy to come by once you run a few very minor missions able to buy a level 4 out of 5 weapon as soon as the game allowed me to, and anything that has to do with mobility absolutely sucks. I was walking through a crowd once in a restricted area, not pressing any climbing buttons, and started to climb a cart that I had stumbled upon. Guards noticed me instantly, and had to start over from the beginning. There have been several times where Ive wanted to drop to a platform just below me and somehow managed to not only jump over it, but jumped all the way to the ground nearly killing me. Getting to the specific area you want to be climbing is a mess. Another mobility note  I got trapped on a table once. I climbed atop of it, and took nearly 5 minutes to figure out how to climb off of it.Moving on, combat is super sluggish. I understand the drive to make it more realistic, but damn this is not fluid at all. The other games were much more seamless in there transitions between different enemies and actually attacking them. This is awful.On the positive side, I like how they added in a whole bunch of side missions/quests on top of the old mechanic. Each quest seems to have a purpose and a legitimate reason instead of the oldgo here and do this sort of quest line. Also, I like the addition of actually being able to enter plenty of buildings as escape routes. Definitely more entertaining than climb indiscript building A, leap from building to building until you get away.Moving on again, my first encounter of getting shot was incredibly annoying. Then it grew on me in reality, youd be dead with one shot. I shouldnt complain about how quickly they aimed and fired, let alone fire through a crowd.Either way, what happened to this franchise or Ubisoft in general? It seems as though the franchise went downhill after brotherhood Not including the black flag. That one was TOTALLY worth it. I recommend theout of that one. Seems as though its difficult to push a block buster with any sort of good content now adays.3/10, would fall to my death in small doses again. 