This is a great game. Im glad I bought it late considering they fixed most glitches and crashes. I only got stuck in a wall once and you can just fast travel. Really not a big deal. The main bug that really is annoying is when your supposed to kill someone and they are invincible. So I had to fail the mission and restart it to beat it. But only happened twice so also not a game breaker. Besides those two minor inconviences, This is the best AC I have played yet. I own it but havent played sydicate yet.To start the Fighting is awesome. You are no longer this rare talent that can kill 100s of enemies without a scratch. You have to be careful fighting and is the only AC I have played where dodge has to be used. Enemies will strike you at almost the same time. Its no longer one fights you while the rest sit back like untrained soldiers who have never held a weapon. The guards will shoot in the back while 4 or 5 of them swing at you relentlessly. Sometimes you have no time to strike back, just parry all of them over and over. Your best friends are stun grenades, smoke bombs, and running the hell away. I love it all.Another lovely change is the parkour moves. You have to either push a button to go down or another to go up. You have so much more control than any of the previous AC games. It takes a minute to get used to. But considering how much more control you have, I wish all of them used this method for movement. Running on rooftops you can push a button to go further or just the run button to sprint across.The story isnt that bad. I mean its not a blockbuster but I still enjoyed it. The Coop is fun even with other people. I played a couple and honestly it was kinda fun seeing how other people played the game. Double sync assassinations and sitting on the roof throwing smoke bombs while the rest sneak in and murder everyone before it clears. It was a unique way to make a multiplayer game.All and all this is a good game. I dont see why it has such negative reviews on recent ones. The game played fine for me in the 60 hours I have played it. I would say a diamond in the rough. The few things they changed made the game even better. After playing I am glad I ignored the negative reviews and tried it anyways. Made me remember why I love this franchise. I would rate it a 8/10. Its not the greatest game ever, but it is defiantly worth the money on sale.