TLDR if you can run it, its a fantastic game.Ill preface this by telling you I am one of the fortunate few who has had no issues with this game, no ACU.exe has stopped working, no co op issues, no real fps issues. I play with a 970 and an i34150, every setting the highest it can go, and on street level I get 2635 fps, in crowds I get 2025, and rooftops I get 4050. I really should be getting higher fps, but 30 fps is playable I suppose, and the game looks REALLY nice on high settings.Now to the reviewIm really enjoying the bustling city feel that has been missing from then last 2 games, I think it really pulls you into the wonderful atmosphere. Ubisoft was not kidding when they boasted their npc count, cause that really is an impressive feature. The fact that theyre all doing something is really cool. For example, after unlocking the blend ability like sitting on a bench, this does not affect crowd blending I walked over to a few people who were trying to move a cart, and Arno moved under the cart to try and lift it. Not incredibly amazing, but I thought it was really neat. 9.5/10Now in terms of actual plot, its somewhat disappointing, but it holds up. The events seem kind of independent and dont have much of an impact on the rest of the story, you kind of just go back to stabbing people? I did however like Arno as a character, it was clear that Ubi was trying to recreate AC2 Ezio, but I think Arno is different enough to be an entertaining character. I also quite liked Elise, she was a nice complement to Arnos personality. If youre a modern day story fan you will ing /hate/ this plot, because NOTHING HAPPENS. The time anomalies were weak as  too, I mean they were nice to look at but I thought they were lame. 6.5/10Now onto gameplay, Ubisoft did a phenomenal job on the new movement system, when it doesnt bug out running up a wall has never been more satisfying, especially the addition of starting a climb from an angle oh god I think about that when Im not playing. Arno is quite agile, and overall free running is sexy as . Honestly this is what keeps me playing. 9/10Combat is quite weird, it seems to be hard at first but then it turns into AC3/4 minus the actual countering, you kind of just mash X and B IMHO this is a controller game till everyone dies, and if you stop giving s just keep tapping that shoot button till everyone is dead. The animations for finishers and parrying are gorgeous though, and parrying actually is affected by what your hands are doing, but overall combat feels more of a chore. 6/10Stealth was actually really hard, as taking cover never seemed to work when you want it to. The best way to stealth something is to throw a smoke bomb in and kill everyone before the smoke dissipates. A good idea but poorly executed. 5.5/10I wont give customization a point value but its really cool, you have a lot of different options for clothing, but unfortunately your color options are quite garbage. Something that would have been cool was. Halo Reach sequel where you picked primary, secondary and tertiary colors. Maybe in the next game.Overall this is a really cool game that was quite honestly ruined by how Ubisoft conducted their launch day, I mean I really want to defend their decisions because I like this game so much but I really cant. Ubi dug their grave this year. There is hope though as now EA is starting to shape up nicely good job EA! so maybe Ubi will follow their footsteps. Sooner rather than later lets hope. With any luck, AC Unity will be like AC1 and AC3, new ideas and mechanics that dont quite work very well, but are very well polished in the next installment. Lets hope next year we see the best assassins creed yet I give ACU a 7/10 and a dollar value of 40 