I thought it important to warn those who have, and those who have not yet purchased this game, to be completely aware NOT to trust the Uplay Sync Services in keeping your game saves supposedly safe...Uplay sync services is known for being unsafe in some Ubisoft/uplay titles. Take for example this game As soon as Unity creates a save, Uplay attempts to upload it to the cloud to create a current back up. Since Unity creates a new save every 5 seconds or almost every time you complete an action in game, Unity is constantly creating and Uplay is constantly uploading new overwritten saves to the cloud this creates large opportunities for your saves to become corrupted in the cloud or on your computer during the upload or rewrite phase.... This is essentially a huge fault in development, which was overlooked and unchangeable after the games release. Ubisoft has gone on to fix this problem in later games, such as syndicate, by only having the game upload the save after the user has quit the game this of course, gives time for the game to completely finish editing the saves before they are ready for upload.I myself, got half way through Unity when I got a warning from Uplay that read something like Uplay sync services has failed please quit the game and restart... After restarting, my game opened with the beginning intro, and I had realized that my save was gone. After searching my computer in the normal locations, I found that the save was deleted entirely and that the cloud was no longer downloading my previous save and instead, it just wanted to keep starting a new save... I of course, then came to the conclusion at this point that my save was just entirely gone. After turning off sync services and then continuing to play, I have had no issues and have been rather enjoying coop gameplay with my friend.It should be equally understood, that when you turn off sync services, some games such as syndicate do not even load local saves unless it can acquire a copy/clone from the cloud. After playing Syndicate half way through, and then turning sync services off to play unity, I then went back to syndicate but could no longer load my saves they were of course, being loaded from the cloud which was turned off at this point. Once I closed the game, turned the services back on, Uplay then asked me which save I wanted to use after loading syndicate back up I chose my previous save from the cloud, and the game opened as normal...All in all, though Ubisoft has been working on Uplay extensively lately, it is completely apparent that Uplay sync services still suck... I highly advise using another third party software to backup your saves, and dont use the Uplay cloud at all or, use the cloud until it crashes just be sure to have local backups of your saves or youre screwed if something goes wrong.Finally, even with syndicate if a new save is created without sync services enabled, the save will be created and stored in its normal location where it usually can be found such as in the Documents folder, as well as the Ubisoft/uplay folder. Unity seems to store two copies of the save 1 online, and 1 locally. Syndicate on the other hand, seems to only load from a save if the save was first created offline/without sync services enabled, otherwise it wants to load from the cloud if it cant find one, it loads a new save. The rest of my review for this game can be found below Unity is what I see as a reasonable addition to the Assassins Creed collection. Not only does it stay on point with Templar history, but it also brings to light specific conspiracies and traditions about the Templars and their affiliate orders.In comparison to previous titles, a lot of people were disappointed with the story and were confused why certain aspects were chosen I personally, being an avid individual who studies Templar history, found this game to be rather enjoyable and quite accurate for what Ubisoft was trying to portray. Yes, the game does not go exactly with the first three or four Assassins Creed titles, but it does stay pretty accurate to Templar facts, myths and legends for the time period. To not spoil anything, Ill refrain from explaining this point too much just bare in mind that this game is exploring further points of Templar history. The below part may or may not be considered as a spoiler, so Ive blacked it out read if you want, but youve been warned.And a Syndicate spoiler, I guess...So, with my final note on the story of Unity, the game seems to be accurate enough to Templar history to enjoy it...Just dont expect anything fancy what so ever compared to previous games. As far as gameplay goes, there is a leveling system and multiple weapons to choose from. Some skills, and clothing boosters. Many missions, and what feels like 3x the amount of side missions. Coop is fun and seems to work flawless except for where there is someone with bad ping which seems to affect everyone in the game. The mobile companion app, which you can download for your phone or tablet, is essentially a 2nd screen that allows you to see your map at all times like a GPS. You can see your character as you walk around the city, boxes you have not yet opened or collectables you have yet to unlock, it displays available missions and waypoints, you can set a waypoint by holding down on a specific spot of the map, and youll then see the location in game. With this method, you can set two active waypoints by using the app, as well as the map in game. By completing small glyph puzzles in the app, you can unlock additional chests and content in game including some outfits and weapons. Due to updates to the game, you are no longer required to use this app. Performance  Though there appears to be a textural issue that causes textures to become blurry at a given small distance, I have been playing the game just fine with a healthy 4045 FPS all settings are set to high, except for a few such as antialiasing and texture quality. I attempted to set textures to ultra, but it supposedly said it was maxing my 4Gb 970, so I turned it down to high where Im able to sustain at least 40 fps. More testing is needed before I can say whether other settings can be turned down or off, so that I can turn textures up, which would be preferable. Yes, I have enough hours in game that I should be able to answer these questions, but once I first tinkered to get 40 fps, I didnt mess with it again after that.I probably would have added more to this review, but I ran out of space. I could summarize, but its not really necessary.. Thanks for reading. Other than Uplay sync services losing my save, I enjoyed Unity, and would play it again. Hiram Abiff