Heyyo, so Ill start this review saying that Im playing it through with the very latest patch released which is v1.5.0.Performance on this patch is pretty darn good on my PC. It definitely doesnt run as smooth as AC Syndicate but it also attempts much more immersion with an insanely high civilian count and very detailed lighting and shadows system which is of higher quality than AC Syndicate which definitely takes its toll on framerate. Usually it seems indoors is the worst for framerate, I think it could be the specular mapping on shiny objects like frames of paintings or mirrors  so its well beyond my control since theres no dedicated settings to stop that from happening.The storyline is pretty darn good! I do love how AC Unity takes off exactly where AC Rogue ended... tbh AC Rogue probably the lowpoint in the game series for bugs and is a cut down version of AC Black Flag so I wouldnt recommend buying AC Rogue and just reading about it online or something to see what I mean... but yeah, AC Unity though? The story is well done for Arno Dorian the main character, but the way they tried to tie in modern time felt pretty meh especially the ending comment during the credits lol... so dont play it to think that it furthers the AC modern storyline any, play it because its a solid AC game. With that said? Elise is a fantastic female character in this game. She can fend for herself, she wants revenge for her father and she doesnt let men talk to her like shes just a hot piece oflooking at you Marquis de Sade heh.Multiplayer can be pretty fun and I definitely see the potential of it when playing with friends and using voice chat... but doing it with random players can be annoying when they run in full speed instead of trying to figure out the smart way to go about the solution... that or they dont understand the mission of taking out three officers and instead rush to fight the soldiers... so in a sense they can make a good distraciton I guess haha. PThe movement is slow in this game compared to other AC games and tbh I like it at least most of the time. The parcour feels more believeable except the downards leaps that somehow dont snap ankles and more fluid than ever before and the combat is more sluggish and less buttonmashing which is welcomed... in fact? mashing attack will usually get you killed instead of focusing on parrys, staggering hits or stong attacks to cause enemies to stagger.This game is definitely not bug free though. The AI sometimes are found floating in the air, or hovering at a 45 degree angle from the ground or on the rare occasion theyre sliding haha. The most prominent bug I noticed was starting a wall ascent where Arno would be at an angle to the wall and then magically snap to the proper angle once he grabs onto something. That happens a lot and definitely breaks immersion.The different weapons for combat were also a very nice addition, but they made singlehanded swords way too strong. I always felt it wasnt worth it going to heavy or long weapons since they were so slow and the higher up weapons did the exact same damage as a singlehanded sword so there was no point to them.So is it worth buying? Heck yeah if you got a beefy PC and its on sale. The free DLC Dead Kings is also pretty darn good too and gives you some extra weapons plus the Guillotine Gun which is hilarious. I paid 11.99 CAD on a sale and have played 57.3 hours. That works out to 20 cents an hour... so I definitely feel I got my moneys worth and then some. System I played onWindows 10 Pro 64bit build 10586Intel Core i7 3770K  4.40GHz 1.30v Ivy Bridge 22nm TechnologyCORSAIR Hydro Series H80 CWCH80 High Performance Liquid CPU Cooler16.0GB 4x4GB Kingston DualChannel DDR3  2133MHz 11121130  1.65VGigabyte Technology Co., Ltd. Z68XUD7B3 Socket 1155 BIOS F11aASUS VE278 27 LCD 1920x108060Hz via DisplayPort with RGB fullMSI R9 390 Gaming 8G OC 1120MHz core, 1500MHz mem  50 powerSanDisk Ultra II 960GB SSDCreative Labs Sound Blaster Recon3D Fatal1ty Professional PCIEVisionteks Bigfoot Network Killer 2100 PCIE Network Interface CardMy settings for 60fps minus some indoor areas 1920x1080 60Hz Vsync ONEvironment on LowTextures on HighShadow on Low could be set to high but seriously impacted indoor environment fps too much for my likingAmbient Occlusion is OffAntiAliasing on FXAABloom is off.