This game really isnt as bad as most people say it is, it brings new innovative, although small, changes to the sneaking part of being an assassins, with an attempt to take off the restrictions, letting you have extra, optional objectives, these are called opportunities, which may vary from changing the environment, making it easier to escape the area, or fight in, or even receive aid from other people while in combat. The AI is not yet perfect, but is actually a challenge when it comes to combat, each having varying classes as in the previous games, but also with specific levels, showing how difficult they are to fight. Sneaking is as well improved, as you can finally crouch, and stick to cover by pressing a single button. Character Customization is there, giving different outfits each being suited to a certain playstyle, and having different stats on them. France itself is definitely alive, having hundreds of npcs everywhere, as they may aid you in a fight, call for even more enemies to attack, or are even easier for use to escape from an enemies line of sight, which is a borrowed feature from Tom Clancys Splinter Cell Blacklist. Graphics alone are only a small improvement over Black Flag, and Rogue, Honestly I understand if Ubisoft made a new engine for a more diverse and active environment, but I really thought there was no need to improve the graphics over the other game that was released this year. This is why the specs for this game are so demanding. Boss Battles are my main issue with this game, the Bosses alone are really tough, and I actually like that, this time around, Assassins Creed forces you to use the varied skills and tools you have earned to battle against each boss, each of them actually having a tough ai, of course this is not to the extent of other games, like Batman Arkham City, but in Ubisofts Case, it is in an improvement, unfortunately, there is an involvement of highly annoying quicktime events, not even varying in the button you use, but also making you mash the button, although this is a disappointing feature for a boss battle, it wouldve been acceptable, if it wasnt broken. I dont know if its a bug or not, but I think the games qte system is actually trying to make you take a long time to kill your opponent. This isnt a bad game, but it cannot even compete with Assassins Creed Rogue, or Black Flag. I dont recommend this game to anyone, unless you are a desperate, diehard Assassins Creed Fan. Otherwise, I give this game a 5.5/10.