There are some wonderful aspects to Unity, particularly in the environment and the detail that was put in the world. But there are countless annoyances throughout this game, and numerous problems and bugs that still exist. Optimization is still iffy, with framerate drops. There are countless graphical bugs throughout, from NPCs popping into existence 3 feet in front of you to thin white lines visible between some textures.The biggest problem with the game for me, however, is that its just not fun. The camera is clunky and often gets caught up on the environment. The combat itself can be fun and exciting in smaller groups, but is frustrating when youre facing against large groups. Ive found myself mashing a button to drop a smoke grenade, which Arno would ignore, to attacks going through enemies without affecting them, to numerous gameplay mechanics which do not make an ounce of sense to me.One of the problems throughout the AC series has been feature creep, but this game reverses that, to a negative effect. Enemies with guns are much more annoying as there is no effective way to dodge them. You can no longer grab another enemy and use them as a human shield and in fact their bullets seem to go through their comrades and hit you anyway without a problem, which is particularly frustrating when youre surrounded by 10 guards and 4 of them are pulling out pistols, and your dodge move only works when youre near another enemy, not when youre trying to run towards a rifleman. The damage higher level snipers inflict is also riduculous.Counterattacks and parries that cause damage or instantly kill the enemy are out, as are kill streaks and combos. And under other circumstances, I would be alright with that, as previous games have often had straightup combat being easier and much quicker than stealth. However, that combined with the other changes to the combat system just turns combat into a frustrating annoyance.The changes to the stealth system is also similarly frustrating. In an attempt to make the game more difficult and challenging, the developers made it annoying. Hiding in crowds seems a lot more finicky, theres no tall grass to hide in, and you cant whistle to attract enemies. If you want to attract one enemy away from the sight of others, you have to stand in his line of sight and spin in place for a while until he notices you and decides to investigate.Speaking of noticing and investigating, the coop missions are also particularly awful. In order to increase the difficulty and encourage you to play them with multiple people though you can play them solo, the enemies are horribly buffed, particularly in noticing you. You will be expected to sneak into a palace which has three guards at each entrance and overlapping snipers which have to be taken out at the same time or they will spot you. And then they will spot you on the other side of the street and immediately become suspicious and start shooting at you as well.The storyline of the game is...mediocre. Nothing too special, though a bit more of a stronger personal story than previous AC games. However, I was disappointed with the treatment of the French Revolution. As with a lot of AC games, the actual historical events are often poorly explained or depicted, can be often played out of order, and they expect you to already know everything or just go with the flow. Not to mention the fact that the main character is locked in a prison during the leadup and beginning of the revolution itself is horribly disappointing. You dont see a gradual transformation, you dont see people becoming more and more riled up and fighting back. Its just a cutscene and now its the Republic, with the Reign of Terror, and thats it.All in all, Unity is not horrible. Its a AAA game with a lot of resources put into it, but its horribly disappointing compared to other AC games, and in an attempt to make the game more of a challenge, it was just made frustrating instead. 