This games story is absolutely fine. The chacters are fine.. everything relating to the Assassins Creed feel is fine. However, there are so many design flaws and bugs, and ridiculous time sinks... just.. dont bother.Ive had multiple instances where Arno gets trapped in mid air with a falling animation or stuck peering over a ledge and being unable to move. The combat with heavy weapons is sluggish and sometimes you get animation locked watching an enemy fall over instead of being able to move on to the next one. Ive even had the leading red haired female get stuck in place in one mission and refuse to let me continue to escort her. I wont even get into how stupid it is that debris like paper and fruit and other stupid things like that will hang in mid air with nothing to prop them up. The parkour is a little better with the up and down controls.. but half the time Arno will not listen to the players commands and do his own things.. like refusing to grab an easy closeby ledge... or refusing to go into a window. It gets frustratingly annoying very quickly.The missions dont prepare you in any way for what the Full Sync task will be, and often will lock you in the mission being unable to return to free roam mode so you can buy the skill you need from doing coop. And thats another thing... the game forces you to play coop in order to get enough skill points to buy unlocks to get full sync in single player missions! Going back to locking you in missions though, the free dlc you get with the game opens up in sequence 5, and the dlc is sequence 13. If you happen to click the dlc, which is RIGHT BESIDE your home structure to go collect your money, you get shoved into the sequence 13 DLC and are unable to leave until you finish sequence 13 part 1. While the videos you see only provide minor spoilers, there are still things you can easily discern if you really think about it that will spoil bits of the main story.On top of all its design faults, there are so many stupid collectables padding the game time in this game that a very sizable fraction of my game time Above 50 has just gone to looting chests with only money inside. And once you have your 7 pieces of maxed out gear you have no point in having money at all!Also, there are microtransactions in a single player game. Helix points are used to upgrade gear, or buy it early, or used to unlock maps to all the treasure and side quest locations in the game for real life money. I dont think I even need to state how greedy that is.If you buy this game, buy it on sale and only play the main storyline and dont even worry about the full syncs. Youll get a pretty decent story and less of a headache as a result. It hurts to say that because Im a huge AC fanboy, and its so sad to see how this panned out. 