The launch of Assassins Creed Unity was a highlyanticipated moment for me and for our development teams around the world who dedicated a tremendous amount of energy, passion and skill to the games creation. For us, it was the culmination of years of work on new technologies, the development of multiple innovations  including an allnew game engine  and an evolution of the Assassins Creed franchises core pillars. More importantly, we know that it was a highlyanticipated moment for many of you as well, as you looked forward to taking part in the first truly next generation Assassins Creed game.Unfortunately, at launch, the overall quality of the game was diminished by bugs and unexpected technical issues. I want to sincerely apologize on behalf of Ubisoft and the entire Assassins Creed team. These problems took away from your enjoyment of the game, and kept many of you from experiencing the game at its fullest potential.Weve been working hard to fix the problems players are reporting, and the patches we have released so far have resolved many of them. Today, were releasing our third patch, which fixes a variety of specific issues related to the games stability and performance, matchmaking and connectivity, gameplay and menus. You can find the release notes on that patch here.To show our appreciation for your continued support, were making the upcoming Assassins Creed Unity Dead Kings DLC free for everyone. For Season Pass holders, we will also offer the choice of one additional game from a selection of Ubisoft titles for free. More details on the offer for Season Pass holders can be found here.In addition to the latest patch and this offer, we are committed to delivering further fixes for other issues youve raised. In the meantime, please keep your feedback coming  it has been both humbling and incredibly helpful as we continue working hard to improve the overall quality of the game. We are hopeful that with these forthcoming updates, everyone will be able to truly enjoy their Assassins Creed Unity experience.We will continue striving to make Assassins Creed one of the most ambitious and innovative franchises on the market, and we thank you for your continued loyalty and support.Sincerely,Yannis MallatCEO, Ubisoft Montreal  Toronto 