EDIT 2 11/18/14 I tested it with offline mode on for Uplay, framerate drops and glitches are still present, but not near the scale when I am online. I would still not reccomend the game, simply because this is still late alpha or early Beta level preformance at best. Another note here is a portion of the issue could be attributed to NPCs. Ubisoft really put a boat load of NPCs in this game, tons more than an Assassins creed game has ever had. While it does add to the atmosphere it seems to cause framerate drop when running through a crowd of 1000 people screaming and burning stuff go figure...EDIT 11/18/14 Two patches in now and I am still seeing very minimal changes to the major issues that are in this game, framerate drops are still extremely common and present. Lighting remains an issue on certain settings including one glitch where all lighting became bright white pixelated blocks that when looked at would make everything disappear from buildings to your character. Some people have attributed it to Ubisoft Online and reccomended that turning off the overlay and playing in offline mode will help with the framerate drop, I personally have not tested this, but in the past Online modes for Ubisoft games have given me trouble, but not on this scale. Other major issues are still prevalent, such as characters falling through the map granted one of the patches stated it resolved this issueEdit In the comments some troll steam level 1, with an account that has no games listed... told me that the game was just glitchy, not unplayable and that I shouldnt be pitching a fit about this. He also stated that his PC with a 660 was better than mine and I should work on my PC. I wont disagree that I should upgrade my PC some, maybe buy 3 980s and SLI them....But anyways here is my build, since it is relevant to the quality of gameplayGeforce GTX 770, Geforce GTX 770, Intel Core i5670k CPU  3.40GHz, 8GB ram 7.93 usableHaving played 8 hours of this game I think I have come to a solid conclusion. Dont waste 60 fraking bucks on it. Ubisoft has apparently determined that their customers are completely unimportant and released an utterly hideous game.While yes, the gameplay remains loyal to the Assassins creed style, which I appreciate, and the player customization does offer some interesting styles in which to play. The issues with the game simply outweigh the good...Graphics Normally I wouldnt be so judgemental on graphics, but even on Ultra High graphics, I felt like I was playing a 6 year old game, the game does an utterly terrible job rendering anything more than a few ingame city blocks away...To a point a cathedral such as the notre dame looks like it was built in Minecraft, it has no detail at distance at all. Simply flat blurry walls. Its terrifying. There are numerous glitches, Ive seen guards fall out of the sky, fall through the map, fly around. The framerate jobs are random and extremely game breaking, try playing a freerunning game at 60 fps then drop it down to 5 for a few seconds, you wind up facing the wrong direction, falling of stuff, and just generally dying. The graphics here, even on the highest setting, look like Call of Duty 4. And that may be insulting Call of Duty 4. I took some screenshots, If you want to see em they are on my profile.Gameplay Its still Assassins creed, solid combat not as fun as past ones combat wise, interesting customization options, ways to make your own gear unique to you and your style.Story I cant decide yet, aspects of it have clear plotholes, and really strange ones at that. Ones that I can assure you will never be addressed.Honestly If i could ask for a refund, I would. Without hesitation. Maybe in a few weeks once if ubisoft starts rolling out patches for the games numerous issues it will be fun to play. But i doubt they will. Especially for us PC gamers. Even the console gamers have had issues...Which says how seriously FUBARed this game is.Save your money, Go elsewhere.