Quick and DirtyDO NOT BELIEVE THE FLAMERS WHO HAVE RAGE BOMBED THIS GAME DOWN TO AN UNDERSERVING SCOREYOU NEED A FAIRLY POWERFUL GPU TO PROPERLY ENJOY THIS GAME WITH LITTLE TO NO ISSUESAssassins Creed Unity is the best game yet to come out of the AC franchise. With two hundred  hours of total play time between the previous two AC games, I can easily say that Unity beats both AC3 and Black Flag in any measurable contest. If you like the style of game, you should love this one.I have seen very little issues as far as glitches. The only exception is the ocassional ragdoll effect on a downed enemy gets a little excited. It seems that this game is guilty of only one thing It is poorly optimised. So if you have a slower/older rig or are trying to play it on a console sigh, you may have problems running it at a reasonable frame rate and/or glitch free.Long and Boring1 The graphics!...oh god the graphics!! Theyre absolutely gorgeous maxed out... but its always the little things that make it truly greatAmazing PhysX application Makes for a lot of great enemy/NPC dynamics in fights and death scenes. Awesome light play off particles in the air gives the atmosphere a real life quality Motion of clothing looks incredible. It really looks like the characters are wearing the clothes not just skins that flap around when you move.2 The volume of people that move around and gather together in huge crowds will amaze you. Seeing several hundred fully rendered and independant civilians all in the same place is one of the coolest parts of this game. Lots of games do crowds, I get that, but its a sight to see how these masses of people are done in AC Unity.3 The RPG element that Ubisoft put into this game is essentially BS. Its largely a super nerfed and vanilla form of an RPG concept. However, its a welcome development coming from a franchise that had essentially no prior character development besides weapons and gear. The reality is that you will eventually have every skill you want and in fairly little time. The only real decision ends up being which skills you want first. There is no personel development to the character, just skill unlocks. This makes for a very minor overall impact to your play style and ultimately goes unoticed as a feature in this game. Its a fun little perk, but largely useless. At least it doesnt make the game worse?AC has never been about the RPG style of play, so this is hardly a fair criticism. To me, it really seems like this is the kind of game that could do very well if given more depth. It would definitly be more satisfying to spend time playing or replaying for that matter. So although it was a bit of a cheeseball effort, I give Ubisoft a big thumbs up for even trying to move AC in the right direction.4 The fighting is defenitly harder in AC Unity than in previous games, so thats a plus. However, with no difficulty adjustment, it can become too easy as you progress in power and skill throughout the game. Weapons have a parry skill that gets better as they increase in cost, meaning you cant necessarily parry every attack when you first begin. Dodging/rolling becomes necessary to stay alive. Heavy weapons and long weapons have been introduced into AC Unity and both provide a fun change in fighting style that can keep battles fresh after youve mastered one style.5 THE BEST PART The absolutely rediculous, cluncky, and completely unnecessary Abstergo storyline gets the back shelf for this title. Even Ubisoft has aknowledged how stupid this story line is they poke fun ingame at the fact that the Abstergo story line is disorienting and distracting to the immersion of the game. Luckily for all of us, this goofy concept is minimized in AC Unity.Conclusion1 9/10 for the AC line up2 You need a good GPU to run it with no glitches I have a GTX 780 3GB.3 Haters gonna hate, especially console kids. 