Well, what can I say. I fell for the, We fixed it! routine. This game is still, as of January 10th, 2015 and with 4 patches out, plagued by problems. First off, go buy a controller or you wont be able to play this game very well due to just how laggy it is. I have an i52500k runing at 4.8GHz and a 570 running a pretty good overclock as well and this game lags like crazy. I cant put textures on anything but the lowest settings and I still lag. This game used to take me over 10 minutes to start too, strange since it is on an SSD but that seemed to be remedied by adding more RAM. Apparently this game just crashes and lags like crazy unless you have more than 8GB of RAM. BTW I have seen a rig with TWO Titan cards still not able to play this game at respectable settings. Those are 2000 per card just to give you some perspective there. Also there is a qicktime event button mashing sequence where you will possiblely not be able to win. This halts all campaign progress. The only fix I have seen is to restart and try again.So you now know how unoptimized this game is, but that is saddly not all to tell. I will randomly get stuck on things ALL OF THE TIME. Ill just be running along a rail or something and then just stop. After that, I pretty much have to quit the game or hope I will  be allowed to fast travel. Another issue is the blatant use of a consoles UI in the menus. The menus are extremely frustrating to navigate because they require a controller and things arent organized well. What I mean by this, is to adjust the graphics which are set to medium by default, but this will likely only run at 5 FPS you have to navigate though like four selections before you can change anything that matters, This is a big deal because when you start this game for the first time, it will throw you directly into a cut scene that is imediately followed by gameplay. I would have greatly valued the opportunity to  manually set my options before I started the game.The menus also seem to be quite system taxing for no apparent reason as well. Yet another optimization issue.Is there anything good about this game? The short answer is yes. The multiplayer aspect is very fun... when it works. The multiplayer itself seems fine, but with  the client side issues, people drop all of the time due to crashes, random freezes, and that whole getting stuck thing I was talking about. It really sucks when it happens at the end of a mission and you have to escape the area, but cant. When it works though... it is everything I have really wanted from this game. You can run around with a few friends and just explore/rampage or go do the coop stuff. I enjoyed the skill system that came with this play style as well. I do feel like the club competitions to get high level gear is kind of annoying though. Makes it more random chance than an achievable goal.Overall, I would say this game just dissapointed me. It was very unwise of Ubisoft to release two games like this. Both have major issues. It is completely ridiculous how they pretty much ruined one of the most unique and interesting games out there right now. Very greedy vibes coming from this. Shame.TLDR3/10This game is no where near finished and is not worth buying in my opinion, but the multiplayer was fun when it worked.