Very bad game. Combat has been unnecessarily changed to a system that takes too long. You just mash the attack button while your character slowly does an attack. Counters have been made to be useless. I try to do every mission stealthily and get caught. Trying to escape is futile because all the enemies will chase you and shoot you, doing 1/4 hp damage every shot.Stealth has also been changed. The whistle has been take away so the only way to get a guards attention is to stand in his field of view and then hide before his alert bar fills up. A long process just to get a guards attention and gives the same result as the whistle found in previous games.All this, while also putting up with the horrible framerate and stuttering. I maxed out Black Flag and got 4560 fps. If I try to max out Unity I get 2030 fps. Black Flag also had a ton more graphical options than Unity. Unity only has 3 settings for shadow quality, while Black Flag had about 5 including Nvidia Soft Shadows. Environmental quality has about the same amount of options but there are no noticeable changes between each setting. Options for god rays have disappeared, as well as motion blur, volumetric fog, and support for Physx. One positive is that they finally properly support 1610 resolutions and Borderless Windowed mode. Good job taking 7 games to finally add it!The coop is also laggy and unplayable. Theres not even any real reason to play the coop missions because theyre not connected in any way nor are they tied to main story in any way. For a game that marketed the coop so heavily and took away the great multiplayer from the previous games, I expected the coop to be more prevalent. But I dont feel like Im missing anything if I dont play it. When I DO play it, I feel like Im missing the old multiplayer.This game feels like they decided to throw away everything from the previous great games and replace them with concepts. But the concepts were never fully fleshed out or polished. But hey, at least the game looks great if youve got the cash for a stateoftheart PC right? Good job Ubisoft art team!Edit I just finished the game after much torture and rage. I can say that the story is extremely uninspired and insignificant. The present storyline inst progressed at all Im not exagerrating, the character says that the templars are wasting their time. It feels as though this game was just a filler and a test bed for a ton of new features that Ubisoft will polish and apply to the next game. Also, you can finally skip and fast forward credits in a Ubisoft game!A couple more notes, I noticed the stealth mechanic doesnt work in this game. Its very hard to perform an assasination without a nearby enemy hearing it for some reason. And double assassinations are extremely difficult to pull off because the two enemies have to be so close that they are hugging as if theyre in love. Performing an air assasination isnt silent anymore, a nearby enemy WILL hear it and immediately go into alert status. Thats about it. Im off to replay Black Flag.