You people might not find this review since i review this almost 2 years after release, but still, i have to write one because this is one of my favorite game of all time despite of the hate.Ok heres a FAQ You wanna buy this? Buy on sale Is it good? Yes obviously, just dont listen to those people who keep yelling Unity Sucks. You have to try it yourself. Hows the story? It tells about a story of an assassin that raised by templar, and slowly he tries to find out who is he and what assassin is.. Its not a bad story, but not so good either, more like cliche. Hows the gameplay? 7/10. Sick parkour and combat animation, advanced character customization. They add new assassination mission mechanic, when you meet bosses, they will give you an area where your boss at and some ways to finish the mission, you can choose to obey all optional ways, some, or maybe not at all, its up to you. New parkour mechanic has enhanced pretty much, theres a climb up and down button so you wont die in foolish way like in previous series. And, each story and assassin order has different mission set that wont get repetitive at all, it gives you a lot more variation in each mission, either main and side mission. But the combat not so optional, unlike the previous game. Also usable weapon limited, you can only use your equipped weapon in combat and hidden blade in assassination. Its also use skill point system like rpg, you have to unlock things with skill point that you can get as a reward by finishing story/coop mission or by collecting hidden skill point in each coop mission, nice concept but overused. Hows the graphic? 10/10. The graphic is just, top notch, even to compare with nowadays 2016 games. Exposure, lightning, textures, blood splash, bloom, effect, timecycle, almost everything well executed, especially the lighting effect. IMO, this game had the most decent graphic at its release. How rich the game world? The world felt so alive. Paris design in this game pretty well executed, even i can say that this game has most beautiful world design so far IMO. The atmosphere of France Revolution felt alive, ped density and variety, objects, environment, everything succesfully executed. Ped in this game not just walk from point A to B, they have their own life. You will meet uncounted variation of activity, people fixing carriage, burning books, mad people, etc. And, its not just exterior exploration, but they give you a lot of accessible from houses til iconic building. And each interior has its typical design. Plus, they add underground map that explorable in freeroam. Hows the coop? You will given two types of coop mission, heist and coop story mission. Some mission allow you to play up to 4 players, but some only 2. In heist, you will ordered to steal stuff or things from templars, the price is upon to how big the mission level. In story coop mission, there will be a specific story for the coop it self. You will given an order to do things just like main mission, and it will give you skill point and weapons/armor if you pass it. There are some hidden skill points that you have to collect yourself in story coop mission. Every coop mission can be finished by 1 player. Also you can make a clan and invite your friend to play together. Coop system also available for free roam, up to 4 players.PC port? It sucks at release, but its getting better in each update and now 1.05 patch, lastest update almost everything fixed, less glitch and bugs, stutter, etc. Its safe to be played for now. But you need at least 2gb ddr5 graphic card and i3 4130 or above to play it 30fps. But honestly i can say that you need at least i5 or above with 3gb or above graphic card to run it smoothly and avoid below 30 fps drop. Its playable overall in i32gb graphic card or equal but sometimes fps drop below 25, stutters happen sometimes but not often. Maybe its because of steam and uplay overlay that make this game heavier that it should. I have tried play it in offline mode, with connection off, disabled steam and uplay overlay, it gives you 5fps or more. So yea, overall this game playable.Minus? Theres pretty much serious issues in this game. I dont know for what reason, but they remove pretty much useful mechanics from previous game like whistle, body pickup, environmental blend assassination, stealing from peds, health regeneration it doesnt have to be like ac3/ac4 but at least regenerate 12 bar like ezios series wasnt a big deal, right? and many more, its not a big deal but there will be a lot more fun with it on. And heres the serious one, skill point. Its not a bad concept although, adding little rpg mechanic add pretty much fun to this game but, the skill point, seriously? Its not a problem at all if you asked to use skill point to unlock special ability like disguise, advanced lockpicking, additional health, etc. But, oh god, you also have to unlock things such as rolling, double air and double normal assassination, environmental blend, stun enemy, ranged weapon control you have to unlock firing gun skill to be able to equip ranged weapon? !, and many more things that supposed to be unlocked at first or at least as soon as you get assassin robe. One more, you cant create multiple save slot like in previous game, there will be only one save slot, and you have to remove it if you wonder to start a new game. Also theres some serious problem in combat, you can only assassinate with hidden blade, fight with your equipped weapon it means only one which in previous game you can use a lot of weapon and it could be combined while in combat, and its kinda sad. The combat system pretty challenging because of leveling system but too simple either. In combat there are only such kind like dodging, stun, heavy attack, light attack, finishing, thats all. AC3/4 combat maybe could be way too easy because its used beatem all combat system like batman arkham did, but it so much more fun because its a lot more optional, you can disarm and takes enemy weapon, fighting enemy with bare hand, hidden blade, using items like rope dart, snare, pistol to counter and create sick animation, kinda miss that. How long itd take to finish the game? It would take around 20 hours for the main story only. Including side mission, it would take around 3050 hours to finish it. If youre a completionist, it would spend more than 60 hours to take.Overall, its a good game, it could be another successfull game of the series if only ubisoft more patient, not release the game too early, not remove useful mechanic from previous series in stealth and combat mechanics. 8/10. 