Ive played this game about 30 hours right now, and I like most of it so far. Although there are a few not even minor things I really dislike about this game.First of all it doesnt work properly on Windows 10 after installation, you get a crash every 10 to 15 minutes. It is easy to fix though, but it is quite irritating at first. You can stop it by searching for, you will get probably 3 results. Move or rename the one in Windows/System32, and you will have no problem playing the game anymore. you wont have sound during the UBISOFT logo video, but there are no other problems with this.Now during the combat they changed a few key thingsThey removed the human shield ability, I dont know why, but its bad. You will get in combat with maybe 7 soldiers, maybe 2 will start to shoot at you, and you cant do anything about it. And, when you are in combat and throw a smokebomb, you have to keep using your primary weapon i.e. sword, axe or spear thingy, so you cant just stab them with your hidden blade, which is just totally ridiculous. Also, a lot of times, you will get spotted. And when you are spotted, you cannot air assasinate enemys, so far so good. BUT when you jump on them, they get knocked down, and, you just have to wait for them to get back up. You can only stab them on the ground after playing a large part of the story, after which you have to use ability points to unlock the ability to stab people who you knocked down on the ground. why did you think that was a good idea?Now I do like the Paris they made, its a pretty big open world with a lot to do in it. Its also really nice you can customise they way you play by changing parts of Arnos costume. Also the lighting is sublime, The castles and palaces are just beatiful with the glossy marble and golden detailing and the beautiful art pieces on the walls. The story is good so far only played until sequence 6 yetShort version of my reviewPros really nice and beautifully created Paris, they put so much detail into it. random events on the streets of Paris lots of quests/side missions you can customise Arnos costume, with each part contributing to different abbilities lots of different weapons when you have to assassinate a major person in the story, you can take a lot of different routes to get to them nice brutal finishing animationsCons crashes every 1015 minutes on Windows 10 after install, easy to fix though, but Ubisoft shouldve already fixed it. cant stab enemys who are in a smoke cloud they removed the human shield ability can stab knocked down enemys only after playing a big part of the story 