If and only IF your willing to have your heart ripped out from a generic love story this game it for you!Please read the whole review before making judgements, This is a honest review from a long time fan of the Assassins Creed Series.Little BackstoryAfter watching a lets play of the whole game, playing it on Xbox One and waiting for this game to go on sale for PC, I successfully completed my first hour on this AC game. Being a veteran Xbox gamer, I have owned every Assassins Creed game to date. This game by far does NOT compare to AC 2 in my opinion, or any AC on Xbox. Due to the tremendous amounts of times this game crashed in a 1 hour session, I had to turn my High graphic settings to as low as they will go just so it will not crash, Note I just brought a brand new Alien Ware x51 or something of the sort thus meaning the DEVELOPERS are to blame for a unstable, overused, repetitive game/franchise. Honestly if they wanted a good unused story and wanted to make a DECENT GAME instead of popping one out every nine months, they should just hire me. /The game that are coming out now are poor quality and not worth buying unless a 50 sale is going on.Ubisoft as a fan since the first Assassins Creed, just know I am disappointed with you...THE REVIEWThe story is the classic Assassin vs Templar with the usual Assassin victory in some perspective that aims to rip your heart out and fall in love with the franchise, since Paris is the city of love it only makes sense that they focus on this more than any other AC game. seriously no one gives a crap about anything else then the love story, sure you get to dabble as French Sherlock Holmes, and getting a view of what a amazing WW2 France Assassins Creed Game  THAT COULD AND SHOULD HAVE BEEN, but nothing else is very significant in this game.The game throws in some interesting new weapons and abilities in your arsenal, but just because they keep adding a bunch of weapons in the game that you can get through the whole story without using it once. Just saying a Eden Sword, really? that idea was stupid, who ever thought of that should be burned at stakeThe historical aspect of the game fails to impress me, even Notre Dame in game is a pale representation of the REAL ONE.In addition they add Napoleon Bonaparte into the game. YAY! awesome! The downside is he is there for like 23 missions and mainly only the cut scene towards then end of the story. Also you can watch the Kings head cut off, that is cool I guess, It was very significant so Ill give you that one.OVERALLThis game is only for the love story if want it for the graphics or the game play, expect the worse so you wont be disappointedIf I had to give this game a rating? 7/10If i had to determine the value of this game? 30Would I recommend this game? YES, I would, even tho there are many negatives, Ubisoft barley managed to scrap together a game, with Arno Dorian and Elise de la Sierre.If I could change one thing? The Ending It Broke My Heart Thanks Ubisoft! 