Bought it on sale in a bundle. Probably the most frustrating game. In substance, it has a lot to offer in innovation over the series. New weapon types make for a good way to change things up for different play styles, the armor customization is nicer than picking recolors from previous games. The new freerunning, in theory, is a good idea for control. However, the game is a complete botched job.The combat is ruined by the fact that block queues can appear off screen thanks to the horrific camera, blocks dont work reliably, some enemies will do a dodge roll and the game really doesnt know how to handle Arnos swings during this like randomly swinging his weapon in the opposite direction without any player control and enemies will cheat and by cheat I mean throw rocks, which is unblockable and random damge, back up two feet and shoot you which is broken beyond belief in several ways, and sometimes gain an inexplicable instant kill move against the player I had 5 diamond gear and full health and managed to get impaled randomly with no queue over a guards head. Thanks, Ubisoft.The freerunning, which brought, in concept, some amazing additions to control on how you scale the world around you has ups and downs and is for the most part rough around the edges. Theres controlled falling, which basically makes the game intelligently descend a building. This works for the most part and is actually the most polished part of this game. It has only caused me two issues one time it straight up threw me off a roof and killed me the other instead of falling off the Sync point and into the haybale, the game tried to reverse scale the building and just made it frustrating maybe making the two have the same keybinds/controls was a silly idea?The setting is a special one for me. In high school I was on an academic team and the years topic was the French Revolution. Its a really exciting piece of history that in all concepts makes sense for Assassins Creed. It works. The game, however, doesnt use it for They basically employ two factions of guards, one of which doesnt make too much sense to be around, especially in the innumerable amounts they are. The time period barely comes into play other than muttered French and name drops  at the beginning of the game you break out of jail with your newfound Assassin mentor, so they just logic it that youre breaking out of the Bastille.The story even has an exciting arc to it. This isnt really a spoiler because its discovered in the first hour and isnt even a plot twist. Arnos love interest, lise de la Serre, is clever, witted, and happens to be the descendant of the Templars, while Arno a descendant of Assassins. This is an amazing setup to a story, because which ever way it is spun it can be an exciting play of events and lead to an interesting story. Instead, the writers decided that this comes up every so often and by every so often, I mean a couple times after introducing it and place this on the backburner, while making you focus on the most boring dialogue ever with the Assassins Bureau, where they try and nonchalantly sneeze out exposition of the history occurring around them.WHYThis game gotfor the graphical bugs on release and its nothing important to note, other then the fact that its still an unstable mess with texture popping almost a year after their final patch.Overall, this game made me sad to see like this. It had all the potential, but something killed it. I dont even want to finish it because it feels like such a chore, where other games of the series were an adventure. 