Okay, so where to begin.Assassins Creed Unity takes the game back to its original roots. Is that a bad thing no, not really, but it also doesnt bring much new and revolutionary additions to the table.Beautiful buildings, wonderful architectural designs of famous places, I mean the team did an excellent job at sculpting this eyecandy pieces of art. The scope is beyond impressive, the technology behind it, topnotch, but the price is performance and other issues that Ill note below.Interiors look amazing, polished, glossy, its like they spend more time fixing the inside than the outside, because once you set foot on the cruddy looking outside streets of France youll probably gag.Fighting is terrible. The animations are a step backwards, theyve had what SEVEN games to get the battle system down, and I seriously felt it was unpolished, the worst from ANY of the previous games. This is NEXT GEN? No, its more like a rush job to get money from the Holiday crowds.The world itself is somewhat bland, boring, and lifeless. Its sad that they attempted to bring it to life with all those pointless NPCs that glitch left and right, do random things, get in your way, see crowds upon crowds revolting, but honestly, I couldnt care less... WHY? Because I had NO part in the situation at hand.Things to do So theres tons of stuff to do, collectables, tons of side missions, but guess what, I didnt really care to complete them. See the game doesnt really give you reasons to care about these side quests, I never felt the need to do them. Theres no consequence, your efforts dont change anything. Its sad, and I love Assassins Creed games, this review is coming from someone who grew up playing ALL the AC games.The French Revolution setting didnt make sense to me. And the story, SPOILER, about vengeance loses itself somehow to the point where I was killing these paper trail targets solely to get to the final guy who was apparently some Sage?They could have done so much with the story. The whole time warping thing didnt make sense to me Cool and awesome because I am trying to figure out who is trying to find me! At least in Desmonds case from AC 13 I understood what was going on, I knew the background story! Its like this is a sequel to some game Ive never played before!And then the ending comes along. SPOILER So I recall the Apples of Eden in the previous games, and now my character has the Sword of Eden. But theres no logical explanation to ANYTHING! How did the sword come to be?Who created the sword?Was it crafted from the Apples of Eden?Wasnt this SWORD what that woman telling me what to do, wanted?The woman wanted to know where that guy was buried, WHY?I wanted to know more about this mysterious woman telling me what to do.I wanted to know more about this Sword of Eden.How did it shoot electricity at me?What was the purpose behind it?Questions that could have FLESHED out a story more appealing than any other AC Game!Its like they just want us to play through history without any form of story to tie things together.Give us some form of information!Come on Ubisoft, the story could have been fleshed out SO, SO well, but I didnt care for what you handed to me on a beautiful silver platter because I didnt understand the entirety of it, I didnt feel Arno had some purpose, besides vengeance.Do I recommend this game? Yes I do. Why, because if youre an avid AC fan like myself, youll want to delve into it and explore the beautifully crafted sandbox they created. But the story was so underwhelming that I might have trouble purchasing any other title. 