So, when I first played it, it was horribly bugged. Just... Bugged out of proportion. This is quite normal for game nowadays, they fix that in later patches. So I waited, and waited, and waited. Looking for the positive reviews, but they never really show. I thought welp  I own the game, might as well try it. During the first five minutes of play, I encountered two bugs. NPCs walking on top of one another, and trees floating above ground. Gritting my teeth, I played on, thinking I could look past these things. And to my surprise, I could indeed look past it.In spite of this, I had to uninstall. Just... Give up. Combat is horrible  every guard owns a gun, and every guard is a marksman. They have no problem unloading their guns in a crowd, nor do they miss someone running past them at a distance with people in between. Those are shots really good marksman have a hard time with, with a modern gun, and these guys are shooting ancient crap that has the same precision as say... Boomerangs. Only these ancient boomerang guns seem to be magical. I had no idea ubisoft implemented magical weapons. But there you go. If someone aims at me, I could do nothing about it. Oh yeah, the dodge feature, which instantly allows you to become a target for meleers while the marksman perhaps misses. Great, dodge the bullet, stabbed with the sword.Fine, fine... I thought. Perhaps Im just bad at this. And after all, I am an assassin, not a knight or a samurai. I should be competent in melee, but not a superhero. Ill kill them in stealth instead. Only I cant because many enemies are also clairvoyant. Its my fault really, if they have magical guns then chances should be good that theyre also wizards, who can instantly tell that their friends die even though their backs are turned and their friends make no sound as they die. Even around corners, if theyre a pair walking down the street. So, stabbing is out of the question unless you stab all your enemies in the same moment.Again I thought fine... Fine... Assassins are not mass killers. They dont take out several people. Theyre pinpoint killers, focusing on the one target theyre supposed to hit then running for it. But again  running for it only works if your enemies doesnt have the time to draw their magical guns and firing through masses of people, hitting the one person whos running. Which they often do.I mean, I am not bad at these sort of games. Ive played almost all other assassin creed games. From Altair, to Ezio, to Connor and Kenway. I never had any problems in any sort of combat, and I liked them all in varying degrees. But this game... Cant do it. Combat is out, stealth is out. What am I supposed to do? Petition a ban against magical guns? I know I havent played the game that much, but thats not really a feature is it?In either case. Buy this if youre a huge fan, or if you just like wonky gameplay. Otherwise, dont bother.Its a polished turd. Great to look at, but not meant to be consumed.