I think Ive figured it out. If you want my full opinion which you probably dont go read my ac 3 review. Anyways, I was just playing this and I finally figured out what it feels like to play an Assassins Creed game. About 1213 years ago I would play videogames with my older brother. wed play games like Need for speed and Battlefront, and I would always want a turn to play. but at the time I was like 6 and watching a 6 year old play video games was hell. So my brother would hand me a controller that wasnt plugged into the system and hed continue to play. Obviously at the time I didnt know the difference, I just went along with it cuz I was a retarded steam censored  so I put the  there 6 year old. ANYWAYS, playing an assassins creed game is like Ubisoft is handing you an unplugged controller while your older brother continues to play. Sometimes youre on the same wavelength, you can go in the right direction and do some pretty cool things. But most of the time, youre at the will of your brother and what he wants to do. To elaborate, In the last 3 hours, Ive spent 3 1/2 hours dry humping revolutionary Paris. Ive shagged gargoyles on NotreDame and Ive been shagged by pointy french 15th century architecture. And when Ive gotten my rock off 60 feet in the air, I leap onto the soggy heads of my victims, alerting every 15th centry antiair turrents that they have cleaverly placed around the map. Anyways Im going to keep this review short. Also Ive played a majority of the game on Xbox like 3 years ago but I got this for cheap and figured that I liked it back then Id finish it up.ProsI like Arno. hes cool.I like the aesthetic.I like the customization options.I would like to try the coopElise is hotMovement system is waaaaaaaaaaaay better than assassins creed 3 the last most current ac game I playedConsThe movement system is still pretty bad tho.I still hate the whole youre in a simulation and the whole future story. Why cant it just be a historcial game, a game where you just are an assassin, not playing as one in a simulation.THE MOST FRENCH SOUNDING PEOPLE jk If I wasnt told I was in paris I would think I was in london.Why just ww2 sections. Why isnt there just a seperate game where youre in ww2?I swear to god the who was like yeah we dont need to put any code in to stop the character from plunging 65 feet to his death Like seriously I was running along the top of NoterDame and Arno just shot off to his left jumping off of the building and dying. Almost like while he was running he figured hed probably die from dysentery anyways, might aswell end it now.Also there was this one point where Arno jumped like 30 or 40 feet off the top of one building and grabbed onto the  side of another across the street. I swear to god I had to stop playing and Ice my fingers. He must have been going like 100 miles an hour and he just ing latched onto this building no problem. But then Arno has issues getting inside of windows and jumping from one balcony to another 5 feet away on the same building.