2017, PC, playing maxed at 60fps. i can say unity is honestly my favorite AC after a fair second playthrough years later after its release and fixes, but lets be honest. everyone has a reason and an opinion. mine is that ubi ed up hard on this game with release. perhaps they were too self confidant with how big the hype was, and i played black flag after beating the fixed and final unity, and i couldnt get through more than an hour of black flag without NEEDING unity, its climbing, the graphics. the coop, the missions. for those who havent played unity 2017 on pc, i encourage you too. for the record i loved black flag and beat it 2 times on ps4 when it came out. and Im not saying unity is a better game,  just that its a newer and more smooth idea of the AC games, as far as gameplay and bugs go. and i cant get over how smooth and fluent the climbing and animations are, as well as the coop being fixes, i find a game in almost seconds. HOWEVER this is a review and its time to get negative. so what have i seen thats bad about unity. Well for some reason when running the game at 60fps the cloth physics get very stiff and almost motionless, infact while running if your have a very long coat it may if you look at it seem as if the coat is glued to your legs like many other ac games, while climbing the cloth is a bit better and almost unnoticeable stiff. BUT when running the game at a locked 30fps, the cloth is AMAZING looking and flows with high quality physics all over very realistically i might add. aside from this small detail i can say every bug ive seen since launch has been fixed or polished enough to be acceptable. and ill be damned if i said i didnt enjoy every second of playing this hidden once hated gem. I would LOVE a update once and for all for this game too fix this issue, though i doubt it will come. UBI IF YOUR FOR SOME REASON READING THIS, this game is amazing. and your a great company who makes amazing games BUT admittedly they can be broken. but never the less, making games is not easy, especially one of this quality, and to make a entire dlc adding a whole new map, story, and missions and events for FREE cause of a bad launch, for that along with the continues updates to fix the game even after people spat on it. for that, i give this game a 9/10. 