Lets get down to the simple sentence that decides whether you pay 60 bucks for ac unity. Is your computer a top notch gaming rig? Im being serious here though. Whether your rig can put up with the very likely to be numerous memory leaks in this game would be dependent on your ram, I have ten physical gigs, so I know the difference ram makes. Whether you can get it to look half decent isnt so much the issue, my rig was top of the line 3 years back and can run this this maxed everything but antialiasing, which i run on fxaa, you dont need 8msaa, and it will lock up your computer, I promise you. Now you might be wondering, Ive heard very polarized things about this game, but more problems than I can count, surely its not that simple? Youve got me, but Ive seen both sides, some vilify it for its in game purchases, let me tell you, you dont need them, nor do you feel lacking without them. This doesnt condone their practice here, its the worst Ive seen yet, but dont let it ruin this game for you if you could have played it. So far, Id say it lives up to the hype in one area, and one area only, the graphics being simply stunning.But of course, if youre wondering if you can run this game on low, leave, right now, unless youre running windows 7 x64 or above and have more than 7 gigs of ram.  Then youll be fine. Probably, dont take my word for it, but I wasnt kidding when I said that your computer will either make or break this game for you. SHAME on ubi for not optimizing it to be better, it should be 60 when not running antialiasing, but I cannot promise that, and I cannot promise it will be stutter free. If you can be patient in any other ac game though, let me tell you, youll be ok here, as long as you can get this game to work without graphics lag on low. Thats my two cents, and let me tell you, a lot of the negative feedback on this game is a bit much, it CAN be enjoyed without struggle, so lay off it. And instead yell at ubi for shady business practices. Thats my two cents, hope I helped ya.Minor update After many many more hours into this game, I can declare that it is the glitchiest and buggiest son of a b Ive been able to both play and enjoy. I love this game to pieces, its so customizable you wouldnt believe it. And if you can get past a few things, you will too, granted it runs. Ill put it into perspective, the absolute worst bug I came across was that unless I started the game at minimum settings, a certain QTE section wouldnt let me complete it. And finding help wasnt too bad, theres plenty of people to talk to, one of the positive side effects of this game being buggy as sh. That is all.TLDR This game is good, but you need to accept that not every second youre playing it will be fun. Helluva payoff when you rank up to legend with all gold star gear though.