Unfortunately there isnt much I can write about the game due to several issues stopping me from playing any further.Controls are clunky and not easy to use at all. I tried switching cover to stay out of sight of a guard and I ended up standing in front of him while trying to switch. Really bad and a significant drop in quality from previous titles.Assets dont sit well together and NPCs glitch and fall through walls and floors as well as walking through each other like ghosts.Even with my GTX 1060, this game has to be played in High just to get a playable framerate, The graphics settings in this game go in this order Low, Med, High, Very High, Ultra and even then Im only getting 30  40 FPS. Just as a comparison, I am playing through the Witcher 3 on Ultra  60 FPS with very few dips. Optimisation in this game is very poor.The combat is absolutely awful. I have played AC1, 2, 3, and Black Flag and the combat in those games are fantastic and satisfying. This combat is clunky and slow. Some of your commands not even registering and Arno just stands there like a lemon and gets slashed across the chest by an enemy sword. Not only that, but it doesnt feel adequate at all, theres little feedback and it is really underwhelming.From reading other reviews note I did not get this far there is apparently chests you cant open without having a 3rd party app on your phone as well as an ingame shop for micro transactions. This is something I cannot stand. A full price triple A game with a built in shop? What is this? CandyCrush? Free To Play games I can understand, but this is a business strategy I cannot support at all and shouldnt exist.Overall I think this is just a game to miss. After its horrendous launch, I thought I would give it a chance nearly 2 years on after it was patched, and the issues are still very prominent. If the issues are still here now, I cant see Ubisoft doing anything to solve them. If you want an Assassins Creed game to play, try Syndicate instead, although that one still has an ingame shop. Its a shame with what couldve been a fantastic game set in one of my favourite time periods. I shall be refunding.TribalHARRY.