AC UNITY REVIEW System Intel core i7 4790K  4 ghz, Gigabyte GTX 970, 16GB DDR3PerformanceIve played 40 hours and havent had a single performance bug. NOT ONE. Im not lying so I can get you guys walletquot as the people who are crying about this game are saying to silence the positive reviews. I seriously have not had one bug that affected performance. I had 23 during a full playtime that were all small objects that didint render in with textures. OH BOY HOW CAN WE COPE??? I know im running a 970 so you may argue that I dont have to worry about performance but apparently people with 980s in SLI are having issues so yeah. Anyways I get a solid 5060 frames which may not be acceptable for you 60fps minimum fanatics out there but it ran smooth as butter for me, If youre having problems then cool, but Im not suffering at all. I Played the game at 3 pm on day 2 My internet is slow so there MAY have been a day 1 patch idk but whatever.Now for the actual gameStory This seems to be hit or miss for most people, its definetly not as engaging as Black Flags story but it makes sense and dosent even really have any reallife segments and thats a plus for me as Desmonds story is boring and ACIVs Abstergo office moments pulled me entirely out of the experience. Arno is a decent character, Im not spoiling anything about the plot besides that theres a kind of predictable ending death but overall it works and story isint why I buy AC games anyways Not to say this is not a good story, because it isStory  8/10Graphics YES. Like the first scene is actually kind of mediocre and put me off from the game, but once I got into paris it was SHOCK AND AWE. Like, good enough to understand 3GB vram reccomended. Every texture looks amazing, every cobblestone looks unique, the citizens look great, you can see farther than before and even that little house in the distance is totally visitable, the interiors looks amazing due to great Nvidia technologies sorry AMD and the game overall is just AMAZING graphically. I cant even explain it. You have to see it.Graphics  9/10Gameplay This is most different AC yet. Like I mean, theres so much more to do. If I didint get Far Cry 4 with my 970 Id have already sunk 80 hours into this. Its just so fun and entertaining. Combat is about 3x harder, any group bigger than 34 guys is a challenge, and stealth is a viable option this time. Every main assassination gives you a target and thats it, not to mention you can change up the mission too. For example, the first time I played a mission I stealthed through and killed him normally. The second time I freed the captives and got a force of 20 armed allies and put them against the 60 or so guards YES 60 and it was a massive battle. I was like very far away but It looked like I was seeing it in real life and it was just so realistic and the guards finally won but the entire compound was At the battle scene so I simply ran over to the target and knifed him. The weapon variety is insanely nice, long weapons, heavy weapons, medium weapons swords not to mention pistols and muskets, same with armor, you can mix and match for days, be a emeraldgreen arabian looking assassin with a gold axe, or maybe a rough looking brigand with a pistol and sword. Or whatever else. The coop is amazing, this coming from somebody who is only OKAY with normal AC multiplayer, and its so fun fighting a pitched battle, 4 assassins against a swarm of enemies.Gameplay  9/10Overall this is a great game and I feel bad for the people who dont have rigs powerful enough to enjoy it Overall Score 8.7/10 