I dont understand the criticism about this game, its been running like butter on my system. Which, granted is a GTX 970 and i74770k which is quite a bit higer end. But regardless of the technical issues people have been claiming about and I have no doubt that theyre there. But the game itself is in my opinion great. It alters the traditional formula that ubisoft has been employing for years making it a refreshing new expierience. One example is the combat, its now at least somewhat difficult. There were a couple times where I died and not due to t reasons. This is refreshing for assassins creed, seeing as for the past numerous games the auto counter was essentially the kill button. They altered the way you approach assassinations too, more like a puzzle analyzing your envrioment careful to take out a target, I also like how theres numerous ways to assassinate different targets. The emphasis on the assassination, and this new planning mechanic towards your meaningful assassinations are rewarding. Perching up on a rooftop plotting your entrance, how youll assassinate the target and planning your escape route, then seeing it all come together is satisfying. Mechanically the game is solid, no complaints from me, in my opinion Ubisoft perfected the free running aspect of assassins creed back with assassins creed II in 2009 and ever since no other game has tried to touch this kind of psuedorealistic open world gameplay. I do wish that ubisoft was a little more inventive though, it seemed they took the call of duty approach overloading the game with a bunch of weapons that are closer to being the same than different. which I think is just unecessesary. But the only negatives thus far, is that ubisoft was nearly as creative as I wish they were with the weapons, not differentiating them enough from one another. But the level of customization is still robust, so when you play online youre different enough from other players. I personally dont have any friends who own this game. But the one match I played was interesting, coming from someone who normally never even touches the multiplayer of other assassins creeds I was impressed with the new coop, essentially missions around the city will indicate how many players can play, and you can either play them by yourself or with a friend or 3 friends online. I still have yet to try the multiplayer out more but it looked interesting as far as I could see. One last bit, the story telling and charecters are top notch, personally as someone who only played assassins creed, AC2, and Revalations, and AC revaltions in my opinion had the strongest of the storylines, Assassins creed unity surpasses it, easily. The voice acting is great and the charecters are Memorable. I see Arnos storyline going 3 games deep for sure, all the charecters have a unique background fleshing out the story. Also the complexity of the story has never been such as the one in ACU. I think its truly quite stellar of a game with only a few minor flaws.