Alright, for those of you who will actually read this, let me start off by saying that these opinions are my own and my perspective is coming from playing the PC version Finished both the Singleplayer and played about 13 hours of CoOp already. So, that being said, lets get started. I will be writing my review in a sort of a listing format, being mixed with both pros and consSingleplayer/StorylineThe storyline was good, but it seems like they rushed it a bit in some key areas.Arno becomes an Assassin out of nowhere, it feels.Arno had a very similar backstory to that of Ezio, even though Arno seems to be a bit higher class maybe? Seems that way but it wasnt explained too well.The outside forces the modern day Assassins who are helping you play no role whatsoever other than saying Hey, do this because we think its important. We have no connection with the person controlling Arno. Even though we had basically no connection with the one in Black Flag either, at least you got to roam around and understand why you were there.Arno has become one of my favorite main Assassins. even though its hard to pick whether I loved him or Edward Kenway more. Maybe if there were more developing missions for Arnos character I would have cared.Unity has been the most nostalgic game to me since Brotherhood, so I do give it credit for giving me the feels.I liked the addition of the Rift missions. Even though they had no real purpose other than attempting to give the outside forces more developing storyline. Being able to play in occupied France during the Second World War was amazing. But it just shows how a more modern Assassins Creed would NOT work.Absolutely NO importance is placed on the Sword of Eden, making it just another cool collectable to get for finishing the game. Unlike the pieces of Eden in the other games where everything is based around them.The only motive you have in this game is revenge. You can argue that the motivation comes from Arno trying to keep Elise, but when she is out of  the picture both when you dont have any contact with her during the game and when she dies  you dont feel anything for either her or Arno.I like how no naval missions are in this. I like them and they worked well in the previous games, but it wouldnt have for this.The ending was unoriginal, easy, and quick.Main story line was not very long. I thought for a huge, hyped up game like this it would take me around 10 hours to complete, not 3 or 4.Poor quality of side missions, leaving you with not a lot to do when youre done with the story.Lets be honest, you will have little to no idea who is on whos side. Little to no understanding of what is happening in the world outside of Arno.Open World and Random OthersI love the environment of Revolutionary France well, Paris and some other locations.Having random scenarios happen around you was a cool addition. I like seeing some random person get mugged, people standing around a recent murder, crowds showing off their revolutionary rights, or anything else you see.Gotta love the crowd chants you hear every now and again it really immerses you into the environment around you.I hate how there are only about 6 cafes you can fix up. In previous games, I enjoyed be able to renovate tons of places and especially the Villa. The renovations are cheap and the missions are quick and easy. The renovations are pointless because they serve no  real purpose to the story line.The Companion App is a cool addition but its more than annoying to have to basically play a whole other game just to get some rewards and open chests.No whistling system? REALLY?I have to buy the ability to throw my money on the ground? HAHA.I understood not being able to double assassinate people in previous games until you got two blades, but not being able to do it until you buy the ability is rather pointless.I like how the buildings are now explorable, rather  than just running through them in a sequence. Their design is very well done, too. Some of them are beautiful.The climbing system was very good, for the most part. The controlled descent is what made it the best system so farm.The Eagle Vision is also the best so far. You can easily move around in the world while viewing through it.The soundtrack is very good. Not the best, but not the worst.No weapon wheel, which was a very good part of the AC games.You cant pick up rifles, so if you want to use one, you will have to buy one and sacrifice the use of your sword.We have to wait for Club Competition just to unlock some Legendary gear?...Similar to the more recent ACs, there are no blacksmiths, banks, or anything like that. Just one shop that you can get everything at. I find that a bad thing.Murder mysteries are easy and quick.Nostradamus Enigmas missions are fun and a cool way to unlock armor, but they can be difficult. No horses Tons a different regions, which is awesome. You can be in swamps, farmland, villages, rural middle class areas, high class areas, industrial, ports, and shanty towns just to name a few.The combat system is terrible. I understand they geared it towards being more stealthy than the other titles, but its still awful. Especially the parry system.I like the mini map. Its larger and more visible than others in other games.There is no pickpocketing unless its assigned in a mission, which is stupid.I like the propaganda/graffiti thats in this game. You can tell the people are going through a revolution without having to shove it down your throat.The amount of NPCs in this game is amazing. It pays off mostly with crowds, showing just how chaotic the time period was.  But it becomes annoying in the streets when all you want to do is run a straight line and end up getting caught up on every single one of them.CoOpSinglehandedly the best part about this game. Really fun to get a bunch of your friends together and do missions.The upgrade system is well done, forcing you to play a lot to unlock good gear.The customization is also well done. You can choose what type of play style you most prefer by upgrading and customizing your character in a certain way.Some of the missions are too easy, like the heist Ancient History, for example. Its a 5  star difficulty yet you can solo it easily with weak gear.The heists are easily exploited for easy money. One of your friends can stay behind as one solos it. Do it again but changing the order of who does what, and you can earn the most amount of money in 2 goes.Huge amount of issues with connection.Huge amount of issues with disappearing players, enemies, and mission markers.The missions will glitch every now and then, unallowing you to advance. For example, in Womens March, the two women will just not move. You will have to quite, and then requeue just for the mission to work.There is NO way of communicating to other players in the lobby if you arent in Skype, or whatever, with the.A lot of attention was paid to the environment, you can tell. The buildings were accurate replicas and looks marvelous.Mechanical IssuesThis is what REALLY brought the game down and has been the worst PC release out of any Assassins Creeds.I have a computer the well meets the minimum requirements, yet it forces me to play on Low I can run Revelations, which was the most demanding AC to me, on high.If you change your settings you need to restart your game or else it will skip  every 5 seconds.You will randomly fall throw the map and desync.If the enemy youre killing is killed by someone else, your character stands there for a couple seconds before being able to move again.Sound cuts out at times.A very beautiful game, if you are able to play it on higher graphics.The loading screens are unbearably long.Had a conclusion but ran out of space in Steam. Worth the buy if you have friends