As there are over a dozen reviews telling you just how bad the released version of the game is falling through, bad framerate, et.c., I wont be writing about that. They arent exactly gamebreakers for me, and it runs fine on my GT740 graphics card.That being said, this game is a letdown for me.Let me explain. Some of you reading this will be history fans of the French Revolution... maybe rescue Sade from the Bastille, or discuss politics with Mirabeau, tail Robespierre and see what hes up to. Well, so much for that. Most of the time I have been running around sabotaging Templars, who really just seem to be causing problems in Paris instead of working for or against the Revolution. Theyre just causing riots, pretty much, and my Arnos running all over town quelling them.Not my idea of historical rendezvous.Do the major boys show up? Of course they do. For like two minutes. You see Sade dressed as if hes ready for the 18th century version of the Bacchanalia  so much for his namesake fetishism  and Mirabeau... well, I have no idea what he was thinking, but that aint no Mirabeau I studied. Napoleon is... just a dude. Danton shows up but only as if hes an afterthought, same goes for Robespierre.Seriously. Apart from the names thrown in, this could have been the FrancoPrussian War, and I wouldnt have noticed.The historical inaccuracies are rather dumbfounding at times. If you actually take a look at Louis XVIs reign, he wasnt a bad guy. A kind of a slowacting guy, and certainly being bossed around by his idiotic wife, but he wasnt some evil, arrogant g!t this game paints him as. And so far Im close to his execution date, I havent seen him once. Nada. Nor his family. No Duc dOrleans rousing the revolutionaries, no Marie Antoinette with Rose Bertin dresses although you do get to see the designer... for two minutes, no St Just as the Angel of Death, no Sanson, no Dr Guillotine... and I swear I saw a guillotine prior to April 1792. I heard La Marseillaise in 1791, There are modernlooking porcelain on the tables. I received the Athos shirt, of which the description states he fell in a duel... while, if you read The Man in the Iron Mask, he actually died from grief after his son Raoul died. There are men in Victorian tophats wondering about Marais. And the street signs definitely bear modern fonts.Alright, you might say, youre nitpicking. And perhaps I am, but my list of woes do not stop there. I loved the ACII series, and in that game and for that matter, AC1 and maybe even perhaps AC3 and Black Flag, there was a definite purpose, a goal to be attained that the Assassin was working toward. Altair, to redeem himself young Ezio driven by vengeance, then later seeking the truth, you know the drill.Arno? I really have no idea what his goal is, and Ive been with this guy since 1776! Revenge for his father? Doesnt look like it... hes ladedahing with a Templar. Revenge for his adoptive father? Then why exactly is he in the enemy order anyway? To further Assassin goals? But then why is he with a Templar? Actually, what is going on here? Why are the upper echelons of the Templars and Assassins apparently in some kind of a union? Arent they sworn enemies against each other?He loves Elise. Okay, fine. Elise loves him back. Thats wonderful. But then why is she still a Templar? And for that matter, why is he an Assassin? Theres pretty much nothing stopping Elise at least from leaving the order, and shes not doing much to help the Assassins to go about the shes the insider route. She isnt doing much to gain the Assassins trust either counting steps to the hideout then snidely telling people that she knows how to get there while blindfolded? Way to go, and Arno just keeps making his own decisions and doing whatever. The moment of drama unfolds but I still cant figure out what the guy Arno owes his life to did in that moment to be assassinated. And more importantly, why is Elise so important for an Assassin? Isnt the Brotherhood like, the most foremost thing in the members lives? Or has it degenerated into a sort of a sidejob while people get married and have kids?I think we all loved Altair, Ezio, even Connor because they were always Assassins first. If they found women to support that, thats excellent Maria Thorpe, and if they retired to have family Miss Sartor, thats a choice that I wont deny. But this, this Im doing everything for a girl and screw the Order if they conflict? Im not buying it.The glitche episodes are quite frankly annoying and unnecessary. Shooting against the Germans might be one way to knock out peoples wishes for WWII Assassins Creed, but it really makes no sense and I found it unnecessary to the game. The game engine itself is extremely reminiscent of Thief, down to the unlocking system and sneaking and crouching. Hey, the protagonist from Thief parkours too!The combat is upped a notch, but its fairly easy to take on 7 enemies at once... something they still havent balanced well. No more counterkill button mash, but there is a counterdamage button mash, and the dodge function still pretty much is the same. You also start to rack up livres at least I think theyre livres... the signs a 1988 proposition for francs at a fairly alarming rate, considering the French economy at that time. And just with the previous, the currency is inaccurate to boot. No ecus for you, and assignats now go for 17 livres.My final verdict is this want to run around a historically inaccurate reproduction of 18th century Paris? Go buy this game. Want to see the life of a young Assassin, who dedicates himself to the Order as his predecessors had done? Go play AC1 or 2. Want to play a nonbuggy game? Play something else. Not particularly interested in the French Revolution but want to get the taste of the game mechanics? Go play Thief.Last note the girl was depressingly ugly. Im willing to take a bullet for Danielle Darrieux, but the maximum Ill suffer for Elise is probably a papercut. A really small papercut. They could have made any face they wanted, why couldnt make the heroine a tad more attractive? Another historical incosistency females were punishable by death for wearing culotte or any form of trousers back then... hmm.