I think so far this game is pretty cool. I havent played much of it yet but I have given the graphics a good test to see how this game runs and to be honest from my experience it is not too bad. I am on a playbe 2535 FPS swing while in action sequences and free running. This is on the Ultra High settings, soft shadows, TSAA, V sync and bloom etc all on.I am running Win7 64 bit SP1 with AMD FX8350 OC  4.34Ghz and a GTX770 4GB card OC 1175 GPU clock, 8GB DDR3 Ram 1800Mhz.It is very playable for me and looks awesome. The cutscnes are getting down to a pitiful 15FPS but because they look so good I can forgive it for now.This game clearly needs some optimisation as well as Nvidia in my case optimizing their drivers. Once they can improve the performance of the game engine then  I think I may get a stable 3040 FPS which would be awesome.If you have a decent PC spec, dont be put off from what people are saying, yes it has some performance issues but the content is their. If you are unlucky to have some kind of probalem with this game then hopefully the patches will resolve this for you. There should be no reason why a GTX 470 type system could run this on the lower setttings and be playable. Providing your CPU and RAM are pretty good.ADDED MORE NOTES..Just to add that since the latest pacth Patch 3 I have noted some improvments. Frame rates are coping better on TSAA but since playing around witht he settings some more I have found FXAA to work so much better now than it did before. I got the 2535FPS swing pre patch on TSAA with all on ultra high, since patch 3 I was still getting the same swing but the frames are more stable so a bit smoother to play. Also the cutscenes where not lagging stuttering as much.With FXAA though I am getting 3045 FPS with slight swing and very smooth gameplay. Cutscenes are smooth at 20FPS minumum other than the previous 1215 FPS I was getting before.The patch hasnt fixed everything but it has solved some issues.I still say this is a good game, and if your system is having problems and your machine is high spec, then I think you got something going on because my machine is not as high powered as what some people are claiming doesnt work and I am working just fine...so... I dont know what thats all about really.Personally I think people get crap motherboards because they think so long as they have a monster CPU, RAM and GPU the PC will be awesome, however if your bus speeds of your motherboard are bottlenecking the performance then it will run like crap.I spent money on a decent motherboard so perhaps that is what makes my system different from these i7 GTX980 systems people claim are not working? ?As for the game itself, the story of the game itself with Arno is OK. Typical assassins creed plot, seeking revenge trying to find out what the templars are up to etc but still fun to play through. Lots of side missions and other content to keep you busy also. There is some more detective and riddle type missions on this game which I like for a bit of a change. Some of them are a bit of a wild goose chase but if you pay attention and think about the clues, then its pretty rewarding once you figure something out. I quite like this part of the game even though it does not relate to the main story.The control and game mechanics are a littel different but not so much as to think whoa this is so different to any others.... its mainly things like being able to jump launch from wall to wall, i.e. looking back and jumping across a gap to a parallel wall is not something you can do in this game. I think its a bit rubbish but not a terrible loss.The downward free running is pretty good once you get the hang of it between this and dropping off as we used to. You can still drop off platforms but if you are like me, I tend to press the run button by habit and this makes Arno jump down somewhere instead of just hanging of an edge for example... just need to get used to it.The eagle vision works a bit different as it times out faster than before. This is a skill which can be effected by the gear you choose.The gear and weapons is crazy customizable... perhaps too much so, and I am not entirely convinced the stats really make that much difference unless you put on gear that changes them quite extremely. It is still nice to personalise Arno to your playing style though. Some gear costs a lot of credits, and you can upgrade items to get extra stat boosts. There are things called hack points which means you can upgrade by hacking instead of paying which is kinda pointless in some ways but you are grateful when your low on coin and you have a load of hack points saved up so you can still boost your assassin.Graphics and the overall feel of the environments etc is amazingly good. The map is huge but each section gives off different vibes and atmospheres while walking though the streets. The rooftops pretty much are the same anywhere unless you come across a land mark but the perpective view is incredible.I still say people should play this game. Ubisoft may have made a booboo from undertesting this product on different systems but PC gaming will fade away with these titles if people cant get their systems to work properly or just slag off every game which has a glitch. there are so many variables in PC machines that I can totally see why game companies would rather write for consoles with consistent hardware and OS. PC gaming for me is mostly about tweaking things to get games looking their best and playing right. I rarely finish playing games these days as I enjoy the look and feel, I tweak my system settings to get it running sweet, then I am satisfied.If you dont want to tweak and tinker or possibly upgrade your PC once you hit a limit you know is hardware related then dont game on a PC. If you just want to play games a console is a better choice and the consoles are looking prettyhot these days. I got a PS myself purely to play games I cant get on PC which happens but then i do tend to play the game more and not worry about the tweaking side of things, but as I said for me, the tweaking is part of the fun. ...Anyway I say buy this game, tweak your PC and enjoy it. 