As a fan of AC franchise, this one is the wrost AC ever as bad as AC Revealations, in my view.Sorry for my bad English thoughEDITAfter a HUGE patch, I still stuck in between walls!!!!!DAYUM! UBISOFTPerformanceIm using  GTX760, its a little bit higher than the minimum req. this game is really eats up my PC resource compare to the other bettergraphics games like Metal Gear Solid Ground Zeroes I know the map is way smaller, but the graphics is way better which requires lower specs. frequent lags, bugs, freezes, even though there are patches came out, still. WTF! an almost 10GB patch. Why release the game while you still have to pull of many many patch to fix it.Story Its so annoying that you have to follow the edupromance skit from ArnoElise.My first impression on the first trailer is to get a chance to be part of the French Revolution, not a side story with it in the background. AC used to involve a bigger  more complex history issue in the protagonists story, which we will be the one who judge whos right. The likes of templars  Assassins struggle to achieve their utopia. for this case ACU  AC Revealations is the same by concentrating the story on romantic Most of AC players love to play it because theyre part of a histroy, I mean big part, not a RomCom like story with historic background Arno is nothing compare to the guy like Altair  Haytham, even young Ezio. An one sided character with no progression, easytoread.Gameplay The new parkour system really impressive you can easily traverse updownup with a couple of buttons. After patched though The outfit system make ACU a little hard to recognize when compare to other AC. I mean while others outfit are uniquefor their era, in ACU we can manage to customize our outfit freely which sometimes end up with no uniqueness. The soundtrack is REALLY AWESOME I gotta give them that. The ingame buying systems sucks peroid.Sum upBuy it if You love to running up  down around the beautiful city of Paris. A hardcore AC fans that want to complete AC collection.Hold on if Youre a AC player who love to be the part historical event. You love a complex storyline with character progression.