Having finished the main story, tried several coop missions, and attempted to play the DLC, I can safely say that skipping this one is a good idea. I didnt play this game when it came out, and most of the issues present in the day one version of this game have been fixedsort of. Oddly enough, I was able to play Syndicate before Unity, so a lot of what was introduced in Unity was polished up for Syndicate. Anyway, here are the good bits, lukewarm bits, and diseased bitsPROSMany of the historical characters dont feel forced into the story. Sure, many of them are useless and do feel like token character additions at times, but they still have roles in the game. In Syndicate, every single one except for the officer is forced into the story.Marquis De Sade is in the game and asks the main character an incredibly explicit sexual question.MIXED//One of the side activities includes murder investigations. I really, really like this! Unfortunately, many of them are insulting easy to figure out. Its almost like they were thrown into the game and were too hard, so the devs purposely made them easy.CONSQuit it with the damnable bilingual dialog! Either have all the characters speak French with subtitles or all English. It was bloody annoying with Ezio and its still annoying now. Or at least have an option like Other language subtitles that Sleeping Dogs did.The coop is fun when it functions well. Its fun to sneak into a place and stealthy attack people, or just swarm them. But...... Theres no ping meter, text chat, and, the worst sin, no coop stuff. What do I mean? Stuff like.. Assassin the two targets at once, pull the two switches at once, one person hold down the switch while the other defends... Actual COOP actions, not just singleplayer with two. Also, youd think I should be able to queue up multiple missions to play with random people! Nope, you either queue for just one and wait forever, or queue for ALL and get the same one with Paton a billion times. Its just... I really.. I really want to love this coop. I wish theyd make a coop version of Black Flag/Rogue where youre a part of an Assassin crew.A lot of the combat isnt synced correctly. In fact, Ive never had trouble with melee combat until Unity in an AC game. In multiplayer, this is even worse.The assassin missions arent done well. They are done much better in Syndicate.Instead of having those little ! above enemy NPCs heads, would you rather have a ring around the assassin which is terribly implemented? Congrats, you get the t ring.There are too many citizens running around Paris. They also bug out and get caught in stuff or float around.Oh yeah, and just like every other Assassins Creed, the real world future stuff is poorly stitched into the narrative and completely stupid. This real world crap is getting worse and worse with every AC game.DLC REVIEW Due to the negative feedback after releasing the game in a mess, Ubisoft decided to give everyone the Dead Kings dlc for free! How does it stand?PROSLess NPCSMIXEDMehCONSIts the same garbage over and they add a KID to the story! Yes, thought the story was terrible, well heres a kid who acts like an adult and Arno, the master assassin, takes seriously. Whomever wrote the DLC needs to go back to college.Conclusion Like AC3, skip Unity.