Pros Excellent Movement controls, one of the best of AC.Paris is beautiful and well done, very PC intense though so keep that in mind. I was blown away how beautiul this game is.Historial figures plus interesting characters such as Arno and Elise. But I think they missed an oppurtunity by not having Elise playable as well.Excellent customization with Weapons, Armor, etc. You truly feel like your own character because you can pick up combinations of clothing for Arno and it has variable stats depending.Cons Horrible Combat, this is ideally one of the worst ACs in terms of combat. Its incredibly clunky and unfair to say the least. Especially if you get caught which you will.Nonexistent stealth mechanics, no whistle? no moving dead bodies? Really Ubisoft? Its borderline impossible to finish missions with perfect stealth. Want to go the back entrance? Theres 2 guards looking in both locations. Want to go through a window? Theres a guard there. Want to go from roof top? A bunch of snipers ready to aim at you. And stealth stat does not do anything in this at all, just invest in health and melee youre gonna get seen no matter what.Lack luster story, despite The French Revolution being a very good oppurtunity for story, they missed on this because it wasnt interesting enough until maybe the 2nd half. The 1st half Bellic and your Brotherhood are justto Arno and its not very interesting until you meet up with Elise again.Takes forever to get a good amount of skills in the skill tree so youre pretty much forced to do CoOp missions and usually by yourself and those they are really hard Stealth them solo since you probably will not find people doing CoOp most of the time and youre better off playing them with friends.If I had to give a thumb Id give it a sideways thumb?Unity to me is one of the weakest ACs, while it does have great things it also had terrible things in the game and if I were you on the fence of Unity or Syndicate, I would grab Syndicate its a much better gaming experience than Unity. 