At launch, this game was a mess. There is no argument in that at all. But now? The game is extremely fun, and a blast to play.The graphics are amazingly well done, all the way down to the small things in the streets to the fabric and clothes. Rarely I run into an instance of odd cloth physics or a out of place animation on character interactions. but other than that..from textures to the godrays..make the city beautiful.The gameplay is amazing and not a button mashfest like some in the series, meaning your attacks actually have weight and an umph when doing actions, this of course makes you take your time and sort of plan what to do depending on your enemy and the class that they are. Not saying its a bad thing to button mash, but I feel its more engaging this way and makes combat more enjoyable to me than mash button until the enemy dies.The sounds and effects of the city are actually really well done when you stop and pay attention to every little thing going on around you. The sound of footsteps changing depending on the terrain, the chattering of the locals, the fabric creating noises depending on if your wearing leather, cloth, or chainmail...its very impressive when you think about everything that is happening.All in all the above makes this an awesome addition to the franchise. Even with its flaws such as..well, Coop is all but dead due to its really poor release state which turned a lot of people away from the title. The ones that I can connect to are in other parts of the world so connections are shotty sometimes. Even on PS4 I have issues finding people to play with in my own country due mainly that same reason.As it is now I recommend this title, as it offers an excellent story, with some cliche moments but still interesting to learn about in my opinion very well done controls on both KB  Mouse as well as using a gamepad the game mechanics work pretty well with only minor odd ball parkour climbing animations but nothing game breaking the multiplayer is fun when you can find someone to play with The weapon veriety is a welcome change and really fun to play around with, to me anyway. It makes Arno feel like your ideal assassin, from the animations, playstyles, and also the skills you choose to follow that all comes down to a different feel and experience that again makes multiplayer really shine.I dont often write reviews but this game has come along way from where it once was, and yes probably too late to save it, but I will still recommend this game if anyone is looking into getting it.