PERFORMANCE REVIEW  NOT GAMEPLAYNote I will edit this later to include a full review for the gameplay as well.Im not sure about ALL of the problems everyone else reviewing this game claims to be having, but in my experience the games been running great. Im even recording game footage with Shadowplay at a smooth 60 fps. And I dont even have a superhigh end pc. Now, Im not too knowledgable on how my system compares to the current topoftheline CPUs and GPUs, but here are my specsIntel i5 4590K Quadcore ProcessorNVIDIA GeForce GTX 7708 GB RAMOh, and of course Im running at a 1920x1080 resolutionRecording footage at that resolution as wellIve noticed the ShadowPlay has only reduced the performance by a 5 fps impact at most, and Im getting a solid 4560 fps. Very playable. At certain cutscenes or intensive moments in the game, there are indeed a few frame drops every now and then, but it only drops into the 3040 fps range for me, so that its just noticable. But these drops arent too frequent and certainly wont cause an undeserved death or accidental mistake in your gameplay experience. Maybe Ive just got lucky with exactly the right uppermiddle range system that theyve optimized for, I dont know, but it runs wonderfully. Just dont play on Ultra High settings, the ranges being Low, Medium, High, Very High, Ultra High. Im running on High settings, although I did reduce the AntiAliasing, which resulted in those frame drops immediately occuring almost never    i.e. they are no longer an issue.Ive only just started playing through the story, so I dont have too much experience with the gameplay yet, but I already love it D Basically, if youre a big AC fan like myself, Id recommend you give the game a shot. Performance and bugwise, its their first nextgen game, so theres going to be some patching, but I have faith in them, and believe theyve successfully made a good foundation to improve upon one that they will most certainly be using in this next generation of AC games to come.So, in my opinion, if your specs are near or better than mine, you need not worry about performance issues. Even if you do have to play it at Medium settings, its still a very impressive Medium quality, and is a wonderful game that is certainly worth your time. So if youve got the right system, buy it!P.S. By the way, THE MUSIC IS AMAZING!No surprise there. 