Somewhat long, so prepare to sit through and read my semirant.I love the Assassins Creed series. It took me from 2008 to 2010 to actually beat the first game just because I played it on and off from time to time, but when I finished it and saw the ending, I was immediately pulled in and bought the rest of the games so far retail AC1, PS3 Black Flag, waiting for Rogue on PC. And when I saw a trailer for this game I instantly wanted it, without a shadow of a doubt.After about two months of nonstop bashing from me and others, just by me witnessing all the reports because of the games flaws and errors, I decided to finally buy the game and try it myself, seeing as Im some foolish customer who doesnt want to believe my game has been broken beyond all repair. EVGA GTX 660 Superclocked 2GB 16GB DDR3 RAM 1600Mhz Intel Core i7 4770K 3.9GHz ASUS Z87Pro MotherboardTheres not a single reason out there that these specs,, should not run any new game at least on mediumhigh settings. But Unity disagrees. Greatly. Frame dips in random areas for no apparent reason yet ironically crowds dont drop a single frame for me. Microstutter when VSync is on anything but Adaptive setting. One to ten second stutter when resolution is changed/edited or after changing the Ambient Occlusion setting. Coop play causes microstutter regardless of whether I fixed it beforehand. Controls on both gamepad and keyboard and mouse not responding properly or at all sometimes Logitech F710 and MIcrosoft Sidewinder X4 w/ Gigabyte Krypton gaming mouse. Visuals are nothing stellar to begin with and changing Texture/Environment Quality settings do nothing for the game as with Bloom visually, yet hinder the already bad framerate even more.And the list can go on, Im sure. I just havent encountered anything else worth noting yet.As excited as I was for this game before its release, and after buying the game for roughly 40 and experiencing it firsthand, this is an utter disappointment and Ubisoft needs to fix the broken mess they call a game or else their reputation will become even more tainted than it already is at this point. Im absolutely disappointed in Ubisoft Montral for this garbage that allowed for true Assassins Creed cooperation with our friends that somehow bypassed playtesting to be rushed and released to the public. As many times as weve all heard the phrase, The customer is always right, it certainly seems to be true in this case. Do not take my specs, look at them, and assume that its obvious I cant play the game because my video card doesnt meet the supposed minimum spec. Instead look at those who far surpass the minimum and required specs by far and wonder how they can have the same problems, and potentially more.EDIT Apparently enemies can aggro onto me through various walls at various locations, even when they arent even looking at my general direction. Had I know that stopping my mission for a small moment to pick the lock to a chest would have caused approximately fifteen yeah, 15, FIFTEEN enemies to become hostile and clip through walls in a bloody attempt to kill me over the 250 money I looted, Id have not done it. Ubisoft forgot to mention that the game features wallhacks for enemies.EDIT 2 After awhile, its still broken at the API level. Ubisoft, whats going on? Are you still not going to fix this mess? I mean, it performs just as badly on Xbox One and PS4, so maybe thats a hint that something is wrong with the software. Oh, but dont worry. They dontto fix it, but it would certainly be nice.EDIT 3 March 25, 2016 Moved from GTX 660 to R9 390. Game is still broken, unplayable. Tried both stock and overclock with little difference.