This is my first Steam review, mainly to warn other games of the potential catastrophe that is Assassin Creed Unity.Graphics 9/10This game is visually stunning, if you have a rig that can run it. The textures for the roads, rooftops, walls, interiors, paintings, and even some NPCs are some of the best in any genre. The clothes actually have a softness look to them that make them seem like they are clothes. Although a minor complaint there is that your clothes never get wet, but thank you for allowing the grotesque blood stains when we get injured. There is a weather system, but like the clothes the attention to wet surfaces also seem to be ignored. I am running a EVGA 970 GTX at ultra settings, an upgrade I made specifically for this game due to low performance on my previous Sapphire 7850HD. The lag is not very noticeable at all with my new setup and I probably average 3040 fps at 1080p. When the game is working, it is a visual experience very few other games can even come close to deliver. But the overall lack of some of the realism elements, such as wet textures, are a deal breaker for me so I cannot give this a 10/10 since many other games have implemented this sense of immersion, including Ubisoft itself with Watch Dogs for example.Game Play 3/10I can say with some degree of confidence that the game play is one of the most annoying aspects of the game. Ubisoft finally added a long overdue game play element to allow for better vertical traversal of the environment, but it is equally annoying as it is helpful due to awkward camera placement during the animation. In fact, the camera in general is something that I am constantly fighting while indoors or in small corridors as well. As for the fighting aspect, it was a little hard to pick up initially, but ultimately this is the one piece of the game play that holds up well despite the departure of previous games fighting mechanics. This is the part of this section that makes up the entire score I have assigned. As for the rest of the game play goes something like this constant crashing, NPCs acting glitchy, falling through the ground, getting stuck between a table and a chandelier, losing game saves due to cloud or saving strategy issues, general lack of online components and sometimes even online support itself, the number of features that say Coming Soon, and poor performance for those without a 1,000 PC to play the game... seriously I feel for you if you have anything less than a higher end 700 series GPU and a quad core processor. I can only imagine how horrible this game would run on the consoles, and I have been reading some of the complaints. Overall I would also bring down the score even more due to missing game play elements from previous games that should have been included. Transportation, transportation, transportation. Where are the horses? Where is my flying machine? Where are the zip lines? Underground rail systems? Something... at least Arno will be in great shape having to run everywhere, I guess. Which actually brings me to another complaint, is it just me or does Arno jog in places where he should sprint? And is it also random when he decides to run or sprint? I know getting up to speed can be an issue on the ground dodging all of the crowds I guess, but when I have not run into anyone seriously, sprint please... I will be running close to a crowd and he drops to a jog, and when you are running everywhere it gets quite annoying. Long story short, Ubisoft update this issue and sprint when in doubt if you have not run into anything.Sound 5/10The music score pretty well sets the scene in most cases. It does feel natural and dynamic, when it is available, but I did notice that there was an overall lack of music unless something is going on. This is not necessarily a bad thing, to be honest it makes the moments where you are actually doing something feel much more engrossing. The ambient sounds is where we start to take a hit though. I feel like a lot of sounds are just plain missing, like sometimes they are there, and other times they are not. Kind like shooting a gun and expecting to hear the gunshot, but for many different things in the environment like dropping a bottle, getting pushed into a wall, NPCs falling, etc. . Its like the crowds of people are suppose to keep us from noticing the overall lack of ambiance that is not coming from a NPC. The NPC do seem to talk for 30 sec loops in some cases. I camped out near a set of NPCs just to see how much animation was given to them and the dialogue that was associated with those animation. Overall, it seems as if everyone is repeating the same routines. Some people probably just walk in circles all day, never stopping in for a drink at the tavern, or going home to sleep. I often see people pouring out of walls and closed doors without any sound, due to day/night cycle changes I am guessing??? In my opinion it is this lack of immersion elements and ignorance to these types of bugs that hurts ACU the most.Online 3/10I was able to get online with a friend to play some of the online play. Of course by the time we were set up and going my PC crashed. That pretty much concluded our online session. Unfortunately this section takes a hit due to constant Uplay issues. After spending nearly 20 hours on the game my save game disappears and I seemingly have to start over. Even when I do, and I restart the game my progress is lost. Even if I set up a local save and ignore the cloud service, my game will continue to lose my progress. Between this issue and the constant crashes, this game is unplayable. No one with a life could hope to sit down and finish this game without being able to save your game. I put this here since it seems to have to do with the cloud save feature, but when you can get an online session started and your game does not crash it can be quite fun. If I could access my previous game save I might be able to play online again. I do feel like the online play could be promising, if the game worked.Story 1/10Well, here is my two cents on the story. Overall, who am I again? Of course I am one of the disgruntle gamers who cannot even finish the story due to an unplayable game. Maybe sometime after the second memory sequence you actually get to see a reason to get invested an any of the characters, so far I am not very invested at all. By the time you start getting attached to someone they are out of your life by either fast forward years on end, or separating due to Arnos choices. Some character development would be nice, but I am too early to even know. Guess this takes a hit since I cannot even play the game anymore without losing all progress.Overall score 4/10This is probably the most unfinished game I have played to date, maybe from any developer, and in fact it is now currently unplayable for me due to losing progress on restart of the application. The online game play is promising, if Uplay servers could actually handle its gamers. Overall ACU feels incomplete, with only game play and graphics holding it up, and only when the game actually works, or you have a rig that can run it. Otherwise it is impossible to overlook all of the issues with the games. Ubisoft should definitely step back and take a long look at themselves.My advice to you, wait 6 months or a year until they can iron out all of the bugs, then maybe it will be the ACU that we were all looking so forward to. I am betting many folks at Ubisoft are wishing for a doover right about now. A suggestion you may want to consider is maybe that you should stop selling this broken and incomplete game.My overall feeling towards my purchase is that I feel I have been taken for granted as a returning customer. The scrutiny in which I use to judge Ubisoft games from here on out will be far worse due to this installment of AC. 