If I could give this game a soso rating instead of a yes or no rating, I would. At this point, Ill have to throw in the towel for this one sad, because its only been about 8 hours. I did very much enjoy what this game had to offer. The character customization, from different clothing sets with different stats to various weapons that offer fluid fighting experiences was all extremely enjoyable. The city, as well, was a joy to jump around and the story was a easy to follow, although not the best in the entire series. They also managed at least in my experience to fix a lot of the horrendous launch bugs, making the game a lot smoother to play.Seems pretty great, right? Yeah actually. Except for one thing.This takes place in Revolutionary France. Yes, France, the country in which people speak French because French is the primary language of France. So why does every character speak English?Ah yes, reviewer, this is where I have you! Obviously they speak English because you are probably an English speaker who would rather hear the words in English!Yes, I understand that, and that would be just fine with me...but why do they speak with English accents? Whats even worse is they sometimes say French words with ENGLISH accents. This confused me a ton as I thought that all these characters were just English characters visiting from England or something until the game revealed that yes, they are all in fact French natives.Ah yes, reviewer, you are wrong again! They have English accents because period history dramatizations have characters that have English accents and its just more natural to hear! And well, I mean at least they speak SOME French. AND heres the dealbreaker The developers themselves said that the Animus translates languages for you so that you will be better adjusted to the dialogue and to the story as a whole.Right...so why do the townspeople speak French and no English? I could understand if the excuse was well they are unimportant and so they are only that way to better immerse you into France. Right, so back to square one then why do the main characters have English accents? And even worse, why do the bad guys have French accents? Why dont they all speak French with French accents. Or at least, English with French accents.Well reviewer, again it is to better immerse you intoEzio spoke with an Italian accent.NOTE If you enjoyed this game, power to you. But I recommend changing the spoken language to French in the options. It made this game five times more enjoyable. 