I really wanted to like this game.And theres a lot to like about it. The setting is beautiful Paris is built up wonderfully the parkour mechanics are relatively smooth and the ability to do a controlled descent is warmly welcome. Combat is a matter of preference. I was fond of the killstreaks in AC2 and the fasterpace action in AC3 and Black Flag. The combat is more tactical, but at the same time feels more drawn out than it needs to be.The plot is a missed opportunity. While I appreciate the games missions being something of homage to the original ACs approach in terms of opening up opportunities and giving player the freedom to choose how to approach an objective, most of the game is a missed opportunity. Arno has the potential to be a charming character, but he is no Ezio and doesnt hold a candle to Edward. Even Connor had more personality. Very dry character and unimpressive plot  no twists, no surprises, and even the modernday setting was minimalistic. This is surprising given how well Black Flag integrated the modern setting into the experience.Theres a distinct lack of things to do. You have your sidemissions and collectibles, which number in the hundreds, but it feels like many steps back from Black Flag and even AC3, which had far more gameplay features. Arno doesnt seem to do anything. Compared to Ezio, who does everything from ride shotgun in a carriage to dive bombing in a flying machine, Arnos grandest moment is...running after a hotair balloon. The excitement isnt there. I spent 90 of my time collecting chests. Thats a really poor replay mechanic, especially as the money really doesnt matter after you unlock your main source of income.In the interface is surprisingly bad. Tooltips and popups overlap each other, making the murder mysteries very frustrating to play through. The glitches...well, theyre notorious by now, and while the game has been patched since, the parkour mechanics are way too sticking for tight moves. When you try The Tournament mission, youll tear out your hair as you watch Arno stick to walls and refuse to come off despite your inputs. Its way too unresponsive.Coop feels forced onto the player rather than being a benefit. The coop missions can be done solo, but some are devilishly hard. Its poor game design to require a mission to be played coop rather than adjusting the mission for solo play. AC has always been a singleplayer experience and Unity should have respected that. Coop is bugged with crashes and desyncs, and it feels like a laggy version of a singleplayer mission. The game was really marketed on its fourplayer coop potential, but its not wellintegrated and is more of a hassle than something to look forward to.Im most disappointed in the amount of featurecreep in Unity. Microtransactions for temporary boosts that...arent needed at all. Requiring the mobile app to open chests is a blatant insult to players. The app itself is pointless. Its typical Facebookstyle Start mission, wait 6 hours passivity, and with at least one data crash, its unreliable. Other chests require use of Ubisofts Initiates site, which is meant to compile the players AC achievements, but thats also bugged and incomplete a month after release.In the end, its another AC game, and if you like AC, youll like Unity. But its a messy release and devoid of the charm that the series has built up. It saddens me to say that the best thing I got out of buying AC Unity was the chance to claim a free game due to its buggy release.