Ive been a big fan of Assassins Creed since the first game. I loved 1, 2, brotherhood and revelations. 3 had some issues and was kind of disappointing I wasnt a fan of how they handled the present day stuff. I held out on getting 4 because I felt burnt on 3. After reading a bunch of good reviews I caved and picked up 4. Two complete playthroughs of 4 later, its one of my favorite games ever. Then came Unity. I waited until it was fairly cheap 30ish because of all the bad reviews and bugs that it launched with. I loved 4 so much I just wanted this to bring back some of that feeling.That feeling wasnt there though. This is probably my least favorite game in the series. Heres a few reason Arno isnt a very interesting character. Even from early on his motivations for joining the Assassins dont make sense and they arent really ever made convincing. The modern day stuff is basically nonexistent. Its little more than a plot device to shoehorn in some nonperiod stuff for the locale. The story with Shawn, Rebecca, Juno, etc isnt touched upon or advanced at all. The combat is a huge step back. Granted, the counterkill stuff from previous games made killing all who oppose you a little too easy, the changes they made just dont work. Instead of counterkill you counter and then are able to get a few hit in. Early on it can take a dozen hits to kill an enemy and only a few to kill you, which is ridiculous. Theres no counterkill, no countershoot and no getting the enemy to kill one of their own by taking a human shield like you could do in 4. The controls are bad. Theyve always had issues but they seem particularly bad in this one. I got the double air assasination, something Ive been doing with ease for several games now, and it only seems to work 15 of the time. I was almost convinced that they took out ledge hanging kills since the prompt for being able to do it was just never showing up. I was able to do it exactly one time in my whole playthrough so they didnt take it out, its just broken. I joked with a friend that they must have added voice controls to the game since it seemed like I had to shout climb the ing wall before Arno would do what I was trying to get him to do. Microtransactions. Sure, you could say if you dont like them, dont buy anything. Of course I didnt buy anything. The microtransactions are still a terrible addition to the game because they fundamentally change the way the game works. Unlike previous games you have different pieces of equipment with various minor changes to various status and such. The only reason these exist is because the option exists to purchase them with real money. None of the previous assassins had worry about 10 faster cooldown of their eagle vision, it just worked as long as they needed it. Randomlike that. Almost every mission is a copy pasted go here and kill the guy sort of thing. I didnt like the tailing missions in the past few games but at least that provided a change of pace every now and then. I did enjoy some of the coop missions, but I hate that most of the good equipment only available these coop missions. You also have to spend points to unlock skills, which you only get in main missions and coop missions. There arent enough of these in the single player to unlock all the skills. If you want to get everything you are required to play coop missions. You cant pet dogs or any other domestic animal. What. The. .Bottom line, I wouldnt recommend it, even if youre a big fan of the series. This might be my last AC game. Ill wait for reviews on Syndicate to see if maybe its worth buying, but Ive basically lost all hope that Ubisoft will go anywhere with this series anymore. They dont care about making a fun game, they just want to find new ways of monetizing the fanbase. 