Let me start with saying I am a fan of the first Assassins Creed game and this is the worst game of the series close to being the worst game Ive ever played. The terrible controls on PC, the countless glitches that force the player to restart the whole memory. The story is the usual borefest, and the fact that there is only two locations Versaille is too small to be taken seriously Paris and the underworld of Franciade, aka SaintDenis available as a free DLC for everyone who bought the original game makes it the least interesting game of the series. Just because there are thousands of collectable items on the map, it is far from interesting after the 500th locked chest or cockade it is kind of annoying. The missions are way too repetitive just like all the other Ubisoft adventures for example FarCry 234  retrieve this, escort that, kill this, steal that multiplied by 100, thank God the pathetic hunting missions are left out this time. The only thing that is actually a welcome change of pace is the mission sequence called the Murder Investigation. It is not too original, almost identical to what weve already seen in the Arkham series. Only this time the protagonist uses his Eagle Vision instead of the good old Detective Vision and the finding the culprit takes a little brainwork.The aforementioned controls... Freerunning is a pain in the Sometimes Arno just doesnt wanna jump straight ahead, instead hops sideways onto objects or off the roof interestingly when the same action is the intent, he refuses to do so. Entering a window can also be a challenge, especially when under pressure by enemies and every second counts as they are shooting at Arno. It is easy to get stuck, and sometimes a kneehigh object can be impossible for Arno to get over a rock or tomb stone of pointy roof of a house. He has to walk around again, when he is involved in a chase this small hickup can mean the difference between success and failure. Controls werent the strong point of any previous AC game, but this time it is beyond frustrating.The glitches... Visual glitches are not really present anymore I guess the numerous patches helped fixing the texture loading problems. But AI and physics glitches still represent a huge issue. Cut scenes or objective markers are not triggering, again resulting in a nice reload of the whole mission.The game looks beautiful, Ubisofts Anvil Next 2.0 is doing an excellent job, but at what cost? The frame rates are sub optimal on a highend system. And the interesting part is that it doesnt matter if the settings are lowered to lets say 1280x720, no AA, no AF, everything set to low, certain locations still will be choppy reminds me of Ubis other high profile product Watch Dogs, different game engine, same optimalization problems. Ive seen console videos on Youtube, and even though the framerate is set to 30 fps and visual effects seem to be inferior compared to the PC, choppiness is definitely an issue there too.And the biggest issue is yet another reinvented combat system. Ever since the first game each iteration introduced a tiny bit of change to the battle. The blocking for example was different on PC for Altair, for Ezio and for Connor/Edward/Patrick. But it seemed to have worked. At least for me. It was still challenging to take on a bunch of heavies/brutes with rifleman surrounding the clash. But it always provided with a sense of well earned security for my assassin. That he was a superior fighter and could take on anybody. Now, in Unity, it all was meant to be rebuilt. Was it? Well, everything that was good got dumped for a new clumsy, fencing type of combat. During a sword fight even with the perfect parry replacing the counter move, it is impossible to kill with that fluency like before. Even lowly guards could be tough to kill, not to mention a group of angry guards unless the player has a five star maybe diamond? equipmet rating. And the officers and brutes, who are capable of blocking every move Arno makes unless the weapon mastery skill is bought. No more combo kills, a smoke bomb doesnt change Arnos stance to be able to use the hidden blade on multiple enemies simultanously. All the funs gone from the fight. What is the logic behind this? Shouldnt a master assassin be capable of dealing with more than one enemy at the same time? Should a master assassin be a superior fighter than the army trained soldiers?A new cover system is also introduced. Well, new to Assassins Creed, anyways. Its the one that has been used by other Ubi products, like Watch Dogs or Splinter Cell, where a press of a button is needed to enter and exit cover or a low profile. Only, while moving cover to cover works relatively well in those other two, though in Unity, since there is no indicator as to where exactly Arno could move, the result is disastrous. And also, in WD and SC the day/night cycle or the lack of light influences the enemy AIs perception, here night or day becomes irrelevant if you choose to sneak around. Enemies can see you well at night too. So the night setting is purely for the esthetics or the mood, nothing more. And yet, the bigest disappointment is the fact that you are no longer able to pick up and hide bodies! What kind of a silly notion is that in a game which promotes stealth?Kills, perfect parries, evasion vanishing, cover kills etc. give XP which over time changes the players rank from Recruit to Legend. But this doesnt seem to affect the players abilities Arno doesnt run or climb faster etc.. To be able to fight or sneak more efficiently the player has to buy and upgrade clothing and weapons. So whats the point of all that XP? Skills cant be bought, since for the skills Ubi invented a currency three to be precise. You have money Livres of course to buy stuff no more selfhealing, the potion is back!, and then there are Creed Points to upgrade the stuff you buy, the Sync Points to upgrade the skills of course the skill tree is closed, even if one possesses the points necessary to buy a skill cannot do so until te end of Memory 9, when all the skills become available. And the Helix points are a sort of microtransaction currency to buy extras, like time saver packs. Helix points are actually sold by Ubisoft for real money, so if you bought the original game around its release for 50 or more of your currency, and you still want some of the extras, well, this game could set you back as much as a 150 euros off the bat.For the skill points Creed Points the player has to complete the main story missions and the coop missions. The coop missions are usually very hard, requiring 24 players, but not not impossible if you wish to play them alone . But the glitches sometimes render the coop session moot by the usual disappearing objective marker. Communication with your team members is impossible. Since it is a console port, no ingame chat is available. Thirdparty voice chat would be preferable, but for 10 minutes of play with random people it is not really an option, especially, since it is mostly static or broken with big delays. Via Uplay it is possible to chat, but during the action it is not too practical. A simple unreal Tournament like text function within the game could have been sufficient. Its been a couple years since the games release, so dont expect to find too many players online ready to join you.My score 65 only recommended for hardcore collectors who purchased all the previous ones 