To begin, heres my syestem specsi74710HQNVIDIA Gforce GTX 860M 4GB Memory16GB DDR3 RAMSo, clearly this game has gotten quite a bit of negative press from fans and professional reviewers. I for one, have played for over 30 hours at the time of this review, and I honestly havent experienced a single one of the reported issues. The city looks beautiful and the game mechanics have been generally improved from previous iterations of the series.This being said, the game is very hardware intensive. It takes a pretty powerful system to be able to rock this thing on ultra graphics. I personally believe, but cannot confirm that many of the issues that people are experiencing are for this exact reason. If you are unsure as to whether your machine can run the game without any issues, then it probably cant. I guess Ubi capped the FPS at 30, which caused a sort ofstorm amongst the community, but I havent really noticed or cared. I havent had any frame rate dips on my computer, and the visuals look great to me, so /shrug. Oh! Also, the game download is a staggering 55GB, so if you have limited hard drive space, keep that in mind.The story is engaging as ever. It does seem a bit rinse and repeat to an extent, but Ive enjoyed it thus far. They said that the player character would be less godly but the combat is very much the same from the previous games, and once the best gear is unlocked, it is quite difficult to die. Speaking of, I enjoyed the ability to customize your character. It adds a bit of personality to how you prefer to play the game.The ability to freerun down a building is a welcome addition. The NPCs feel much more alive, and they are frequently seen doing any number of activities as youre walking through the streets. The buildings are well designed, and you can travel through many of them, so there are naturally more ways to get from point A to point B. The map is very, very large, and as far as mechanics go, I would say that this is the best AC game to date.I havent played any coop missions with anyone yet, but I have solod a few in private and they seem to be pretty good.All in all, is it a must have in your collection? No. Is it the best AC game that Ive played? No, comprehensive consideration causes me to give that award to Black Flag. Is the game woth picking up if you are a major fan and you have a rig that can run it? In my honest opinion, absolutely! Its been quite a bit of fun and Im glad that I purchased it. 