Oh boy, where to start? A large part of me wants to give this game a 10 out of 10. However, I cannot objectively do that. Theres a TLDR version at the bottom.The GoodVisually, the game is utterly stunning. Some people have commented that Unity has gone backwards in terms of the size of the play space. I say theyre full of . No Assassins Creed game before has been as richly and densely packed with people, things to do, and intricate detail. You get a hint at this early on in the game, with visits to a couple cathedrals, including Notre Dame. However, my personal favorite is the Palais et Jardin du Luxembourg its in one of the multiplayer trailers. Then theres the people. Crowds and crowds of people that react both as inviduals and as a mob. When a fight breaks out, some will flee in fear, others stand and gawk, and some may even join in and help you out! Most open world games the random NPCs arent much more reactive than the static buildings, and there arent enough of them to seriously make you think youre in a real city. Not so with Unity. Between the crowds and the amazing detail in the buildings and neighboorhoods, I have never played a game that felt more real and alive, while doing more than walking down the street.As much as I enjoyed Black Flag, I found being able to get bulletproof armor and chaincounterkilling your way through hordes was more than a bit ridiculous. If you felt the same way, then Unity is for you, as its combat is much, much more challenging. It is also more varied, thanks to a much greater selection in weapons you are able to equip. One guy is usually pretty easy although there are exceptions, two guys a modest challenge, three or more and you had better be on your toes. God forbid one of them pulls a gun on you. Did I mention that that last gets more likely with more guys in the fight? If you play smart, you can still feel like a badass, but gone are the days of being Rambo. I really like being able to pick between swords, long weapons, and heavy weapons. Theyre each different in feel, and I can never make up my mind which I prefer although being able to trip people with the polearms is a big plus. Pro Tip Smoke Grenades are your best friend. They will turn an impossible fight winnable, or allow you to escape even worse fights.I have not completed the story, so I cannot comment much on that yet, although its fairly solid so far. However, some of the side missions are quite a big improvement over the generic forgettable ones so commonly seen in previous AC games. I keep referring to Black Flag, but I enjoyed that one a lot. Even there, though, all the assassin contracts boiled down nothing more than get mission, shoot target with berserk dart, win. In Unity, I have particularly enjoyed the murder mysteries. Which are beyond ironic considering your profession...I kind of like the parkour in this game, although I find it only ever so slightly better than previous games. You can still inadvertantly jump to your death, or climb poles when youre trying to chase bad guys. However, the smooth descents without jumping into hay carts is so long overdue I cant help wonder where its been all this time.The BadIf youre bothering to read this, you have probably already heard a great deal about Unitys technical problems. I am happy to say that I have not experienced most of them. I have not suffered any crashes, nor any framerate issues, nor fallen through the world. A large part of that may be that I have a pretty solid computer, and that I dont max the settings I have shadows and AA turned down a notch or two. So I cannot help but wonder how many of these problems people are having are a result of them reaching beyond their means. When Crysis first came out, could you expect 60 fps on max settings when you only just met the recommended system requirements? Of course not. All that said...there are definitely some issues to be seen. I have noticed some popin, but by far the most pervasive issue I have noticed is what I think of as texture seems. Theyre white lines and artifacts that appear in straight lines like someone didnt butt the textures up against each other like they were supposed to. Theyre annoyingly common and do a lot to distract from the otherwise impressive visuals.Stealth. Ugh. I feel less stealthy in this game than I did in Black Flag you know, the one where you could just charge in with minimal consequences. Im ok with them making combat more challenging in order to encourage you to be an appropriately stealth assassin. But then they went and made the stealth clumsy and the enemies hyperaware. The cover mechanic is halfat best. Its worse than Black Flag, as you cant even whistle to lure enemies in for a cover kill! Never mind that you cant dart from cover to cover, and whether you can hind behind something is hitormiss. The enemies can spot you from a hundred yards away, and are quite able to shoot through crowds to hit you. All the red guys attack you on sight, so its like the entire city is a restricted zone. In the actual restricted zones, theyre just faster on the trigger. I have figured out how to work around this, but it mostly involves spamming Eagle Sight.Gear. Theres quite a variety to pick and choose from, which is good. Except for the fact that most of the high level stuff has to be unlocked via multiplayer stupidity or other even worse thirdparty whatchamacallits. Gear unlocks via the missions are usually too late to do any good unless you use a guide to seek them out. Which puts this otherwise cool feature squarely in the bad column. If Im not allowed to enjoy a system without jumping through absurd hoops, you cant count it as a plus for your game, Ubisoft. Unlocking color selections sucks too, such as the cool dark gray one requiring you to collect a hundred trinkets that are otherwise irrelevant. Unlocking other schemes are nearly as annoying, as they require the same resource you would use to increase your gear performance. Can I have the Mayan armor back please? Without the bulletproofing would be fine.The UglyOnly one thing belongs here microtransactions. I have gotten used to seeing this crap from MMOs, but seeing this in a mostly singleplayer game that is already trying to sell you a season pass is beyond the pale. If you feel like throwing a 100 dollars at the game even beyond the 60 or 90 youve already spent, you could buy level 5 gear right at the start. The good news is that it is completely and utterly unnecessary. Which is saying quite a lot since Im one of those ones who often and shamefully takes advantage of such things. At the beginning, the 125,000 livres necessary for the best equipment seems completely beyond reach, in order to prompt you to buy their helix credits. That sum is not out of reach. There are missions in mid to late game that will pay 25,000 livres or more. The real trick, however, is to invest in the cafe. Do the renovations, do the missions, renovate the Social Clubs. At max, you are getting 10,000 livres every twenty minutes of gametime. And you dont have to actually be playing for the time to pass. As I type this, I have the game minimized, and it is still accruing money.SummaryDo I regret buying this game? Most definitely not. Do I recommend buying this game? Yes, absolutely. Eventually, after patches, if you have a good computer, and when its on sale.I give it a 7 out of 10. 