TLDR AT THE BOTTOMEDIT As of right now, Ive had to restart the game ENTIRELY. Twice.  I was at 15 about 17 hours in, if you count all the ing around I did. Just completely gone. Then I figured Oh well. Ill just replay it, no big deal. I got from the beginning to the part where Arno joins the Assassins last night before bed, and today my game was corrupted. Again.  off Ubisoft, I honestly hope your shares drop tenfold because of this. The game would be perfect if they had just delayed it for like 3 months.End rant, Start reviewIts been stated in multiple sources, articles, users, etc AC Unity is bugged beyond belief. For a HUGE developer Ubisoft has become they manage to  a lot of thins up recently. I know people who bash Ubisoft left and right for things and backed the company up as I thought they deserved more credit for their games that Ive spent so much time playingUntil this peice ofcame a long.I play Assassins Creed for the historical setting and the amazingly accurate environments they make. This game, thankfully, still held true to that. But its hard to take it seriously when Im watching a cutsceen of Arnos father dying and his fathers hair is flipping around like a wind turbine on max capacity This happens in A LOT of cutsceens for me, maybe the game day release patch will fix this. Or when Im trying to advance in the Bastille mission and your new friend I dont even remember his name lol, which is kind of sad gets stuck in the door and you cant advance in the mission. Then, of course, theres the FPS problems, which I thought was my computer going toeven though I have a decent graphics card and processor. Turns out it was just the game making the dramatic fight scene happen in about 3 frames and me wondering how Arno was suddenly on the ground.Thats among many technical  up Ubisoft released this game with. There is NO REASON a company should release a game before its 100 complete. I sincerely hope Ubisoft learns a lesson from this and continues making amazing games Ive been enjoying for years, and doesnt  up Rainbow Six or The Division.TLDR Game is bugged and FPS rates arefor no reason. Dont buy until they fix the technical issues, which if they gave aanymore, should be released in about 2 weeks. IF or WHEN they fix these issues, I HIGHLY recommend this game. If youre an Assassins Creed fan, youll love it, just wait for the technical issues to get taken care of.