The game has many pros and cons, but in general its a fun game where you can learn a little bit of history while you kill many many people. So to reduce the review i recomend this experience to they who like to kill meanwhile learn and get fun alone or with friends.The game seen so alive, the NPCs helps to get you into the history, like one more revolutionary french, so its feels like YOU make the history.The movement of Arno, the parkour, everything are very well connected. The new moves makes the game more realistic, in comparison to other games of the saga, in which the movement was continuously stopped by the basic forms to move. The textures sometimes take too long to charge because of the amount of NPCs I think but this dont ruin the experience.When you are travelling you have new loading screen, a black screen. In the previous Assassins Creed there was a screen with your character loading the history remember you are in the Anymus, a machine that load history So that screen makes you see that you are simulating continously the history of your ancestor, an while the loading you could run and jump that make you a very funny 5 min. In this game, you forget you are in a machine and only focus on the gameplay, that its not bad, but you lose the immersion of the game and also lose 5 funny min.The refuge of Arno its very interesting, you have many things to renovate, thing that help you to many things you discover on the game. But it fits perfectly on the age helping to feel there.The loot you make is more realistic, when you loot or steal something, dont steal just money, you loot anything like garlic or anything, but this have a price and this is what you get, making the feeling of looting more valious.The Assasssins Creed Revelations has a very famous sistem of making money, well, the AC Unity has nothing to envy.The fighting is more fluid, hardest than the previous game, but better. You have to fight, like a man, not like a god with blades, that is a way to get you into the game, and is more fun to figth nor to go anyway killing like a god. Here you will have a problem if you dont think too much and get in a fight with to many soldiers. There are more combos and fightbacks that are awesome.The missions are very free of choises, you must think, because you cant get into anywhere killing and killing, because, like a said before, the fighting is harder so the ways of completing a mission used to get close to the stealth, and is very heartwarming to complete a mission you have think by yourself.The multiplayer is very good and the missions are adjusted to make possible the coordination. So if you play alone and get into the online, dont worry, youll cooperate because the game is make in this way. But you have to be careful because you can get a spoiler, because the searching is for all the mission and if you dont know the game you can really get dissapointed. BE CAREFULAnd to conclude, some ideas or thinkins that ive seen like the more stupid things of the game. CAREFUL IT HAS SPOILERWhere the revolution of the people is stopped and you fight in both team.A game where Louis XVI looks like a good man.A game where Robespiere is not bad just for killing....Where the Jacobins are called extremists and the fight to eat is a conspiracy.Enjoy it 