Im a big fan of the series and even though Black Flag wast a true Assassins game it did break up the monotony of the series locales which were beautiful but were wearing a little thin after 5 games. So I actually surprised myself by getting as excited as I did for the series returning to its traditional European cities and rooftops after a couple years. That anticipation fell flat when I launched the game at 3am, yes because we on the eastcoast actually had to wait till 3am. Obviously the framerate issues were the first noticebly bad aspect but that aside its just not a very good game. None of the AC games have a great or even clear story most of the time but Unity is overwhelmingly bad, I wanted to hold the skip button every time everyone in France started speaking with their English accents. The stealth is pretty atrocious, enemies will spot you when your 60 yards away while being 2 stories directly above them. The new parcour is pretty cool most of the time, except of course while your tailing a potential assassination target and you cant drop from the last ledge and hide behind something because the game isnt recognizing your hitting the frickin B button a billion times. The reason I got tired of playing Brotherhood was because there was way way too many pointless marks and things to sopposively do on the map and its 100 times worse in Unity. The map looks like someone farted confetti on a birthday cake. Thanks UBISOFT it takes me 5 mins just to find where the next story mission is on the map In the meantime Ill just go open up these gold chests, Oh wait I cant until I play this AC browser game. Ok Ill go open these blue chests then. Whats that I need to play an AC mobile game to access those? After patches and optmizing my video settings Im able to run at a stable fps clip and that would be a blazing 35 fps except of course when Im playing coop or the campaign then it drops to 1520 Most importantly the game is just not fun, after collecting dozens and dozens of cockholds or whatever theyre called Im drowning in a cesspool of boredom.  I cant remember one story mission not one. This game is so boring and forgettable that I forgot what I was talking about. So needless to say when I say Im done with this franchise this time I might actually be telling the truth.