Review is done, It is a shame that the performance got in my way which took me about 4 hours to tweak around and fix up myself personally, not only that the entire games plot was quite dull for me, I really wanted to love this game but I forced myself to coop and gather gear and weapons so that I can quickly finish the story of this game I can never truly enjoy it as much as the other past creeds. I hated to put my thumbs down for this one seriously as a Triple A title but I was seriously disappointed to the max. Hopefully looking forward to a comeback to this title as this goes down to one of my top 10 spot of disappointments right next to the mass effect 3 ending and other fiascos. This shows that you can make something big but if you dont polish it well this is what happens.andthis oneADVICE  TURN OF AntiAliasing and PCSS Shadowsyoull get better fps is what I gathered from a friend. Helped my framerates until then. Also go offline from UPLAYI have spent about 40 hours in the game and just finally beaten it. I will have to say that this was not a great assassins creed at all to me but a subpar B rated title.The story of the game as you already know is about Arno who is a Frenchmen and son of an assassin, his father was killed and so he was adopted by a templar who was also killed. He blames himself and goes to join the brotherhood to rise the ranks and defeat the mastermind behind it.The story felt very forced amd rushed. and so did the romance, it was a very dull plot from finish to end instead of being great like past assassins creed that leaves players hungry for more. This game left me with asour taste as if I had accomplished nothing and wasted my time. It was a complete letdown andThe maps and architecture in this game looks amazing and is very large, the buildings are very aesthetically detailed and for those that can experience it without performance hitches its very clear work and detail has been put into the games design. Maps have tunnels underneath it and buildings that you can go in this time around.The combat to the game this time is the same as the others with attack, parry, and roll except the kill streaks are taken out and is much harder, It needs more work because sometimes it can get clunky during battle due to possible bugs or fighting 5 stars enemy is such a pain. Best way of clearing enemies are using bombs smokes etc and just killing them all.The parkour is improved with the ability to traverse up and down however can be quite buggy when it comes to climbing near windows. I felt like pressing directional in all different ways and solving a puzzle just to get past them.The coop itself is very lacking, they took away the previous death match style games and replaced it with forced coops in certain places. There are coop missions you can do to earn unlock in armors and get more money with random mob generation which bugs out. Most of the time people dont really try to stealth them, everyone rushes in kills accomplishes the mission or sometimes do escorts, rinse repeat and I can seriously see the replay value of this game dropping in a few weeks.I love the fact that you can go over and over a mission to redo it again figuring out different routes in the game though it is limited in ways you can do them really but nevertheless the choice is thereThe armor aspect of the game is a greay way to customize your assassins but at the same time  quite silly because you can literally buy it all with helix points by paying which is such a silly and greedy system, You dont have to but you can do so.Truly, I cannot recommend this game until things are fixed. The gameplay is by no mean horrible at all and by no mean very exciting but its the performance issues that really gets in the way.When you turn down settings to tone it all down even to low and get the same fps problems its clearly an issue with the game not my rig. The game itself is having problems on consoles! If you do your research Everyone is having problems in this game even the higher end tier rigs with the fps and only a handful of people can run it. Overall the game itself was very sub par and introduces some nice new mechanics but also failed to really bring anything exciting to the table. At best for this triple A title it felt B rated and dissappointing, as a Fan I will have to thumb this one down and wait for them to pick themselves up. The architect and the city of paris is made very nicely along with the aesthetics.Maps is large, theres a sewer/crypt level along with buildings you can even enter. The New Parkour system, how you can go up and down, its smooth, damn smooth and the direcitons it lets you manuever when you make the free runs. However can be clunky near windows. The new Stealth system is a nice addition to the game. The combat this time flows pretty smoothly and is more challenging basically its just the redone system with kill streaks taken out. Horrible Optimization on release full of bugs and glitches The animation in combat isnt great, looks like weapons are floating at enemies instead of really impacting them. The requirements are absurd, I have a tough pc, the 680 signature overclock runs it fine, though not at the highest settings. Ive seen people with higher end cards having mini lags and issues during the cutscenes. Mine runs them at 2530 and the game microstutters at wierd times. Sometimes the free form running can make you run in a wierd angle if you arent facing a certain way correctly windows etc and going past it is just a pain. Coop is uninspiring and the ability to actually buy items and gears defeats the purpose of playing the game to earn it. Why not keep the Deathmatch from previous games or add modes to that concept? the replay value is lacking and I can see this dieing real fast. Forced coop and I barely see any of it.Yt/twitch Kenuty 