WOW! there is absolutely no other words to describe this game it is fantastic!. Set within Paris during the French Revolution and follows the story of Arno Dorian in his efforts to expose the true powers behind the Revolution. Assassins Creed Unity retains the series thirdperson open world exploration as well as introducing a revamped combat, parkour and stealth system. The game also introduces cooperative multiplayer to the Assassins Creed franchise, letting up to four players engage in narrativedriven missions and explore the openworld map.Combat for the game was rebuilt, with fencing being used as an inspiration for the new system. In addition to a few returning weapons in previous games, Assassins Creed Unity now introduces a Phantom Blade. The Phantom Blade uses the mechanics of a crossbow to fire a silent projectile to a great distance, while it still serves the same role as the Hidden Blade from previous Assassins Creed games. Navigation for the game was also overhauled new Freerun up and Freerun down commands were added to make it much easier for you to scale buildings that are in either direction.Assassins Creed Unity also introduces cooperative multiplayer to the series. Players can enter taverns, which act as social hubs in the game, where you are able to see if any of youre friends are playing the game at the current time. If they are currently in a mission, they will then appear as a ghost version of their player, allowing you to approach to request to join their mission. If your accepted, you are then transitioned to their game and the both of you reset to the most recent checkpoint, and continue on from there.Four players max can join in together in this fashion. Overall Ill give Assassins Creed Unity 7.5/10 the story and CoOp are excellent with few bugs and glitches ruining all the fun. So I would say if you do see this game on for sale definitely pick it up, its worth the price, but I would not recommend you buy it full price as it still has the bugs and glitches still crawling about in the game. So I definitely recommend this game allot and I absolutely suggest you go and pick it up because I am sure If there werent much bugs or glitches it would just absolutely blow you away!. 