Its been a nightmare.  I gave it a shot despite the many bugs.  Uplay wouldnt let me launch the game unless the game was installed on the same drive as Uplay. So, I had to use 45 GB of SSD space to play this game which was annoying because this is the only game that does this. I verified the files, redownloaded onto other drives, etc...but the only solution was the SSD. Strike 1.After that I gave the game a start.  Frame rates werent bad, but not great. 980 ti and 6700k at 1440p and i was getting in the 60s, but there were noticeable drops.  There were also numerous bugs in the game that were so annoying that I contemplated uninstalling the game.  People would randomly popin all of the time, they would walk through walls and tables, some would pop in with different outfits after a few seconds.  Arno would grab invisible ledges.  The edges of some people during cut scenes were straight out of the early 2000s.  No joke, one persons face had three jagged lines as his outline. Then the running was so buggy.  i would constanty run through people, but get stuck running in groups of people.  Strike 2.Since I installed the game on my SSD I deleted the extra DLC the game came with to save about 4 GB the kings one.  Yay.  Well, not yet.  After deleting the DLC, I went to continue my game but the game wouldnt let me continue unless I downloaded the DLC again.  If I continued with the game it would erase my saves.  So I downloaded the DLC again and the same notice came up that my saved game would be erased unless I downloaded the DLC. So I deleted some extra content the main game didnt need and it wouldnt let me continue unless I downloaded it which I did, but the game still wouldnt let me continue unless it erased my saved game. Strike 3. Uninstalled.I gave it a shot, but there were too many issues. What I did play was fine.  The world looked pretty, but the issues I faced were too much. I got the game while on sale and I wouldnt even recommend buying it unless its 5.Edit So I pushed through all of the errors and bugs in the game so I could finish it. I mean, I spent money on it so I should. Around sequence 9 things got rough. The assassination missions got significantly more difficult and what do you know...theres no checkpoint system at all.  The game says its saving after some scenes, but whenever I died it would take me back to the beginning of the memory.  Until sequence 9 I guess I ddint notice there were no checkpoints because I did the missions pretty easily. I never rage quit and I rage quitted so hard during those last missions. A mix of the enemies being OP and spotting me too quickly and combat being so wonky made it really frustrating.  If the games controls and stealth were more accurate it wouldnt have been that bad. It wasnt even that it was hard, it was just a grind to redo 20 minutes of work multiple times because I couldnt parry quick enough which isnt accurate and die.