So Ill start off with my rig specsGTX 780i5 4670k CPU  3.4 ghz no overclockMaximus Hero VI mobo8 GB RamIm sure everyone who is currently looking at this game is still wondering if the optimization issues are still present. I myself was on the fence about even getting this game after reading all of the latest reviews late May  beginning of June from people who were saying the game wont even start and that the optimization still sucks and what not.After talking to some friends who still currently play the game, I went ahead and got it while it was on sale and decided to play it for a while just to make sure that there werent any bugs, crashes, and poor optimization in all areas of the map before I wrote a review.With my specs, the game runs absolutely great  no bugs, no glitches, and no crashing. My framerate dips no lower than 40 during gameplay, and usually sits anywhere between 4560Here are my graphics settings Everything on Ultra, except Shadows High the only thing higher is NVIDIA softshadows, which isnt worth the lower framerate Antialiasing FXAA going any high than this destroys framerate for meALSO, Ive read about alot of trouble people were having with SLI / Crossfire and optimization issues. Ive been playing with a friend who is using crossfire, and he says that the game is running perfect for him. I dont know about SLI though.Other than the optimization topic, the game itself is absolutely wonderful and looks gorgeous.With the option of changing your characters outfit Head, chest, legs, waiste pouches, glove, and colors, its cool as hell to play coop games with other people and run around with customized outfits together. The climbing mechanics are the coolest theyve ever been in the AC series, not to mention the animations are bad Stealth is finally reasonable and realistic npcs can actually see you from far away and will take caution of your location, as compared to the older titles where you can be walking on a building adjacent to the enemy and they somehow dont notice. I actually feel the need to sneak around and stay out of sight when doing a stealth approach.I hope this review helps other decide whether or not to buy the game. Oh, and one more thingIts a ing shame that Ubioft released such a piece ofat the time of release. I only gave in to buying it because I wanted to play with some friends who have the game and stated it now runs fine. Im honestly ashamed for selling out, knowing what kind of antics Ubisoft have pulled on their loyal customers. At this point, its a love/hate relationship between the consumers and the sons of es who think this bait  switch crap is necessary to prosper in the game developing industry.All I can say about the situation is to take caution and wait on prepurchasing anymore games from Ubisoft let the sheeple who buy their games dayone make reviews before making any transactions.