Should you buy Creed Unity? That is hard to say. If you are a die hard fan for the series then your answer is probably yes if you have a decent computer. This is not a very well optimized game for current hardware. Running a i5 4670k  4.2 GHz with a Nvidia GTX 780Ti my system still struggled at times with this game. Random crashes and freezes are frequent. I was able to run this game with mostly Ultra High settings for everything but full antialiasing2x and shadowsHigh. With these settings the game ran mostly between 5070 frames per second. But my performance did dip to 510 FPS from time to time. So performance for this game is not very smooth for even a mostly high end system. So with hardware performance being mediocre at best for most gamers does the actual game make it still worthy of a purchase?Would I recommend this game on the strength of its story and gameplay? Purely on the story I would not recommend Creed Unity. Not to say the story is really bad. But Unitys story would rank as one of the weaker entries in the series. Since the story does not really advance the overall story of modern day conflict between the Assassins and Templars. I also found it a bit lazy that the new Initiatethe player is stuck in the Animus the whole game. And the most you get is a few lines from Bishop Rebecca and Deacon Shaun during Abstergos Animus server security checks.They just randomly hack the Initiates Animus station and just expect cooperation from a random person working at Abstergo...... Arnos story is not too awfully bad. A bit too much Romeo and Juliet but at least more interesting than Edward Kenways story from Creed Black Flag. But the setting of Paris during the French Revolution is a hell of a lot better than Creed 3 and Black Flag. I was so glad not to see a boat mission. So overall I would not recommend this game due to its story, but its locale and time period is intriguing. I would have like the story a bit more if Ubisoft story writers could have provided a logical reason why a random Abstergo employee would help out the Assassins. Since this Abstergo employee is not identified as the same one from Black Flag. But that is myself nitpicking about minor details.Nor would I recommend this game on the single player gameplay. I personally feel Ubisoft took a step backwards with the combat system. Ok taking away the IWIN parry button really has not changed. However, now you cant kill streak off of it like it was possible in previous games in the series. Which now just makes the repetive and sometimes endless fights against nameless NPCs annoying as hell. It also did not help that half of the games abilites are locked until really late in the single player campaign. After completing Sequence 9 out of 12 you finally get the last of your abilites. The parkour system really did not change. Ubisoft now allows you the ability to parkour down a building by pressing B when your are free running. Helps a little bit with fall damage that used to happen from leaping off of buildings with no path down in previous games. The one shining gameplay addition to Creed Unity is the 24 player CoOp Missions. This is the only feature of this game Id recommend someone to pay full price right now for this game. Because I am sure that being able to do those missions in a few months will be damn near impossible with few people continuing to play this game after finishing the main story.I would only recommend this game to Die Hard Assassins Creed Fans. Everyone else Id wait on a Steam Sale of at least 40 off from its current 60 price.Id rate this game a 7 out of 10, a pretty average game. I would not buy Assassins Creed Unity for full price unless you are a Assassins Creed Fanatic and want to experience the Multiplayer CoOp Missions while this game has a active community.Game Performance on Computer Hardware  3 out of 10Story 6 out of 10Single Player Gameplay 6 out of 10Multiplayer Gameplay 10 out of 10