Ive played every Assassins Creed up to this, and I can see why some people complain, although it isnt that bad. The game is very fun, but It need more content. Ive spent about 35 of my hours trying to find chests and collect points and all that. Having sead that, this game ties well into the ending of AC rogue, but we need more missions that tie into rogue, continuing the story of it. There is not one mention of Shay in the entire game that Ive seen except for the outfit And no, there isnt a hooded variation. While it is a fun game, you cannot use half of the cool things you find/collect in the game which makes it incredibly lack luster since those are the parts we anticipate for in the game, and that  we really want to see in action rather than having to use it for one mission/cut scene. I give this game an 8/10 since the controls were nice, the games graphics were amazing, the story was developed but not fully intact or there persay. There are a ton of side missions that have good rewards, but arent worth it a ton in the long run due to the fact that you can earn livres very easy. It seemed as if it branched its own story within the universe, but it wasnt terrible. A few minor problems I seem to see frequently 1 When you ALT  TAB, the map seems to glith out a bit with black lines here and there. 2 Sometimes if you SHIFT  TAB, or ALT  TAB, the game seems to bug the controls out not allowing you to move forward or backwards for a few seconds. If you just let it rest for like 3 seconds and try to move though it should be fine. 3 And finally, my biggest annoyance of this game, is not being able to jump down off of certain things easily. Say you want to jump off of a fence thats 2 feet off the ground, the game wont let you just hit W and walk off, you need to fully jump and sometimes it directs your controls to a nearby building. Overall, the game is good, but it does have some minor flaws and needs a bit more missions and side quests in order for it to be worth 40. If Ubisoft can add some basic 25 dlcs and fix the bugs, while adding some more missions here and there, the game would definately be worth itSPOILER WARNING........... 