The goodEagle Vision  Its been improved. Its now a ranged ability with a cooldown, works through walls, and wears off after a few seconds. A lot more like listening/looking hard and less like godlike tracking senses. More difficult to use, but more balanced.Misson variety  slightly improved from older AC games. You still have the go to the place and kill the person quests making up 50 of them, but the other 50 have changed a bit.Abilities  Arno can disguise himself, among a few other new features. You can unlock these skills by doing missions, which seems appropriate.Specializaion  You can now chose to specialize in Melee, Ranged, Stealth, or Health. You can also split between two or more specializations, if you want. Adds an interesting mechanic to the game where you only get better at what you want to get better at.Progression  the development from newbie to master assassin is much more pronounced in this game. I feel it adds to the immersion and helps the game feel more realistic.New Climbing System  you now have options for climb up, go fast, and run down. It would make chases and freerunning a lot easier, if it worked consistently. I put it in good only because I feel like it will be fantastic once the bugs are worked out.Graphics  Wow. Its really shiny.The Bad PIRATE SHIP REMOVED  DMany abilities have been taken out of the game. Double assasssinations no longer come standard, same for falling double assassinations. There are a plethora more, but theyre mostly minor. Things like pickpocketing are no longer possible outside of missions, although the code clearly exists because it happens in missions. You can no longer whistle while hiding to attract guard attention. Stalking zones have been removed entirely. Health no longer regenerates, you need medicine now. Theres more, but I cant remember off the top of my head. Its basically like returning to Altars weaponset.Game world is considerably smaller. Theres a tutorial city, and theres Paris. Thats all.Arno still has a tendency to get stuck to furnature midchase.Constantly nags you to play online with some mongoloid who doesnt understand subtlely. Seriously ubisoft, its a slowpaced game with heavy planning, did you think adding 13 windup monkeys to the mission would really be helpful?Really, really, really glitchy. Ive had to restart entire missions multiple times because I was stuck in combat or being attacked by invisible gaurds or some other BS. I encountered around 24 glitches per hour of play time, including gamebreaking things like invincible gaurds and nonfunctional menus.Completely unfinished  the new climbing system is glitchy as hell and gets stuck all the time, the new combat system is glichy as hell and randomly kills you, and basically everything else is also glitchy as hell. This game needed another year of development, and Ubisofts management made the greedy decision to release it sooner. Theyre morons.No clear difficulty warnings  you can wander into a 5diamond zone as a 1diamond newbie, and youll just get crushed over and over again by the guards. The only thing that tells you that youre in the wrong neighborhood is a 34 second popup that has the name of the suburb.Runined Rogue  ACR worked fine on my system with little to no glitching, until after I ran Unity for the first time. Now I get clipping issues, animation glitches, and floating scenery. It makes no sense to me, but its the truth.Arno has no personality  the progragonist in Rouge is incredibly  almost painfully  bland. Our motivation to complete the missons is... to complete the missons. Thats about it.Shoehorned anachronistic sequences  I wont spoil too much, but there are parts where the time would not match Arnos. Those levels are terrible and break the immersion nearly as bad as the glitches.The UglyRendering issues  ofen when youre looking around on a viewpoint, youll see 67 buildings out of the 20 or so that have extremely lowquality textures. That wouldnt normaly be a problem, but when the rest of the game is so highdefiinition, it looks extremely out of place and ugly. The default assassin outfit  Arnos initial assassin outfit looks fine from th front, but you barely ever see it from the front, only the back. It looks really ugly from the back.Thats about it  ACU is beautiful, wether or not its a good game. Those two are just about the only ugly things in the game.Overall, its a bugs nest and not worth the money. 