Too Far, Too Fast, and In What Direction?Hype is a terrible thing. Especially when its directed by Ubisofts incredible marketing team. Seriously, they should be showered with praise for their ability to spin the titles of the Assassins Creed franchise into something that their consumer base will want to consume.For everyone thinking that this was just a continuation of Ubisofts money spinning of this franchise, youre simply looking for a simple excuse for, lets face it, a game that didnt make par because the developer threw the hype train into high gear on the day of reveal. Thats not to say that Im disagreeing with you.Yes, the game is riddled with bugs. Yes, the software runs like a sloth on hallucinogens. Yes, the service supposedly handling the load of multiplayer isnt doing its job.But people are forgetting that a tonne of people at Ubisoft put their heart and soul into making this game BE the nextgen title that we and they were hoping for. The artists, especially the texture, level and environment designers the guys behind mocap, animation and voice capture hell, even the actors behind the mocap did a decent job.The people that should be getting an earful are, firstly, the optimisation team. Either that or they should be getting bereavement for being harassed because they had a deadline out of their control. Secondly, the people that are in charge of the online services, connectivity and servers OR those in charge who FORCED the game out with the online services not being fully ready.30 of the issues with the game would be and hopefully WILL BE sorted with connectivity fixes, another 30 with the fixes to game optimization.The last 40 are simply arguable issues with the game itself. It seems like Ubisoft pushed too far too fast, wanting to claim this dream of a nextgen gaming experience. The combat feels organic, but is too interrupted by sometimes irritating camera angles and a lack of warning when youre about to be shotfodda, or smacked in the head with an axe. The immersive Paris with randomly generated sideevents is nice, but far too samey to be enjoyable for the length of a full play through, especially considering the size of the city. The openended assassinations would be a nice change, if you werent funnelled down a predictable path determined by optional opportunities that help you get the mission done.The Helix interludes are nice little morsels of distraction from the main game. But even they are let down by again, being too samey, and secondly, reminding all the fans of the series that there is a world OUTSIDE the simulation that seemingly, plays little to no part in what happens INSIDE it.All in all the game deserves a 7.5/10. Maybe an 8. But as it stands, until these fixes get fixed, it can only stand at a 5.Get it. Give the massive team that worked on this the recognition they deserve. But only do it if things get fixed stay posted, and or when the game drops in price. Just dont be anand post a mindless negative review because youre too selfish to see the work that actually went into the game.Specs The game runs decently at 1600/900 with most of everything on high/ultra apart from AAi54570 3.2GhzGTX7608GBs GRAMPS To UbisoftSo much of your player base are actual fans of the franchise. Get the simple stuff done first. Please. The things the best games in the franchise were famed for the story and protagonist, the mechanics, the integration into history a woven tale that actually wants you to care about the history and its important figures, and for goodness sake give us fans back our modern day content  you nearly had it perfect with Black Flag exploration if you wish but no major or compulsory ties to story/achievements.If you really want to make any more money off this franchise, stop thinking you know whats best, and start listening to your fans and player base rather than your bottom line. And anyone at the top of the Ubiladder respect your artists more, and stop pushing their work out under unfinished circumstances.