Let me start of by saying I am a great fan of the Series and have been a Supporter of Ubisoft for many years now. Ive foolishly preordered the game a few months ago and I have given the Devs some time now to fix the game so here is my Review on it so farGraphics The game can be amazingly beautiful. The Artist did a superb job of creating a realistic and wonderful Paris, unfortunetly most players wont see it. The required Specs are really high and even if you meet them there are a bunch of graphical bugs and problems ruining the scenery. Not even mentioning the problems it had at launch, which now have been partially fixed 3/10 on release 6/10Sound Excellent choice of music and voice actors, all quite well. No Problems here, nothing grandios either. 9/10Balance Fights have gotten a lot harder in my opinion but are still managable, if you dont happen to face a couple of well placed snipers who seem a bit OP. Im really glad they fixed the alarm system, getting caught no longer means mission failure in stealth. The Assassinations can be performed differently now with a open approach on how you get to and kill the Target, although the secondary objectives are a bit too obvious in my taste. Then there is the microtransaction. This is a full price release, there shouldnt be microtransaction in it. Period. 7/10Atmosphere Paris is alive, there are people everywhere going about their daily business, you feel the uprest in the Citiziens and the tension between Guards, Fanatics and the Assassin. The districts are diverse and all sides of the city. The main story however is as always told in the present, which more then ever is more annoying than enjoyable. The jumps in history and Simulation seem like a quick way to throw some exciting stuff in but makes it hard for me to immerse myself into the world. 8/10Controls As always in AC best played with the Controller but Mouse and Keyboards works alright. The menues are obviously designed to work on consoles but are not terrible on the PC. But as always there are the weird problems with the freerunning and climbing, getting stuck on weird places for no reason. 7/10Extent Paris is a large City, filled with the usual treasure and collectables, but some of the treasure is only accesable through playing the Companion App or Browser Game. There are many secondary missions some of which are refreshingly new and interesting like the Murder Cases so youll be busy even though the main story is not really long. Now here is the real problem though Save games are not save. When released saving the game was pointless and even though it was fixed for a time, many players still have problems with this including me. I had about 45 of the game when it got patched, now this save game is broken and I cant save anymore. Was 6/10 2/10AI Decent enough AI, the enemies have different approches and dont all wait their turn to be slaughtered like they used to in the older games, even though the regular guards are still easily overpowered. Allies are helping out ok, civilians are behaving like they should though sometimes a bit too late. Some guards have spotted me where they shouldnt have and not spotted me where they should have, and especially in CoOp NPCs tend to have problems navigating.7/10Weapons and Skills Costumization has gotten a lot of love in this game. There are many different Outfits, Clothes, Colours, Weapons and Skills to unlock and you can make your Assassin look unique. Sadly most Outfits must be unlocked again via the Companion App or Browser game. Also many of the Skills players have gottten used to as standart must be unlocked again. Some of the Skills and gadgets seem useless in the end game. Speaking of Skills, there is no way to get all Skills unlocked in the game. This is terrible as in the first playthrough you dont even know which skills are gonna be useful. 6/10Story As always the historical context and playing with the historical events and people is a lot of fun. Some Characters are great but sadly come to short in the story Napoleon or de Sade while the story focuses on a dull and obvious love story. The twists and the end are very predictable, and no veteran of the Series should be suprised. Sadly the ending is not only obvious but also seems unfinished and rushed. There is no real resolution as the game again only tells you about the love story not every other part of the story. Arno is an overall ok character but doesnt really have anything motivating him except for the love interest. I expect Ubisoft will provide more story and explanation in the coming DLCs and sequels but Unitys story leave me dissapointed nontheless. 4/10Multiplayer Lets put the first few days of Server troubles behind us and look at the Coop. The Idea behind it is great to me and it feels awesome to climb, jump and fight around as a team but the realization is again the problem. The Uplay servers still have problems, the gameplay is laggy, the NPCs are having difficulty and take way to long to follow protocol. Plus communication with your team which would be very helpful is impossible which makes it weird as most players dont like to follow each other around. 5/1061/100Summary Do NOT buy this game in this state. Last time Ive preordered from Ubisoft. They need to fix their game, which is a shame because at the core the game is really fun but it was released too soon. Maybe pick it up the Defenitve Edition when all DLCs and Patches are out.