I was pretty excited about this game until I ran into the system limitations. It required me to upgrade my laptop so it was close to the recommended settings. I maxed out everything in the graphics menu and backed down until the game flowed smoothly and the characters hair stopped dancing around. I have played a number of Assassins Creed titles and always play a mix of freeroaming and story line. It was surprizing in this case, that the story line was a bit too short. I thought I was about 50 through the story and then suddenly there were credits rolling. Now Im wandering around France taking out everyone I see...Ive been reduced to a mass murderer with no purpose. My stats are maxxed and my weapons are all collected, so my life has been reduced to treaasure hunting lockpicking and murder!Pros  this is the largest map of the franchise. Its impressive when your PC is set to show shadows and detail. The place is more real than the other titles a giant step above AC4 Blackflag. There is still a repetitive element to it  smaller buildings squeezed between French landmarks, which make all the streets have a similar look and feel. I have to use my map a lot so I can see where I am in the city. There is a lot of NPCs and they are realistic. Poeple seem to be doing things in certain places that make sense. No more people walking around aimlessly. They appear to have something to do whether or not you are engaging them. Walking through the crowds is pretty realistic. They dont automatically get out of the way, so a crowd can significantly change your pace during a chase or when runninng away. As the game moves along, the environment changes. Junk piles, protesters, fires, crowds, etc. all appear more dense as the story intensifies. A please surprise for a game like this. Run everywhere Climb of the most stunning buildings in any gameCons  The official trailer showed some pretty impressive scenes of a revolution. Its not exactly that cool when you are playing it. Its still an amazing game, but dont expect to participate in a scene like this one. When I play AC4 Blackflag, I found myself falling through walls or decks of ships, but with Unity, this is a regular thing. I run in the air without moving, fall into nothiness and die. Getting stuck someplace can be solved by restarting the last checkpoint, but not while you are engaged in a fight. When I get stuck whille being attacked/chased, I have to QUIT the game and start the memory over.   there are a few breakaway scenes where you get to see the Eifel Tower and shoot down some planes. This may have been a cheap way to show the Eifel Tower, so players who dont know history very well can say...oh yeah, its Paris Ive been running through for the past few weeks. The cut way to Paris takes me too far away from the emersive environment I wanted and paid for. I added some stealth skills during the game that I used a lot in AC4 Blackflag. I want to sit down between two civilians and vanish. Well, I remember seeing only two places in the city where there were two people sitting on a bench, where I could slip between them an vanish. The camera will swing around while Im climbing, which makes me run in all directions while trying to scale a building. I have fallen from great heights because of the camera spinning around me. If you run from one neighborhood to the next, the NPCs arent drawn fast enough. I have run into areas that were completely empty and had to walk around looking for them. Makes sense since there are so many people and so much city to cover. The downside to a large map.