Having bought this game long after its catastrophic launch, complete with Ubisofts official patch and no doubt an apology, I can safely say that my time with Assassins Creed Unity has been virtually bugfree... with the singular exception being, for about three days, constant crashes that seemed to defy explanation. After failing to rectify the problem as most Google search results told me I could by turning Uplay offline, I ultimately discovered the problem Id been playing ACU with Steam switched to online mode. After turning Steam offline, I was finally able to play the game with only an occasional crash  if even that. So, fellow Steam users try doing what I did if youre having trouble running Assassins Creed Unity. Might spare you a great deal of frustration.The controls are satisfying and responsive. Granted there are a few times when the freerunning interface prevents me from getting off a building when I want it to, but then again that could perhaps be applied to the rest of the AC games. The graphics and ingame physics are nothing short of astounding, although I have run into a few framerate issues during certain cutscenes although this doesnt bother me all too much, though thats my personal outlook. The most impressive aspect of Unity, however, is its size and scope no other game that I know of has ever managed to simulate the look, feel, and scale of a massive city as this one has, with its thick crowds of people and its enormous buildings. Seriously, in what other game can you climb all the way to the top of Notre Dame? Thats just plain incredible to experience.I cant quite comment on the story, as Ive not run far enough into the main plot to look at it from a critical perspective, but as usual the modernday interjections are a pain in the rear frankly Im far more interested in the historical backdrops and period pieces than I am in what alls going on in the present. Thankfully this isnt made to be the main focus of the game, and the modernday segments are short and sweet enough not to detract too much from the overall quality of the product. I will say, though, that at one point theres an especially trippy mission early on where the Templars try to hack into the simulation program, leading to some very convincing glitch effects something Im sure Ubisoft must have down to an art form by now. This moment is very tense and gripping, however the glitch effects themselves might give an epileptic player a hard time, as they are very bright and flashy. SO BE WARNED!Overall, I have to say Im glad that I bought this game. If youre an Assassins Creed fan, I say definitely give it a go. Now that its been patched up and fixed, youll most certainly have a great time with it.