Firstly, I want to preface this review by saying that Ive been a diehard Assassins Creed fan since the beginning up until a hiatus after AC4 where I became overly fatigued and embittered with the franchise. Ill confidently say that this title gave me the same wonderful feeling I got when jumping from AC1 to AC2, that feeling of wonderment after discovering how much better an IP could become.Lets run through my personal list of pros and cons for this gamePROS I really enjoyed the story and Arno as a character, I would honestly put him second on my list of alltime favourite asssasins after Ezio The combat is really satisfying, fun and deliciously brutal in my opinion. The presence of finishers with real physicality, along with weapons that all feel different to handle, really adds up to crafting an enjoyable combat experience for me  the cherry on top, being the contextsensitive animations that trigger depending on the location or prior movements of the player. The stealth is much improved with the implementation of a crouch button and albeit clunky cover system, and helps improve the general feeling of being an assassin   which prior titles lacked with their assassins inabilty to crouch I loved the world design, Ubi really nailed the feeling of Paris in the midst of the revolution  and it harkened back to Brotherhoods focus on one large city as a map, which I personally adored. The graphics are jawdroppingly gorgeous, with Ubis global illumination system conjuring up some absolutely stunning views both outdoors and in! Performance is stable in its current state, Im able to run it on my specs at ultra at 7090fps.I like the RPGlite levelling system that differentiates the city zones and enemies  I prefer this implementation to Origins because it doesnt make it too gamey in the sense that a hidden blade through the gullet should kill a person regardless of their arbitrary level being higher than yours. Customisation is vastly improved with a myriad of armor options available with different stat boosts and appearances  along with the option to add colour schemes to your customised armour sets. Finally, you also have the abilty to wear full outfits from prior games, or newer outfits you just unlock as you progress throughout the story. I really enjoyed the parkour improvements, I think the inclusion of designated up, down controls removed the often treacherous scenarios available in previous games, when trying to  get down from somewhere high up. The new animations are also a winner, helping sell the fluidity of an assassins movements. Interiors add a fair bit of choice to the gameplay loop in my humble opinion as they offer up new opportunities when free running around the city/escaping from enemies etc.CONS The lack of French accents can be a bit of an immersion breaker, but I suppose could be explained away inuniverse as being the product of the animuss abilty to translate languages to suit the user. Popin is much reduced over its initial state at launch, but is still fairly noticeable.Disclaimer I play all AC game with an Xbox One controller so any complaints relating to controls in other reviews definitely dont apply to using a game pad  its good as always.