I dont normally review games, but I couldnt hold my tongue.Ive been following Assassins Creed since the first game all those years ago, and have enjoyed each and every following installment in their own right. Last years Black Flag was an unexpected change from rooftop crawling, but it was fantastic. With Unity, there are some strong points the game looks stunning when it isnt glitching and stuttering, and the coop is refreshing when it isnt glitching and stuttering. I even like what bits of the story Ive played so far which is why I play these games in the first place.That being said, this review is less for the actual game and more for the company which made it.I cannot believe in my right mind that Ubisoft didnt know it would release like this. From the review embargo to the microtransactions, what they have done with Unity is completely unacceptable. It looks as though they were trying to supress bad reviews of the game in order to make as much money as they could before the obvious performance issues came to light. This was an incomplete game and a game which required much better porting than what we were given. Ive never felt like I was playing a simulation while in the Animus before, but now it feels exactly that, and between the stutters and the random framerate dips, it is like playing a laggy MMO when your ping is too high.Guards glitch in combat. Youre at full health and all of a sudden the guard transports across the screen and your dead. Player character falling through holes in the world. Borderless windowed mode does not work. As the other reviews will tell you, the list goes on.On a bit of the stranger side, my game crashed early on after stuttering and framerate dips and a whole plethora of other problems, only to reboot and have no stutter whatsoever. The game has been fairly stable since then, but Ill be knocking on wood after posting this review. I have literally no idea how or what caused this to happen.So, would I recommend this game?Not in its current state. Im glad to see Ubisoft is taking fire for this, but Im hoping there will be a patch soon which will fix this issue. I meet the hardware requirements good and well. Like many of the reviews are saying, it has nothing to do with not meeting hardware specs.Its just a horrendous and lazy port.