I spent a few days reading up on this and see the problems people are having. I bought the game.Installed the new Drivers.Im using an old i7, an 870 at 2.93, which is usualy running at around 3.4 ghz because of its turbo boost feature the old ones did this. Im also using an Nvidia gtx 660ti. To translate im running at around half the power of a guy with an i7 3770k and a 780ti. I set up my own resolution, manualy at 1216x760 to fit my aspect, which is about the same pixels as 720p. Shadows are always an issue so i started low. Ultra texture. High environment. HBAO. Low shadows. MSAAx2. Bloom on. I set up my own resolution because it removes the upconversion and blur, so its sharp. You need to do this otherwise there is no acceptable resolution other than native resolution. No, selecting a lower resolution than your monitor in the game settings is not acceptable without first creating a custom resolution, then afterward selecting it in the options within the game. The game itself is running my cpu at around 50 and im getting well above 40 frames running around. I dont feel any strain on my system at all, especialy on the graphics card. Understand that the PS4 is  powerful in the graphics department , reguardless of what people tell you. But its cpu is having issues with this game, which translates perfectly to my specs, because i have a more powerful cpu when it comes too crunching things like numbers. Other than shadows and resolution, my old a machine is eating this game alive. Im sorry but the game is not demanding. Im running in low res, and will most likely max everything else out, I have to be realistic, I do not have a gtx 980. In over 30 years of gaming, I can tell you in my opinion, this game does not have problems in its power requirement category. Some of the problems people are having is stemming from this whole 1080p 60 frames thing, and the general ignorance of the younger folk out there who have had these powerhouse systems handed to them. Some of you are no different than those un informed early adopters to HDTV back in the day, spouting off numbers they heard in an article to irritate the sales people Yes theres is a huge difference between 30 and 60 frames but most have absolutely no clue at how exponentialy challenging it can be to get it sometimes and quite frankly you dont want to pay for it soooo... yeahs shut your d mouth. But there is a problem with how the game is handling itself, and it results on hard stops and stutters which is major annoying. If you have an NIVIDIA card for fs sakes turn off SHADER CACHE, that thing they added for Watchdogs which didint help anything. And yes I ran watchdogs fine, again, identifying the issues rather than just sliding it to max because I spent 3000 usd on a pc my piece of crap pc is more like what, 500?, then having a complete fit when it didint run, just like a little child. There were issues in watchdogs which feel similar to Unity. You may laugh at me, but a good 30 of the problems people were havnig in watchdogs came from obsessive tweaking of the graphics options without a restart You experts out there who know everything about a game engine, and are closet computer programmers ofc, decided to in a manner of speaking toss it over a cliff and expect it to work just fine afterwards, REALY? You dont know jack sir. Watchdogs, for me, had serious problems with ultra shadows in particular, which I had to identify for myself, then adjust accordingly, and it had nothing to do with the graphics power requirement. Anyhow, yes ACU has some issues which have nothing to do with its requirement for raw horsepower for pc. On PS4 it has those same issues, with the added bonus of a pretty mediocre cpu compared to a PC. I see alot of negative reviews from people, and based on what i see right in front of me, some of these people are lying. They are angry because they take videogames too seriously, yet their machines arent taken care of, and their expectations are based on numbers rather than reality, and quite frankly they do not have the patience. No ACU doesnt require anything special, based on what im using this is a fact. However not even the most powerful system can fix it sometimes, although sometimes, the most powerful system does, which doesnt make it ok. It has some issues that makes the reality of playing it on certain settings, with some machines, not worth upgrading, or changing for, so my advice is get a PS4, or learn how to adjust your pc, and get the best visuals you can based on your eye and not the 4 words low,med,high,ultra. The game has issues though, understand this. Anyhow its fun and perty.EDITI spent some more time fiddling. Cpu is fine, but 2gb vram is not enough for ultra textures at any resolution. Setting textures to high eliminates stuttering while running around the town. You will stutter with 2gb of vram and ultra textures, no way around that you cannot save enough vram at 720p, and everything low. Its partly how the ubisoft titles work, and partly because 2gb video ram is not next gen and in case everyone hasnt noticed, before the new console launch textures were pure garbage in most titles Next gen titles arent about just  polygons as much as propper art style. Anyhow I can run the game maximum, save high textures, msaax2, and being careful with shadows, at 1680x1050 and the game is playable with HBAO on. However it will drop below 30 frames , so setting vsync at half refresh rate makes it feel pretty steady. I can get more than 30, but... yes vsync. 900p I think it plays quite well, so make a custom 900p CVT reduced blank, do not manualy set timings, in fact if your worried, dont even bother messing with itresolution in your nvidia card panel and you wont need 1080p anymore and will save some power for other things. I personaly decided to lower it to a 720p resolution 1216x760 for me and max the whole dmn game out with msaa and high textures and its buttery smooth and fun... excpet... those hard stops, for example sometimes when combat starts it freezes for a second, In which case if I cared, I would turn off vsync, aa, and turn textures down. So, this is the reality of playing on a 500 pc. I can run the game maximum Which keep in mind includes soft shadows and HBAO which dramaticly makes it look better than ps4 with txaa on at say 900p and actualy play it, which i did, but not quite enough boost in visuals vs frames for my taste at all times  and ofc max texutures is too high for my vram anyhow. If I wanted 60 fps I could get close to a 60 fps feel 4550 frames but 30 frames feels ok to me for single player stuff. The game isnt unoptimized in the power department, sorry. My old pc doesnt even have the right to play this game better than a ps4, and on top of that have the nerve to switch on special graphics options that other people playing the game dont get to have. The game does on the other hand have problems that break it. So again I would reccomend this to people who want to play it on their average machines, granted they know how to identify what is going wrong with their system and the software. Otherwise you need to buy a ps4. As far as weather or not we should be mad at Ubisoft, thats not the point here, the point is weather or not you should buy the game because you KNOW you want to. Again im using an i7 870 at 2.9ghz 3.6 turbo which i can confirm is running in turbo, and not just by the fan whining Or an old i7. 8gb ram. 660ti 2gb gpu. Windows 7. Playing at whatever settings I desire save high textures and 900pish resolution. I still get some hard stops. There are some bugs. The gameplay can be harmed by the problems the game is having, but if your like me, and just laugh at things like that... Dont buy this if you didint grow up playing buggy games on underpowered systems, your too spoiled. 