TLDR YOU DO NOT WANTOkay. I have loved assassins creed, not for the story, but for the gameplay itself, mostly the multiplayer. When i heard about coop, I swooned. I watched EVERY trailer that came out for this thing 16 i think?Now, i have a pretty beefy computer, its not top end, but i can play new high end games without a hitch. My frame rate is horrible, not to mention random frame rate drops which causes you to suddenly SPIN AROUND to face the opposite direction you were runing right into a swarm of guards, fun!Okay, so the game isnt optimized right yet, okay. Thats fine, i have an Nvidia card, it should be done right. its fine. i can forgive that. it just came out.I have a friend i want to play with, so i try to connect to them. doesnt happen. seems NOBODY can connect to anyone for whatever reason.Okay, the servers arent up to par yet with the workload. You cant exactly test that without making the thing open beta. I can forgive that.What I absolutely can NOT forgive is the SLEW of bugs this game has along with the clunky controls. Ive found myself running down an ally, making a turn and suddenly im climbing a random barrel 5 feet away FOR NO REASON. Or the horrible climbing system that worked BETTER on the previous AC games. how the HELL do you break something that youve made work for YEARS?!Oh but bugs? ive got PLENTY of those. Ive been running across a roof and my guy hops up onto some invisable platform, jitters for a bit, then freezes. cant move. cant do anything. the game is still going, but im stuck on some invisable floating platform. Oh, what about the random clipping issues in game or in cutscenes where you can see fire through your body from a torch on the far wall or peoples HAIR through their face making them look like wolfmen. How about the random horrid pixilation? Or where there are suddenly NO WORDS on my submenus.The list of bugs go on....and ive played this game for FOUR hours. 4. not 40. FOUR. Game testing takes days, weeks, months! Did they not even TEST their game?! If this was found in just 4 hours of me playing i can only imagine what deeper, game breaking, hell computer breaking, bugs there are in this game. NOBODY would have been upset if ubisoft set the game back a month, two, three months back to make sure it was properly done. hell, they should have hired the people they set to make all those damn trailers to playtest the game!!This is the kind of thing i expect from a lower quality game company, not someone well known like ubisoft, the kind of thing you expect from some prealpha game. I am not upset, i am furious, i feel cheated and i want my money back.