Assassins Creed Unity Super good graphics. Really amazing artistry, great game world. Story seems interesting enough. Cutscenes kept me intrigued. I found Arno the main character to be quite witty and funny, so that was enjoyable. Can be a little confusing to follow, not understanding who or why I am assassinating certain people. Theres a bit of variety with your weapons, different types of heavy or light implements, smoke bombs, cherry bombs, the phantom blade, muskets and more. Side missions are fun but can be grindy after awhile, especially since theres so many of them. climbing controls, the parkour doesnt work in certain situations when you expect it to. Jumping backwards off a wall to a ledge behind you is impossible to do? Couldnt figure it out. Really fidgety and annoying to be honest. Holding WEF is required to jump to the ground from heights lol. You also have to hit space while holding down sprint and the forward key to jump climb for some reason, when it was so much simpler in previous games. I actually found past iterations of Assassins Creed to have better, more userfriendly control schemes. The game is stuffed with lifeless collectibles. Not smart game design and the same garbage weve come to expect from every single ubisoft release. YAWN. Same content repackaged, renovating assassin hideouts, random pop up quests to apprehend a thief in the street, blah blah blah. Awful. AI can be kind of bad. Guards can walk right past you, but because youre using the cover system in a corner, they wont notice  despite the fact you are basically in plain sight anyway lol. If youre trying to assassinate a target and kill some of the guards on your way, dont worry if a civilian notices  they wont do anything but stand around. No reaction, no nothing. Realism at its finest. I feel like this game has a lot of potential but its just so casual in its approach to assassinations, its nothing like the stealth of the hitman series for example. There doesnt appear to be any clearly defined parameters which will make you fail a mission. When you play, it feels like you can be sloppy, noisy and unprofessional, yet still succeed. Which is completely counterproductive if youre a true assassin.I dont quite know what to make of this game. It has a great atmosphere which is really, really cool. The streets of 18th century France look incredible and it feels like an environment youd love to play in. The plot is solid. Where it fails is the meh side quests and common Ubisoft problems like meaningless collectathons to unlock rewards. Usually this takes so long you couldnt give aabout doing it. The game has a lot of filler junk in it and knowing Ubisofts past products, I just dont feel like I have the energy to tackle it all, because its ultimately dissatisfying content. You get to the end of the grind only to receive mediocre prizes...its just not worth it. You really need to be in the mood. Comparing this game to Assassins Creed Black Flag, it falls flat in so many regards. Black Flag just did almost everything so much better.Overall Id say its worth getting but its certainly not free of problems.7.7/10