You play as a French assassin during the French Revolution through an Internet cloudbased animus simulation through a VR headset.Overall I though the game was acceptable despite all the bad press and ubisoft bashers railing against all the bugs and glitches found during the release. Since I didnt buy it at the release, when I look back in hindsight the game was in a deplorable state just youtube unity glitches and should have been delayed to fix the issues. Although now in 2017, patches have fixed around 9095 of the glitches so you shouldnt encounter any. I for one have found a few on the odd occaision but nothing too major.The story is much shorter than its predecessors and is lacking in content when compared to much richer games like AC Black Flag. In terms of content, there is not much aside from Helix Data Harvesting, Chest Hunting, Assassination Contracts, Paris Riddles, Side Quests, Coop missions and collectible gathering.Gameplay from previous games have changed drastically especially the parkour and the combat. The parkour is much more refined and stylish but can be very fidgetty when in certain spots. Combat is more difficult only because counterkills have been removed and you can easily be mobbed and taken down quickly. In this way, the game discourages you from outright melee unless you grab melee armor and melee damage from gear menu.Graphics are reall really pretty, youll need a pretty good system to run this game. Just make sure you set appropriate graphics options in the menu and you may possibly need to tweak your .ini settings to have a runnable game. My primary specs are an Intel i7 6700K and a Radeon R9 390X and have been able to achieve around 6080 fps on ultra settings with SSAO, so if you cant achieve similar or better results then there is something very seriously wrong with your computer setup.What bugged me about this game was the enemy AI behavior, the AI is either really  or really overpowered. Sometimes I get aggroed by enemies in the most ridiculous situations. Either aggroed at a 90 degree angle on top of a building, phantom/berserk blade from cover, sighted from 3 building lengths away.It is also really hard to double air assasinate when eagle vision removes the outlines on the enemy that allow for a successful double assassination.Sometimes cherry bombs dont work as well as you think and stun grenades arent as useful when you finally get smoke bombs, same with money pouch, its kind of useless.Here some changes that you might notice from previous games No human shield to block bullets No counterkill No grass cover AC3 or AC4 No grabbing No combat disarm No whistling No ropedarts No tranquilizers Lockpicking is back Timelimit on eagle vision Smoke bomb duration is reduced Dedicated stealth crouch mode Can now freerun downward Can enter buildings now Wide array of weapons and equipmentPSA Dont waste your UPlay points on the reward equipment, stats on lategame equipment are superior.PSA Throw cherry bombs about 12 meters further to get enemies to actually go to where you want them.PSA The merchant in the assassins den sells supplies to you for a cheaper price anecdotalTo be honest I would really like to give this a neutral review, although this game is one of the most visually stunning Assassins creed game I have played so far, the gameplay is unpolished and the story lacks the depth that the Ezio saga contained. Despite the shortcomings I did have fun with the game so I would give this a recommend if only my fellow assassins can catch this game at a sale price. 