I will start this review at 2.7 hours. I would have not even post a review of this game if I liked it. But, do you see those 2.7 hours? Thats all I can muster in this game. It has been MONTHS since the last patch, and a patch for the FPS issues still hasnt come yet, or if it has, it sure as hell didnt work for me. I have a RadeonHD 7770. Normally, I would like to think thats a good graphics card. You can go into the games section of my profile and see all of those games. All of those games, I can run. But when you see this game, you better think otherwise. For this time around, I cant play this for Jack I am getting an FPS of around 15 on average when in the city. The problem isnt my graphics card. The problem isnt my dual core. The problem isnt my i2. Its Ubisofts special deal wth Nvidia. That little backstabbing special deal, its hurt many people and that isnt good. Its really bad to play favorites, Ubisoft. Its one thing tooff your customers once with this, but its another thing to do it with again.Oh, just buy a better GPU, Lightning Sage!Alright, Ill buy it with the 200 dollars that I have. Oh, wait! I dont have 200 USD!Then just go get more, Lightning Sage!Its not that simple, Ubisoft. You see, like you, I have something called a job. You know what that is, right? Of course you do. Youre making video games. But heres the point I dont get paid for jack. Just 25 cents over minimum wage. Im not a hardworking game devoloper like you, Im just a mere bussboy. Getting paid every 2 weeks. Not all of us have jobs that pay lots of money. So, with the amount I get paid, I can barely keep rent. By the time I can get a good Nvidia GPU, Id most likely would have moved onto a different game and would have forgotten about this one. Now, youre probably tired of reading about my oh so poor life story.But heres my point Youre supposed to make at least most of your audiance happy. Not alienate a big portion of them just because they have a different GPU. As a bussboy, its my job to make sure customers have a nice clean table. Free of left over food, slight stains, and generally make the table look nice and tidy. And I do what Im told. Its your job to make sure your customers have a nice clean game. Free of bugs, FPS problems, and a generally nicely polished pile of data. You havent been doing that. And I know its not an easy job, its tedious and tireing, just like being a bussboy. I say this not as a person being aand ordering you around, I say this as a person who has been a fan of you since Splinter Cell Chaos Theory, and has defended all of your mistakes with passion all the way up to this game.FIX YOUR UBISOFT!P.S, first review. 