I loved every single game before this. Sure, they had some problems, quite a few actually, but that didnt matter to me because I had fun! I got into the series from the second game and have been a loyal fan since. I dont play the games for the story of course I enjoy that too, but lets be honest, Its not that interesting or groundbreaking its OK I play them to run around the world killing and collecting stuff. Its just good fun.I took a break from playing, and when I got back Rouge, Unity and Syndicate was out so I started playing over from Revelations. When I got to Rouge I was excited because I hadnt played it yet, and guess what, it was just as fun as all the other games. I got it to 97 sync before moving on to Unity....Its hard for me to explain, but jfc it was horrible. Keep in mind I didnt play it when it came out, so I didnt have to deal with a broken, unfinished game, I bought it just two months ago. Im not an expert, I cant dish out in detail why this game is so bad, I can only try to explain why I didnt like it.The first thing I noticed is how diffrent it feels to move around. Again, I cant explain why this is, but it feel like everyting is coated in syrup. Running in this game is like running in a dream the bad kind where you feel like youre not really getting anywhere and you have little, to no control.Climbing and jumping is worse than ever, its slow and the problem with your character going in another direction than you intend is still largely present. It feels like they tried to fix it in this game by slowing down movement, giving you more time to plan your route, but it didnt work. All it did was make it more difficult and time consuming to undo a mistake.The combat is also more difficult. I know people have been complaining the AC games have been to easy, but I really liked that. I dont want to spend 15 minutes fighting a bunch of guards when all I wanted to do was loot a ing chest or, you know, kill a guy. I want to go stab, stab, slash, done not slash, block, block, block, roll, stab, block, fall, get shot, get stabbed, run, get shot, die.Which brings me to my next point guards attack you for seemingly no reason. As stated before, I play the games largely to collect stuff, I like that, but I cant play for more than a few minutes before having guards on my back. This is a problem when running around all over the place. I really dont know why they attack, but they do, and they do so in large numbers. For every guard I cut down, two more come storming in. Unless I want to spend like 15 minutes killing them all I have to run. Not that that works very well either. The streets are crowded and the guards dont have to shoot you more than two or three times one if youve tried to kill them all and have to retreat due to low health before you die. And they never miss. Never.I can understand why they wanted to make the game more difficult, but they should have done so by making the missions more challenging, not moving around in general.That said, they have also upped the difficulty on missions. I can see how they tried to add in more stealth, which I personally have missed in earlier games, but again, it does not work they way I assume they intended. Missions where stealth is the obious way to go IS more difficult. You really do have to scout out a place and think over the route you want to go, which I think is great, BUT! but.. you still have to fight all the guards because1 There are so many.2 Its really hard to sneak around.Maybe I just suck, but no matter how stealthy and careful I try to be, no matter if I scouted the whole place out beforehand and got a pretty good idea of all the guards and where they are, I always get caught. And as soon as one of the guards see me the ing flood gates open and my only hope is to run and start over.There are a lot of good things about this game, and having been such a loyal fan to the series for so long I tried to like this game. I really, really tried. My boyfriend MADE me stop playing because I was just angry and sad all the time this game literally made me miserable.Heres a short summary for the people who didnt feel like reading the whole thingProsLooks greatGood voice actingEngaging dialogLots of contentFun puzzlesCool, 3D mapLots of equipment and customization optionsYou can enter almost any house woooh so exciting!! !Lots of collectiblesCool CoOpConsComplicated combatMoving around feels like running in syrupEasy to make mistakes when moving around, hard to undo themToo many collectiblesAggressive guards attack for no reasonToo many guards attack in large numbersEnemies do a lot of damage/Low healthDifficult to escape combatBroken stealth mechanicYou have to unlock abilities like air assassination, double assassination, ranged attacks etc. you got for free in the other games and the points you need to do this are few and hard to get.In the end I couldnt finish this game. I didnt even get very far. For all the good things this game has to offer, there are just too much bad. And whenever I found something fun I was just to down from all the otherto fully enjoy it.I recommend playing all the previous games, and let it be with that.Its time we let this series die. 