I have 100 sync.The controls are terrible. Youll be able to do what you want 70 of the time. That includes freerunning, fighting and interacting with the various things throughout the game. If youre running and you get noticed by patrolmen, you might not pull out your weapon. If you do happen to pull out your weapon, you might just sit there twirling it about as if there was no conflict at all for 2,3 or 4 swings. When theres an incoming attack, there might be nothing you can do about it. Every move can be parried and I have parried every move. But, sometimes it wont matter if you tried to parry or not. The swords are the only weapon worth using. Heavy, Long and Rifle weapons all have such slow attacks that you can disable 2 enemies with a sword by the time you do with another type.Theres no Hidden blade fighting..Trying to get into cover is off and on. Sometimes youll cover behind absolutely nothing in the middle of the floor. But youll technically be on the wall where you were trying to go. There are several walls that refuse to let you cover behind them, Causing many stealthy moments to be ruined. The patrolmen have natural animations like some who take naps will periodically snort themselves awake, causing them to possibly spot you when they couldnt before. There are other animations like having a look around that you would think changes their view, but it doesnt. A guard will turn around 120 degrees but he will still be looking forward.Lets not forget the unplayable state the game was on release that caused me to leave it alone until now.Synchronizing viewpoints doesnt reveal all of the things within that district and the game holds them for ransom with helix points. Over the course of the game you earn enough to unlock 3/4 time savers that reveal chests, mission start points, etc. Its an unnecessary obstacle that does nothing but retract from gameplay. I spent several days running around the map with the max range eagle vision scanning every last path looking for chests. I ended up missing 30 and had to buy the time saver. I didnt know that was an option.Even though I like the murder mysteries, It doesnt feel right with the game. Im an assassin, I kill bad people who think theyre the good guys and kill bad people but Im going to take some time on the side to investigate and jail some random murderers.Even the story was weaker than the others. No twists unless you count the assassin traitor. Unless you play the previous games you dont even know you met the sage. Theres no philosophical reasoning on the behalf of the templars that makes you wonder for a second whether or not theyre really evil. Nothing Assassins Creed has been delivering so effectively since game 1 that made it the well known phenomenon it is today.This game is a disgrace to the franchise.