As a selfdescribed huge fan of Assassins Creed, I got very excited about Unity. I watched all the trailers and game play demos, read all the marketing materials produced by Ubisoft, discussed Unity with other gamers, and got my hopes up really high. I preordered and played the game within hours of launch. I agree with what everyone else is saying what a massive disappointment! Unity just doesnt meet my expectations. I thought it would look better, perform better, and I certainly didnt expect there to be so many bugs on launch. Ubisoft owe us for that.This is the fourth time Ive got very excited about an Ubisoft game over the year leading up to its launch and found that it wasnt what I imagined. When Ubisoft put so much money into marketing to drum up anticipation for their games, and then release those games scaled back and poorly tested, people are still going to go ahead and buy them at launch. Its like Ubisoft just isnt learning a lesson.Assassins Creed has been basically exactly the same over the past six or seven games or however many its been except for little changes here and there incidentally most of which I didnt like. This sets our expectations about how the game is going to play. When Ubisoft make changes to the game they are betraying those expectations. Even though most the changes they made to Unity were to specifically address previously criticisms, its very hard to learn those new systems after training myself to play Assassins Creed a certain way, and theyre nowhere near perfect.Im also majorly disappointed in the performance of the game. At first I thought my computer that is only three years old! need upgrading. But then I read that other people, some who apparently have SLI, say its a bad console port, so now Im just angry. I dont know much about graphics or game engines aside from what the game developers talk about, but it doesnt look to me like the quality improvements in Unity should justify new expensive hardware that Id rather not buy. It seems more likely the programmers have done a bad job because theyre lazy and apathetic to PC users. I was really looking forward to Next Gen and how it would revolutionise gaming, but now its here and hasnt changed much of anything except it doesnt work on my PC that was playing the previous Gen perfectly.Im still going to go ahead and complete as much of the game as I can though, but that doesnt mean Im going to enjoy it.Ive been looking at the concept art and leaked screenshots and reading about the next game, Assassins Creed Victory which will apparently be set in Victorian London. This time its being developed by Ubisoft Quebec, instead of Ubisoft Montreal who developed Unity, which gives raises my hopes that this time the game will be finished and work properly on launch day. After all our negative feedback about Ubisoft routinely raising our expectations and then letting us down, maybe lessons will be learned. 