So, this is actually the very first review for steam I have ever submitted, and this is because assassins creed unity is the only game on steam that I am this disappointed with. Now, lets start with the requirements. If you have even gotten this far you have looked at them, and while they are fairly overestimated, you still need an amazing pc to even think of getting a reasonable fps. I for one found myself lucky at times to have 15 fps, and could only reach above 20 on the loading screens which are almost entirely empty. Now, on to the bugs. By the balls of Baal, the bugs. Little bugs, small bugs, gamebreaking bugs, bugs that make climbing impossible, bugs that appear in single player, bugs in multiplayer, bugs in cutscenes, AI bugs, you name it. Unity has it. Lets start with the first major bug that I noticed. During one mission, you are following a man through a large, famous building during the french revolution. You, at a certain point, are expected to follow him through a door and fight a number of enemies on the other side. When I first encountered this door, it was with confusion, as I did not realize that, while I was catching up, my leader had FALLEN THROUGH THE WALL NEXT TO IT AND UNDER THE MAP. This rendered the mission impossible, as well as the rest of the game, because it was early on and a crucial mission. I repeated this mission maybe 5 times, reloaded from checkpoints at least 15, and eventually it fixed itself. Elated, I ran on to the next part of the mission, assured that this bug would be a singular occurrence. Yes, I was naive. But who could imagine just how many bugs there would be? Continuing on, I climbed a wall, and upon reaching the top, immediately fell through the map and died. This bug would repeat multiple times, albeit in different areas. Finally, fighting past the abhorrent framerates, almost making combat impossible, I managed to get quite far in the game, to about sequence 6. At this point, there is a short quicktime sequence, where you grapple with an opponent and throw him through a wall. Well, at least that is what I think is supposed to happen. Instead, I was stuck on the quicktime sequence, where I would either fail it, and be set back, or it would glitch and revert back to a certain point anyway. This too I endured dozens of times, at which point I gave up to play something else. Finally, and the most damning bug I have encountered, was just about 35 minutes ago. I decided to play the aforementioned mission again, and maybe get past the aforementioned quicktime sequence. Upon reaching the start screen, I was startled to, upon starting, be greeted with the first cutscene that started when I first played. My confusion led to me restarting multiple times, and then eventually messing with my save files and turning off the cloud save feature on Ubisofts garbage DRM, when I found that my save had been corrupted. While cloudsaved. With multiple accounts of this from other players, I have come to the conclusion that I may well never restore said files. That is why I wrote this review, the tipping point, and I highly suggest that you dont buy this game. In fact, it may be better to just buy a hammer save some money and use it to smash the nearest Ubisoft product, while attempting to curse them forever. It would certainly be more enjoyable. Oh, and to the developers of the game  you. you so much. 