 buy Helix Points using real money to be able to get the best tier armor and weapons in game. If you dont buy them, you wont get enough money in your playthrough to get them. spend more money to unlock location of collectibles. Remember how you revealed location of collectibles by syncing with view point in previous games? Not anymore! You have to buy side missions/chests/enigmas packages to do this. Or go through the entire city and every street with your eagle vision on. spend even more money to buy some premium coop bonuses. Yay! Graphics  it looks good when maxed out. Animations  climbing and fighting look so smooth and prettier now. Climbing  huge improvment. You have 2 different combinations for running up and down. Your character wont jump somewhere down when you want it to jump up anymore! They improved taking cover behind objects. Added stealth mode. And it seems that enemies do not use tunnel vision anymore. They can spot you more easily when compared to previous installments. I personaly like the talent system. You had to wait to unlock different techniques/items during your gameplay before. Now you can choose when to unlock them and which one you want. I dont see much difference and dont understand the complaints on this matter. Id say its an improvment. A lot of collectibles and side missions including new types of missions for those who like doing them. Coop missions. If you dont have anyone to play with, you can play them on your own. Open your progress tracker in menu, select coop mision you would like to play and choose a Private match. Tons of glitches and some minor performance issues. Even after several patches, the game is still broken. Removal of human shield. You cant use enemies as human shield anymore. So just prepare to be shot in the Fast walking was removed. Gentle push was removed. Whistle was removed. Eagle vision now has cooldown. While fighting, you cant switch between weapons dagger, sword, hidden blades, ... anymore. With all the gamebreaking glitches, youre pretty much not able to play stealth anymore. Console port. Even if you Google and perform some mouse fixes, it still feels like a controller. Camera while climbing is still horrible. Your character will still be running in a bad direction where youre not even looking. But you should be used to thisif you played previouse installements.It would be a really good Assassins Creed game, but Ubisoft made a really bad decision  create and recreate massive amount of stuff including a whole new engine in short span of time. The result is a game thats still broken even after several patches. Camera got stuck in a weird position after performing leap of faith and killing enemy from a haystack. Arno forgot what hes supposed to do during a fight. He refused to attack. parry and roll. I fixed it by running away and leaving combat state. Double assassination didnt work, even though both enemies had red outlines which means they both will be killed. Same goes for air assassination. Arno sometime refuses to perform it, even though hes close enough, there are no obstacles and enemy has a red outline. Some enemies will notice you, even though youre sneaking behind their back. Some enemies will notice you through walls. I dont know if its intentional I doubt that, though, but snipers on the roof will notice you and shoot you even if youre walking on the street. In the previouse games, this would happen only if you were anywere above the ground rooftops, climbing buildings, etc..Buy it if you really do not wish to miss the story line, have a strong enough computer and can live with the problems this game has. Or if you want to play with your mates.I have not experienced any crashes during my playthrough.4/10 