Review Summary 4 out of 5Great so far, 3.2 hours into the game. Fans of the series will thoroughly enjoy the gameplay, and the overhauled control scheme has a learning curve, but fits right in. The Present Day sequences feel shoehorned in and tiresome, but I understand the need to continue the trend.To jump right in to the system issues other reviewers are mentioning, I am running 1080P and 4560 FPS on full settings with the following set upGeForce GTX 760AMD 6350 SixCore8.00 GB RAMWindows 7 If you game on windows 8, youre gonna have a bad time.I have had ZERO issues playing this game, so dont let the naysayers sour your view on purchase. The Visuals are stunning. Its very easy to see the new engine desinged for the game, and the facial expressions on the character models are beautiful. I watched the trailer many times after preordering, and they simply do not do the game justice. There are a few things in the game that remind me of other Ubisoft franchises Farcry 3s Cave mushroom sequence and I hope there arent many more.The story could be so much stronger if the Modern Day sequences or cutscenes were omitted completely. They really break up the story tension and not in a good way. Just after your first kill youll be dragged right out of the setting and pace, and forced to take part in an absurd sequence that does nothing to further the story.I also have become momentarily stuck due to interesting camera functions and strange angles. The combat is unforgiving, and unlike Assassins creed 4, the camera does not zoom out to give you a sense of your enemies position. The game can and will punish you severely for not properly analyzing any situation you enter.The combat is unforgiving and rewarding the character customization is unparralelled. Just after the story is set up, you are thrust right into a rich world where you almost feel you can smell the streets of Paris and feel the environment around you. While the Combat, graphics and past story line are everything I had hoped they would be and more, the modern day sequences, though much less obtrusive that those in black flag, detract from the story flow, and could have been implemented effortlessly alongside the sequences as Arno. Im excited to see how the game takes shape as I continue the adventure. 