With all the negative comments I think there needs to be a good one.Reasons this game is awesome1. Very graphical and beautiful! If your pc can run it.... thats why you learn to read the recommended settings.2. Stealth is fixed and less bugs I have seen in general. I played AC3 and all the other ones I was very confused with the climbing and the fact that my character would go the complete opposite direction from my commands.3. The game is not a bad port my pc can run it fine. I have played watchdogs that port sucks, I had to mod the heck out of it to actually play it. My pc is not as beefy as most people who play next gen games is but I run my settings around ultra with a few highs and it runs all the way over 60 fps, 30 if everything is on ultra.4. This game is not as bad as it seems While the first beginning missions are a bit slow to me where you dont really get into fighting with the exception of one scene I think after you start getting to the actual campaign where you have the cloak and everything the game is a real good game you can fight guards and do whatever the hell you want.5. The Coop looks fun Not the best opinion from me as I dont have anyone to play it with but I believe it looks really fun with the campaign and tasks where you actually have to work together in order to acheive your task.The reason this game sucks.1. Takes a lot of pc power I read through the comments of this game and some people say their pc runs it with lag and the main menu is laggier than the game itself. That I can agree with because not everyone can afford a beefy computer to run max graphics. The one thing I can say is you need to read the recommended part for your pc. Meaning if you run something lower than what it asks for dont but it, unless you want a death sentence for your fps.2. Graphics are very bad with low settings and most casual gamers dont have a beefy pc. I will admit I have seen games where the graphics are not the best like CSGO, but the low settings on that game are not that much worse. The scenery in all next gen games I have seen as if they were played on old gen consoles, it just shouldnt be done. If you dont care about graphics go ahead but the graphics look like they are all on low settings.Sorry for all the rambling but I wanted to make it clear for all people out there that this isnt a bad game in my opinon I love it to death and while I cant play everything on ultra that I still love it. If you have the pc for it then go ahead and buy it! If you are still iffy about it turn back now because chances are you wont like it. I have learned from experience. Thanks for reading this guys happy gaming!Bloodfox 