Interesting these reports of crashing and the like. Ive had a rare crash during the splash screen ubisoft logo which I suspect is actually codec related but otherwise it runs grandly. 74 hours in and its a gorgeous experience of 19th century France.A few pet peeves to be sure but theyre minor and easily worked around. Sometimes Arno wont catch the exact spot I want him to catch during a parkour ascent or descent and will get me sometimes in trouble. Also, in a couple really cramped instances Arno was putting away his weapon instead of parrying or attacking. All of this is easily remedied by efficient bomb use and perhaps changing the setting of the fight if you are fighting at all.All in all I love the new fight system. It now feels fair as the NPCs have just as much an ability to kill you as you do them. You must be quick, attentive, and resourcful to win fights. Gear only helps mitigate your mistakes...and you will make mistakes. I love how the civilians will jump in from time to time and take some of the fire and steel off me. In fact in one particular mission I recall you can actually use several civs to start a riot, thereby allowing you a clandestine entrance to a certain location. This version of the series actually makes you have to plan your assaults, and I for one like the change from the almost superhero like fighting abilities from Conner to Shay. Those were all fun and great games, but the combat system wears thin after so many titles.Make no mistake, you will die alot at first, but you will learn if you stick with it.Windows 10 x64 Profesionali75820k4 GhzASROCK Extreme4 x991x850 EVO SSDZotac 980 Ti Amp Extreme16 GB DDR4Running on Ultra1080p. steamhappy Frame rate drops only happen to me when Im in the most peaceful area within Paris... your headquaters, which isnt so bothersome considering you arent in any danger.Never buy it? If youre not up to the challenge then byallmeans, stay away. From a veteran of all the games save the PSP one its fun and exciting. Wish more would use the voice feature to coordinate but for the most part, as long as you stick together and you come prepared read as inventory stocked you can still pull it off even if you suck.Remember, there is no shame in running to fight another time. If youre overwhelmed, use multiple bombs if you have to and run like the wind. 