Completely rewrighting the review, as I felt like the last one had a few lies in it.So, right off the bat Im going to say that this is definetly not as bad as people are saying it to be. It has everything most people want in a game, like combat, a good story, stealth, historical timeline, multiplayer, and the ability to customize your character, the list goes on and on. However it lacks some things too, like having a stable framerate, or a good civilian A.I. Throughout this review, I am going to go over all the key concepts you have to know.You play as Arno Dorian, a brand new Assassin introduced to the series. Arno at first is portrayed as a very innocent, curious, and daring young boy. After the death of his father he was then adopted and raised by Franois de la Serre, the grand master of the Templar Order. Many years later Franois is killed and Arno feels like what happened was completely his fault and fights for revenge, along with lise, Franois daughter, who is fighting for avengence. Theres only one catch, Arno is following his original fathers footsteps and becomes an Assassin, where as lise is following her father and becomes a Templar.Arno is almost like all the past Assassins combined. He is charming like Edward, can be funny like Ezio,  brutal like Connor, and respects the Assassin order like Altar. The result comes out great in my opinion.Most of the game takes place during the French Revolution. You will be able to see many real events, like the Reign of Terror, the Rise of Napoleon, and just plain out riots. One of my most favorite things is just to explore, and if you already have the game I  encourage  you to do it too. I have no goal at all, I just run. You will be able to see so many cool landmarks and events, Like crowds protesting infront of Notre Dame, or a crowd just sraight up flipping over a carriage. Its moments like these that can really make you just stop and stare at what a work of art this game is. that is of coarse if your game isnt lagging like crazySpeaking of lag, the game is definetly not the best PC port ever. I can still play it at a pretty steady framerate in most areas, but when I get infront of a very detailed building, Im seeing like 20 fps. I dont like to base reviews around how the game is on pc, and mainly just focus or the game itself, but this really effects the flow of the game. However, I am glad to see that Ubisoft is paying attention to us. A day before releasing this review a patch was released that fixed many bugs, and they said they are working on a more patches.Now onto the gameplay. Assassins Creed is known for there Parkour system. The last major improvement was shown in Assassins Creed 3, which really only changed the climbing, not the basic flow. But this feels like a entirely new game. Unlike past games, Assassins Creed Unity allows you to have more control over where you are going, and even adds the ability to climb down faster, which no matter what looks bad Parkour is not the only thing changed though, unlike what Assassins Creed has been doing by making combat easier, they made it extremely difficult this time around. Theres no counter attacks, no human shields, and no more wiping out a entire army with a pistol. This makes the game even better, you have to actually think about your next attack, instead of just mashing mouse 1. And Im not done yet. They also added the long awaited ability to crouch and hide behind cover. The cover system rarely works though, I will find myself mashing the space bar infront of a wall, just for Arno to hide against a chair or table. It didnt kill me to much, just really irritates me. Also, they got rid of the ability to pick up bodies, it would be great if I could be able to slide a body while crouched, and to pick it up while standing. I was expecting this but sadly did not get it.Onto what Ubisoft made the biggest deal about, the coop. Coop with friends is one of my most favorite things in games, and now its in one of my most favorite games. But does it work good is the question. Well, yeah, I guess. We all know by now that the game is VERY buggy, and Coop is even buggier. Sometimes you will be teaming up on one guy, then every one will preform a finishing move all at once, and freeze in place for a second. However, the coop has high replay value, and when everything does go smoothly, its one of the coolest things.My most favorite review of the game so far.ProsHarder combatIntense storyCoopInteresting charactersFast paced ParkourEmphasis on stealth If your into thatCostomizationA true Assassins Creed gameConsBad PC portWonky cover systemBuggyBuggyBuggyUplayAlso, theres something I must point out thatme off so much. So at the beginning they show this list of different Assassins and asks you to chose one. All of them are locked but one. Its really misleading and made me think the enire time that I was going to unlock and play a mission as Ezio with the new parkour system and graphics. This is just out of my stupidity so it doesnt effect the review, but just keep that noted because I know a lot of other people were fooled. 