Assassins Creed Unity is a thirdperson stealth actionadventure game with a hint of rpg elements such as skill points and gear stats, both introduced with this title. AC Unity follows in the line of Assassins Creed games first launched in 2007. The game is built losely on historical events and is a sequel to Assassins Creed V Rogue. The game, once again is set in an open world with improvements made since Black Flag  Rogue such as a rebuilt combat system and the introduction of the Phantom Blade which serves the same role of the Hidden Blade in previous games but adds the ability to fire a bolt at long distances. Another overhaul was made to the building scaling system which allows for easier climbing. The game also introduces Cooperative gameplay to the series allowing up to 4 friends to play mission together.Great looking graphics, smooth controls/gameplay, new improved combat system, more customization of characters, statistical gear choices, talent points, and did I mention the graphics?Poorly optimized is an understatement, requiring a 450 plus video card GTX 680/ Radeon HD 7970. Even with a GTX 780ti, your framerate can drop in the 30s with poorly optimized/glitched areas resulting in below 15 fps. If that wasnt bad enough, there is connection issues as well and freezes.Ubisoft has made numerous fixes to this game and it is now in a playable state so long as you have a video card that can support it DX11 and a minimum of 2gb of vram. I have done some testing and It is playable with a GTX 760 and runs very well with a GTX 960, averaging 4050 fps on mediumhigh settings. Had Ubisoft waited until they had finished this game to release it, despite the heavy system requirements, it would have been a great launch for those that met the system requirements. I still disagree that the game requires such heavy SR rather than optimizing the game for the majority of gamers out there. If they can spend the time to optimize for consoles, they should do the same for PC.I do love playing this game and have recently went back to replay the series due to the amount of fun I have had with Unity. If your system meets the requirements, I highly recommend giving this a try now that it plays well. It is too bad it took to the developers so long to patch game breaking bugs I and many others experienced during the first four months after release to fix the game. 