I avoided the game at initial release because I had just migrated to PC gaming with a new rig. I read the reviews and saw the bugginess in the game that just truly ruined it for me. I dont mind little bugs, they make the game more humourous. But when crashing is involved or it just keeps recurring, its hugely offputting.A few days ago I purchased it knowing its been patched and fixed. Its the only numbered Assassins Creed game I hadnt played and I know that Unity and Syndicate both dont seem to matter too much on the modernday storyline. Ubisoft even said they are a build up to something bigger .The campaign is a huge yawn. I dont much care for who lives or dies, but certain elements that were missed in previous games were great to see. An Assassins headquarters hidden underground. Thats really cool! Weve never really been treated to a proper, somewhat interactive HQ where all the Assassins do their business since AC 1.The combat is alright, except every 3 seconds youre getting shot in the bloody back. I would have to spend more time dodging than even landing a strike attempt in larger fights. This is good and bad though  it encourages you to be more stealthy in your approach, however it really annoys you when you just want to enjoy a bit of swordfencing or halbertfencing if thats your thing!.Customization is definitely the best. Im fanatical about the Assassin AND Templar outfits in all the previous games. Must be in touch with my feminine side!  It finally feels satisfying choosing some nice mixandmatch clothing and colours, weapons and so forth. Syndicate did fail on this later on... Ubisoft, bring this kind of customization back.Environment detail that is, what the NPCs are doing and interacting with are astonishing. You can spend a good couple of minutes idling, watching a pair of NPCs conversing over a cup of tea. In fact I did, and waited agonisingly for the looping animation to restart. I gave up. I was there for a good 2 minutes, which is a while for an animation loop, and no sign of the loop showing. OK not all the NPC animations are like that but even so, they contain great detail  people interacting with paper presses and such.Graphics  well ill keep it short. Stunning!All in all, the game is very well done in terms of sorrounding and featured content. Id give it around 85/100!Tips for the next AC game after Syndicate Syndicate combat for sure. Less shooting more melee. Make the campaign interesting, and much more lengthy than Unity. Lets hurry up with the modernday storyline. Weve had to deal with this yawn since AC 4. No more colourcoding the factions! Its understandable only with things like Redcoats and Bluecoats. I doubt this will happen judging by rumours but maybe another Templar POV? I loved Rogue. That inner Templar in me.