TLDR  Games crap. Dont bother, even on sale.Where to begin with Unity... It was released with gamebreaking bugs, unpolished gameplay, and microtransactions that attempted to profit off of a newly designed grind system that features three separate ingame currencies. Three years on, its a game thats full of gamebreaking bugs, unpolished gameplay, and microtransactions that attempt to profit off of a newly designed grind system that features three separate ingame currencies.What did Unity improve over Black Flag and previous Assassins Creed titles? It gives a distinct Free Run Up and Free Run Down mechanic. You hold one button while freerunning to try to keep Arno moving upward or you can have him descend to the ground or a lower level with another. That made free running a little more fluid than before and kept from having some of the most horrendous issues with controls in AC.Beyond that, Unity was a downgrade from Black Flag. UbiSoft did still continue its legacy of beautifully detailed environments giving you a wonderfully detailed version of Revolutionary Paris, as well as a side quest series in Belle Epoque Paris. Paris is filled with citizens in open revolt running wild, chanting, singing, challenging authority, and engrosses you in the era. The Templarsympathizers are now Revolutionary extremists who try to silence moderates by harassing them on the street.But this beautiful environment is ruined by a horrible system that controls everything else in the game. The game has you earn money Livres to buy the basic gear components such as your weapon, outfit, and consumables medicine, ammunition, bombs, shootable blades, etc.. You then need a separate currency, Assassin Points, to upgrade the gear to increase its stats a little bit. You also dont have the normal assassin skills that most assassins learn throughout the story. Arno is a very raw Assassin recruit, he joins at the very beginning of the game, and you learn the skills of an assassin, not through tutelage, but through the acquisition of skill points by completing missions and side quests. In previous AC games you learned skills as you went through the game. Now you just unlock them when you feel you need them. I guess it makes for a more varied experience, but theres so few items to choose from and many of them are locked behind progression gateways. Also a TON of the skills require 6 to 10 skill points and you only get 2 or 3 per mission. Things like double assassination and double aerial assassination are separate skills and require equally large investments. It just gets kind of ridiculous.The missions themselves are pretty uninspired and are all a mix of infiltrate this location, kill this person. The missions give you bonus objectives that in so many instances were completely out of context for the mission. In one mission you are assassinating the Grand Master of the Templar Order as he visits his troops in a cemetary. If you do some of the prep work which was a nice touch, you get a view of the circular route he will walk in the cemetary and you can hide in the best place to ambush him. It seems to me that the best way to do the mission is to hide, kill the guy, leave without being noticed, and celebrate your victory. For some reason, the mission wanted me to do 2 more cover assassinations. WHAT FOR??? Theres no reason to do that, at all. I didnt do it and I felt fine with it. I dont even know what doing those challenges did for you other than give you a sense of accomplishment, maybe? The story was pretty dull as well. Arno, the son of an important guy dont know exactly what he did, has his father murdered at Versailles in late 1700s France. Hes then raised by another aristocrat and is more or less kept as a servant, but given a comfortable lifestyle. His adopted father is murdered and Arno goes on a quest for revenge. Arno is more exciting than Altair and Connor, but lacks the polish of Ezio and Edward. Arno also has the ability to see the history of a victim after he assassinates them, for some reason. It just gives a new ability to the assassins that never existed before. Altair, Ezio, Connor, and Edward would have little chats with their victims and learn information sometimes, which was a little bit of suspension of disbelief since you just killed an important person and are having a deathbed confession with them when theyre surrounded by bodyguards, but thats not as bad as, I plunged a blade into you, let me see what you did.The outside the assassin story is youre a consumer of Abstergos new line of entertainment products, showing you the results of their Black Flag and Rogue Abstergo storylines. The Assassins hijack YOUR signal and show you an alterate reality that Abstergo doesnt want you to see. You dont even have a choice. You HAVE to do it. The Assassins also say, If you dont want to do this, go ahead and turn us off and go on playing your game. But you cant do that, at all. You have to press the button that throws you down the rabbit hole. It falls far from the story of Desmond Miles, who, while not the best of characters, was someone you got attached to and wanted to see succeed.Theres also a new Initiates system that might have been something great, but UbiSoft no longer supports the servers and I couldnt try it out, at all. I guess its no longer making money, so UbiSoft moved on to the next cash cow that probably existed in Syndicate and now exists in Origins.I know UbiSoft wont read this review or care what I have to say, but Unity is a prime example of the reason why I will not buy an UbiSoft game at full price. Your games are buggy messes with longer and longer grinds that include microtransactions to fuel peoples desire to be at the top as soon as possible. Its especially bad when the grind isnt that fun and forcing people to do it makes it worse. This encourages people to get trainers or use cheat programs to get around all of this. Its time to go back to what made Assassins Creed good, the base formula of Assassins Creed II. Every other UbiSoft game is following the tradition of Assassins Creed with microtransactions and regurgitating samey gameplay with creating a larger and larger reliance on these microtransactions to get through the game. Thankfully, the backlash has already begun thanks to Battlefront 2 2017 and hopefully future Assassins Creed titles beyond Origins will lessen up on the microtransactions, but with UbiSoft, you never know for sure. UbiSoft also has an issue with optimizing their games for PC. I have a really good gaming rig with a 8 GB Nvidia Titan Black that still cant get 30 FPS on Ultra settings. If I lower the graphics settings down even all the way down to High, I cant even break 60 FPS except on loading screens when I make around 600 FPS, even on Ultra.Edit Forgot to add, the game seemed to be a complete coop experience, like you could play the whole campaign with a friend or three. Nope. You can only coop sidequest missions and there are maximum players for several missions like 2 for several of them. It was a great chance for the system to go coop, which could have been AMAAAAAAAZINNNNNG, but UbiSoft dropped the ball, then didnt even bother to pick it back up again.