This game is not worth the 40 that they want from you. It isnt even worth the combined 50 adding the DLC. During some battles, the game decides Oh, this guy is going to live. Lets kill him by making him unable to see. He can look under the map instead of the enemy who would have died to him. Also the wall. That lovely wall. Forget the enemies you were fighting and are about to slash you. Look at that wall.There are also times in which the game decides Oh, that was a perfect headshot? Let me put an invisible chair above a chair and make it a wooden chair shot. Doesnt matter that you were obviously shooting above it. Completely destroys some missions when you want to have better rewards. You can also cut an enemy but it goes right through them without them being time frozen, which the time frozen bug will be explained slightly later. There are also times in which I was frozen in place with a gun. I couldnt move until an extremist hit me. Sometimes being hit doesnt do anything for you and you will die.You have guards and extremists spazzing for two seconds to an entire minute on the ground like worms crawling. They even go across an entire area crawl spazzing the entire way... WHILE DEAD. You cant loot them during this time. One wouldnt stop so I just left him to spazz the entire time while going to a different area. There are also times in which a dead extremist, which you looted, has their mouth moving still. My reaction wasnt why this existed. It was more What are they even saying? At least make your bugs work correctly if you are keeping them!You have a system that doesnt recognize double assassinations to a degree in which it should. Im looking at you messengers that clearly should be assassinated with one of your guard buddies You got extremists who decide to parry every attack you make and sometimes some extremists that decide, Oh, you were hitting me? I dont recall that. There was no sword going through my body for 3 seconds. I was time frozen. You cant hurt me. This entire game is a cesspool of bugs.The entire trash of a combat system this game has is even worse. The developers decided it was an intelligent idea to give you a slow sword in a game in which you can have fifteen extremists after you at once. This isnt mentioning this particular sword Rapier should actually be fast and accurate.You dodge one attack, you get shot by someone else. There is no avoiding bullets unlike Assassins Creed Syndicate. You better hope you use a crowd for a meatshield. And even then the bullets can go through them If you want a better combat system, suffer through most of the game first and buy some health upgrades and a better weapon Which will be a while. Otherwise this game becomes pot reliant, which is a joke for a game based on assassinations. Even then it takes about 56 seconds to loot ONE body. This is literally a waste of time. It has gotten to the point in which I rather shop than loot for the common medicine.I love the parry system. The dodge system is a joke. I dont want to distance myself from my prey. I want to kill them. Stop making me roll away. I dont need them pulling a gun on me while I have other people keeping me from closing the distance on the gunner. Dodging also makes you vunerable to attacks. Remember guys professional assassins are experts at parrying but not dodging is the pesudo logic I got from this games developers just based on the defense system alone.The actual assassinations would be okay if you could whistle, but they decided to eliminate that concept. Instead, they added a distraction that is temporary. In other words, its reliant on how much you have on hand. In the middle of a mission, this is a major annoyance that is extremely unreliable. You are better off going in and being detected and have them investigate. They get close, dont get me wrong. However, not close enough to the actual sound and location. Smoke doesnt always work either. This makes and breaks many of your battles. You blind them but somehow they can see you at times. The sight range of some enemies are rediculous as well. You can be 20 feet away from someone who has NOTHING to do with the mission and they will ALERT the MISSION area.The game has the potential to crash randomly. Still apparently One of my friends had their copy crash around seven times in a row before they could actually get in again to do ONE mission. Mine crashed around five times during different points of the game. It got really irritating after a while.This game is a disgrace. The game came out with death inducing bugs and still has death inducing bugs. I would get Syndicate instead. At least those bugs are tolerable. Only get this game if you like worms. The crawling spazzing dead animated humans are amusing. 