This is the first AC game I couldnt bring myself to finish. I liked most of AC1, a LOT of AC2, nearly all of Brotherhood, much less of Revelations, a small chunk of AC3, most of AC4 and loved Rogue.Though none of the games in the series are perfect Unity definitely flies furthest from that goal with an insane amount of bloat and zero polish. I tried to play the game twice, both well after initial release. The first time after just finishing Rogue and the second time months later after I felt like I could really get myself into an AC game again. Both times I stopped with the thought whats the point?To me, Assassins Creed has always been my go to game to scratch an itch. An itch to complete. In a way, I treat AC games like a project where my goal is to reach that satisfying 100 feeling  starting from being a moderately badass assassin into a full blown super killing machine, collecting thingymabobs, looting chests, running rooftops, capturing territories and killing waves of fools in ultimate style. Unity definitely doesnt lack things to do, but absolutely destroys any fun in doing them.Side content is more plentiful and more pointless than ever with most chests and sidemissions providing scraps of money for completing them and little more than a couple of lines of NPC dialogue to go with the latter. The Murder Mystery and Nostradamus missions were more enjoyable to solve provided you didnt look up solutions online but again provided lackluster rewards. Often the game would tell me to upgrade my gear before attempting a mission that gave me... the same level of gear recommended to complete it. You can, of course, ignore these warnings about gear level and complete these missions anyway, but even if the gear you get is better than you current stuff it wont matter for very long, which brings me onto my biggest problem with Unity.Balance. Its all ing over the place excuse my french, hoho. Unity seems to have attempted to revamp its equipment system to work more along the lines of lootingfocused games or MMORPGs every bit of equipment is given a rating out of 5 stars which determine its general tier of usefulness. Armour pieces even have some more interesting stats tied to them like running noise or extra ammunition carrying which should, in theory, allow some personalisation of style. The problem is that the progression of this gear is entirely botched. A few hours into the game Id bought a 4star weapon and was one shotting every guard in sight while before I was being pleasantly challenged by large groups of enemies.Moreover, despite this wide array of gear promoting personal playstyle it seems Unity actually provides fewer combat tools than ever to change up the way you play. Combat in AC games has never been difficult, but at least each new release gave me a few more ways to kill my enemies efficiently or stylishly. Changing from using a sword to a short dagger, then disarming a polearm dude and sweeping the guy with the big axe off his feet then smashing someones head in with a counter attack and finally throwing a knife into back of that cowardly guard that tried to run was FUN. You could certainly make the combat boring by just holding the counter button down but the point is being better at the game meant being a cooler killing machine. In Unity, I hit people until their health bar hits 0 then try not to hit them again so i have to watch the same finishing animation regardless of the weapon I chose  all while rolling about like a maniac trying to get close enough to the guy whos decided to walk back and shoot me.Its easy to see the scope that Ubisoft wanted to achieve with Unity. Hundreds of weapons, armour pieces, sidemissions, coop, hiests, and a massive realistic city. But it feels like no one actually sat down and played it, because Unity doesnt feel like a fun game with endless content. It feels like a chore, wading through endless unpolished content, hoping to see light at the end of the tunnel and be done with all this crap clogging up my experience.All I can say is that Im glad I never played before they patched out the need for using the companion app or their initiates program because social chests in AC4 were already rubbing me the wrong way. Its weird because Ubisoft all but scrapped the modern day gameplay in Unity I actually liked those sections, by the way but instead of focusing on the history and story they spent all their time moving that modern day gameplay into actual annoying IRL rubbish. Something which no one ever asked for, and as Im sure they know now, no one likes. 