Pros Visually a beautiful game Coming back to an expansive urban setting was welcome Plentiful amount of weapons and armors Arno  Elise are the best characters since Ezio Auditore At its core theres a good story hereCons Even after Patch 5 the game doesnt run as well as it should Locking a quarter of the weapons and armor behind coop missions Horrible attempt to integrate the Companion App and Initiates Combat is challenging but more frustrating and nonsensical than anything else Utter lack of a modern storyarc Lack of focusThe Bottom LineIt honestly pains me to say that this is the first Assassins Creed game that I cannot recommend. Obviously if youre a series fan youre going to play it anyway but for those with a more casual interest? Skip this chapter, you can find something else to sink 60  90 hours into.I wont babble on about the horrid launch or how technical issues plagued the game for the first couple months  thats in the past and most serious issues have been ironed out. At this point, its current state is the best youre going to get and as long as youve got the hardware you should be ok.I also wont go on about how much the Companion App/Initiates and the locking of gear behind Coop missions was a questionable and downright annoying choice. Thats pretty clear as it is.However what I will emphasize as being the biggest flaw of Unity is its complete lack of focus on what matters. Assassins Creed 3 started a trend that has become more and more chaotic as the franchise has gone on. What am I referring to? Collectibles, side missions, and other distractions. While its true that moreorless every Assassins Creed game has featured these elements, before AC 3 they were done in moderation. The focus was firmly on the story  its events and characters. Treasure chests, eagle feathers, and Templar Knights were there for those that wanted achievements/trophies, and side missions were few and far between and usually expanded upon or branched off from the main storyline or were simple and fun like the platforming missions in Assassins Creed 2.Yet after Assassins Creed 3 there was this significant push to fill the gameworlds with distracting extras. Suddenly we needed to collect hundreds of treasure chests and animus fragments, or carry out territory wars all over the place for a modest increase in our income. More and more the focus shifted from the stories these games wanted to tell and we found ourselves coming back to the next memory sequence with a hazy idea of what was happening and who these characters both our own and the supporting cast even were. This created a large disconnect between the player and the story/characters, suddenly Assassins Creed was more about naval battles and treasure hunting and less about the timeless struggle between Templar and Assassin.Unity takes this disconnect, this lack of focus, to all new heights. It wants us to pay attention, wants us to get invested in Arno and Elises quest for revenge, the useless and static French Brotherhood, the Templar civil war, and how these play against the backdrop of Revolutionary France but then it throws distraction after distraction at you. Play Coop!, Use the Companion App!, Play through our 50 Paris Stories and Murder Mysteries!, Tackle theives and kill criminals hundreds of times for a reward!, Find that random treasure chest that unlocks that weapon/armor!, and so on and so on.Simply put Unity lacks focus and it pays the price for that. Unity will fatigue you, it will annoy you, it will frustrate you.6 Phrygian Caps out of 10 