TLDRof the issues are fixable, the game is not totally lost,Ubisoft continues work on the game and updates it.This game had a lot of promise and was described as a game that would breathe new life into the tired franchise, similar to CoD Advanced Warfare, but Unity seems to be just another generic following the same formula all Ubi games follow. I was a huge fan of Assassins Creed, but seeing what the franchise has been turned into, this will be the last AC I purchase unless Ubisteps up their game.Movement Arnos movement does seem a bit slower than previous games, but it is a tradeoff, giving Arno more control so when youre running, you can make a quicker turn. The game has somewhat fixed the parkour system, where you now can hold a button to do your freerunning, and if you hold Space, youll continue to freerun but Arno will move a bit higher along whatever youre scaling as he gets the chance. If you hold E while running along a building, Arno will move lower as he gets opportunities where he will not receive damage, though moving down is a bit buggier and a lot quicker than moving up. On a couple occasions, moving town a building like a tower, Arno need to do a 90 degree turn in one direction, but instead does a 270 degree turn the other way, clipping right through the building and spinning strangely, ending up where he was supposed to. When its not doing things like that, it isnt too bad, but moving lower is very abrupt, where you will randomly just leap off a ledge or something to some platform way below you, but just high enough you dont take damage. Sometimes Arnos hands will clip through ledges he is holding onto, because the building is designed to have a ledge that sticks out farther visually than it really does.Combat The repetitive combat, composed of waiting until an enemy attacks, hit your counter button and get a counter kill, rinse and repeat until all enemies are dead, its partially fixed. Now Arno will actually do a parry that cant be easily interrupted by other actions you want to do means you cant mash your counter button repeatedly. When an enemy attacks, his health bar flashes yellow, indicating your window to counter and get an attack in. Your movement and also your enemies during combat feels slower, actions taking much longer, and it feels like you and your enemies weapons have weight to them, and it looks alright, but makes combat a lot more difficult, seeing as you can get hit while attacking someone else. There is a dodge mechanic that either you or an enemy can do, rolling on the ground, which takes a bit more skill but is not worth using due to how buggy it is. Depending on when you roll back, if an enemy was trying to attack yoy, sometimes they will jump through the air an impossible distance to still managing to hit you from far away. An enemy can also roll, but its reversed for them, in that an enemy rolling  canhit them, and the enemies love to roll in small rooms an enemy can be corned in a room and continually roll, not moving in the actual room, simply doing a rolling animation while staying in place, forcing you to go back to waiting until they attack, countering, getting a hit in and going from there.Customization The customization no longer requires you to go a shop or blacksmith, etc. to get new equipment, it is done by going to some menu when you pause the game and viewing your character and changing your equipment which changes your stats and you also look different. Your hood, jacket/coat, pants, shoes, gloves and weapons can all be changed which will change how Arno looks, and the perks are a bit more specific, listing things like your suspicion decreasing a certain percentage more or less. The issue with the way the important information is listed is that, rather than doing small icons or diamonds that are filled and will tell you Oh this sword does 7 out of 8 diamond things of damage, they now use meters which are filled certain amounts, so when you compare lots of weapons to see which is better, you get confused, thinking Oh this swords metre thing is pretty full, compared to that other sword that was really full but I think that other sword that was mostly full is better. You need to buy these weapons and equipment using Francs, which is strange, considering there is no store so your money isnt really goinganyone, it just disappears. If you want to bypass this, you can spend Helix Points, this strange currency that you acquire by spending realworld money, which seems very unnecessary. The game is singleplayer/coop, but theres no PvP where you want to be better or stronger than someone else, you have no need to have a sword better than your friend, it just seems like a random idea that was thrown in later to make more money.Graphics/Performance/Optimization Nothing really special thats consistent through the game. Certain areas perform incredibly well, some drop you into single digit framerates, some stuff looks great, some areas look terrible, etc. I am currently running the game with an i7 4770K and a 780 Ti, using the latest Nvidia drivers which includes providing the best experience for Unity, if anything performancewise changes, I will make sure to update this. The graphics options are not particularly expansive, but most settings are Low  Medium  High  Very High  Ultra High, and I can mostly get 60fps on Very High with 2x MSAA. The game mostly uses two models for everything, one being pretty good, the other being pure PS1 quality, at first making me question if my video card was defective. The game seems to be using these lowerdetail models when youre farther away from them, but it switches to them much too soon. You can look down the street, see the first two buildings look pretty good, but the third looks awful. The cutscenes will focus on faces most of the time, and the faces look rather good in these, but your framerate plummits when you get very close to their face, and the rest of the stuff in the cutscene looks horrible. NPC popin and smaller objects pop in everywhere, and some people will magically appear once youre within a few metres of them, and some groups of people appear in the distance but you still see them pop in, and its quite jarring. In a small room that had many NPCs, they all looked terrible, and I will include pictures below, and sometimes one would bump into another, and one NPC would suddenly be standing on anothers shoulder or head. A lot of these visual issues seem like they can be fixed, hopefully.Story So far the story has been a bit uneventful, spending about 20 minutes with Arno as a child much better than AC3 being a young Connor for hours and jumping to Arno as a young adult. So far Arno is aware of the Assassins and has poked some fun at them, which is a nice break from the games taking the Assassins vs Templars so seriously, but Im not overly interested in this story at the moment, so I will play more and update this.Collectibles/Smaller things Ubi seems to be trying to take a singleplayer/coop game a very social experience, and it doesnt seem to be done very well. I walked up to a chest, and upon interacting with it, was told I needed the Assassins Creed Unity Companion App, and there was no explanation following it. I went to a different chest and was told I needed Assassins Creed Initiates again, no explanation. I went to another chest and was told I need more Nomad points, and wasnt sure what that was, so I went to a fourth chest and was told my lockpicking skill wasnt high enough to open this chest. It seems an inconvenience, since you have toplaying the game, so you can do somethingthe game?Summary A currently broken but mostlyfixable game. Hopefully Ubi updates the game, some things are fixable but the microtransactions and apps/web games just seem shoehorned in. 