OK just so that im clear before i say anything i was not hired to say this or any of that sort of thing. Now to start off i gotta say i love this game already i preordered it months back and im glad i did this game has already surpassed what i thought it was going to be. I have been playing ac games since brotherhood and ive been buying them all from that point on. The ac series are one of the few series that i can actually count on nowadays to publish excellent games with awesome new features and gameplay mechanics. Now to get to ac unity first off i read the most helpfull reviews on steam and all i have to say is why??????? why are their sooooo many bad reviews on this game i have an asus rog laptop with an itel i7 and an nvidia geforce gtx 770m and i run this game around 50 frames despite the not so prefect port. Honestly when i first started the story it wasnt all that fun untill i actually reached the point where i could customize my assassin and play coop. The coop in this game is way better than i expected cause i kept looking at the e3 gameplay trailer and thught that is awesome but can we limited to small coop missions NOPE in coop you have the freedom to do whatever kinda reminds me of gta online you can free roam, find chests and its up to 4 player online. This is an amazing feature that you can roam the streets of paris with friends and im not quite too sure why this wasnt said in the e3 trailer. Anyways customization is fantastic when i got this game i thought ill be able to maybe change the color and like 5 hoods to choose from an 7 chests NOPE this game has so many customizations option and tons of colors the weapons are designed really nice and they allow for a better coop for example you may have a heavy axe and your character can have a lot of health to match where as a friend may have less health and more stealth to be some sort of scout. Now frame rate and graphics wise i already said my hardware and fps at around 50 and i set the game on medium graphics settings with vsync of course off and the game is not very laggy and looks spectacular. And i know not everyone i going to agree with me on that last thing because not everyone has a good gpu or they lag on the game so they think its junk. Come on guys dont hate on a game just cause your pc cant handle i know this even happens with consoles but come on dont hate on it becuase of frame rate or bugs that you know they will fix. One last thing ive heard people talking about major crashes and bugs but i havent really seen these although my friends rarley fall through the map or they crash after hours of gameplay but no game is perfect and a lot of these next gen games for pc tend to crash the new cod. I hope this helps you make a descision as to whether or not to buy this game but i highly recomment this to fans of the ac series just make sure you pc can run it this site can help you find that out. 