The following contains spoilersThe gameplay is okay. I thoroughly believe that this game along with Syndicate have some of the best parkour elements with how seemless it is compared to the earlier games. The animations just flow together, making it feel more natural. However, I believe that the combat is meh. Sometimes, the sword and heavy weapon play feel very sluggish at times. While you get some satisfaction out brutally murdering your enemies, it feels like a chore. It doesnt really feel based on skill, rather about making your character as OP as possible to beat them easily. Thats another thing about this game. Its either too easy because youre too OP or its too hard because the AI beats you based on level not skill. The worst part is when then they try to push these coop missions. I dont know about everyone else, but when I try to play alone, it says I cant. I really wish the game would have catered those missions to both single player and multiplayer, but that just nitpicking at this point.The graphics are top notch and I love the detail that went into this open world. The beauty of France in this game is top notch and I was blown away by the beautiful skyline, the realistic weather effects, and the realistic details that went into each building and street. However, good graphics dont make a good game. The performance I got with this game is 50/50. I played on 1440p, high settings, V sync off on a 980 Ti. On most of the game, I got a consistent 60 fps. It never went above which makes me wonder if Ubisoft capped the game due to its terrible performance at launch. However, in other scenes, it would would sometimes dip to the 40s, mid 30s. But credit to Ubisoft, due to the frame pacing, it was a smooth experience. But its still disappointing that this game didnt run at a smooth 60, at least.One thing Assassins Creed always had was a crap ton of missions to do throughout all of its open worlds. However, most of them arent all that great. Most missions just have you doing the same things over and over. Kill this guy, kill that guy, destroy this, destroy that. I wish that instead of having multiple missions doing the same thing, we got less missions with more substance. Id rather play a mission that is memorable rather than the average Oh, take out this Templar base or Kill this guy for no reason other than we couldnt come up with a better way to implement this. Its just fodder for completionists.You may have noticed I havent talked about the story and theres good reason for that. It sucks. You play as Arno Victor Dorian, Templar kills off family member, Assassin gets revenge, yada, yada, yada. Rather than playing to bring justice, youre playing for a vendetta. And its not even the reason you become an assassin. Arno becomes an assassin because his girlfriend is a Templar, kicks him out because he didnt deliver a message to her father, warning him about his death simply because he was too busy flirting with Elise. He proceeds to join the brotherhood, break every rule in said brotherhood, and become a master assassin, somehow. Elise and Arno make up, take down the new Templar order and kill the bad guy. Honestly, Arno is the worst assassin ive ever played as. He breaks every rule in the brotherhood, he never consults said brotherhood about any of his actions, and he whines. A LOT.  He makes Altair look better in comparison. This story is just bad and only done to imitate French love stories.Overall, this game is a 6/10. I only recommend playing if you care about the gameplay more than the story. However, if you want a good story, youre better off getting Assassins Creed 2. I prefer gameplay which is the only reason I recommend this game.