This is a tricky one. If you can get it under 5 sure its worth it. But theres so much wrong with this game its hard to argue its worth anything more. For starters they dumbed down the controls. Often I found myself stuck in a circle of jumping when I just wanted to use a damn ladder. AC III and Black Flag I felt had a good control system but they added this intuitive control system that has you jumping on walls for no reason and unable to drop to the ground when you hit the drop button. If I want to take fall damage thats my freaking choice. Its maddening every single time and the game is full of it. The only bright side is I have yet to run across any serious race missions, though the modern day dont want to spoil it may turn into that later on. Im still relatively early in the game.Combat does a similiar thing too. In ACI  IV I felt I could basically deal with any threat as long as I was fast with my block and my attacks. I lose all this in Unity. Every swing can hit, my target randomly changes, I have no awesome moves like in the other games and the combat feels like a drop down to ACI in keeping it simple  too simple.Even after all these patches, that I waited for before I bought the game, the game still has floating NPCs and full of bugs. I had my psychic lady get caught between two NPCs walking the opposite way and dragged all the way across the district for example.The game is also a step back. It feels more like it should have been released before ACIII though the graphics are great and detail amazing. In ACIII and Black Flag you were building a commuity, manning warships, etc. Youre stuck mainly in one city, granted the city is huge and theres probably 100 hours of content but thats all there is. Yes, the game is still open world, but it feels closed when compared to the open seas of Black Flag and the vast wilderness and warfields of III.And Dead Kings DLC pops up after Sequence 3 I believe but it takes place after Sequence 12, so here I am thinking Ill be playing it chronologially and enter with mainly default gear against 5 star baddies with no way to return. For some reason Im rescuing a kid and a book, the storyline is never really flushed out. Eventually you can return after you beat memory 2 of it but it gives minor spoilers.Oh, and almost forgot. They have this new feature that lets you solve crime. Fun stuff, but the box that you need to read things is CONSTANTLY being filled up with tips and information about where youre at. I literally waited ten minutes for these tips to disappear on the Marat murder before I gave up. The thing wouldnt let me read the clues.Update I went ahead and continued playing, figuring why not. I even was tempted to change to recommend at times. I enjoy the Assassins Creed universe so I wanted to see this chapter when right before memory 12 the save game wont load. 56 hours of progress gone.