I played this game when it was released on ps4 and I was amazed by how all the mechanics were changed, the combat was challenging again and the new free running was beautiful.The customization is another great addition to the game, you can just get the gear that suits your playstyle. And you can change it at almost any moment in the game.The story wasnt my favorite thing of the game at first, but that changed the second time I played through the game.The map is amazing, it is  very big and you can go and explore every single bit of it, including many interiors not from special buildings, but interiors from normal houses.If you dont like the main missions, there are plenty of other things you can do murder mysteries, assassin missions or just exploring the map. Another new thing that is added to the game, is the coop gameplay. Not many people were fond of it, but with friends and good communication you can have a great time.That was the first time I played it. One year later I decided do play it again. This time on pc.At first I had some issues getting the game to finally work and not crash every 15 minutes. But when it worked I was amazed all over again, maybe even more than the first time. I like Unity over Syndicate to be honest, Syndicate doesnt feel as smooth as Unity feels. Unity feels unique when you play it, but Syndicate doesnt have that feeling.The thing Unity has, is the ability to hide your hud by pressing a button. I started this second playthrough and decided to play it without the HUD. And I must say its even better than playing with the HUD on. I dont rely on my kinimap anymore, but on what I see and because I cant see my healthbar I have to be stealthy at all times and avoid conflict as much as possible. It makes the main missions way more intense and you get a nice satisfied feeling when you completed a mission without dying over and over again. For me it made me like the story better than my first playthrough. The other thing you have without the HUD is the beauty of the game, this game all AC games have this to be honest looks amazing, its so cool to just walk the streets of Paris and enjoy the scenery.I know this game got some bad comments from people who didnt like the coop and/or the story, but theres so much more than that to it than those two things. Theres the new combat system, the new free running, character customisation, tons of side missions, a gigantic an beautiful city to explore and many more things that make this game amazing. 