tldr  Another overhyped, rushed, unplayable piece of trash. The developers should be embarassed. Assassins Creed, ish. Frenchies lel CoOp Nifty companion app Customization..ish Once, I took a sht on a piece of paper, just to see what it would look like and, I dont like to brag, but... I basically created the storyboard of this game. Get drunk and do parkour IRL, while shouting MON DIEU, thats the controls for the improved parkour in this game. Smash your face on a keyboard repetitively, thats the combat. Stick your dck in an ethernet cable socket, thats the UPlay connection and it probably works better js. Make the most  face you can imagine, then literally pull your facial skin off your body, theres the nextgen expressions and fun bugs. Pretend to be jesus, walk on air over the river, more parkour bugs. Have fun, jk it crashed again. Take a knife, and stab a frog from Turok Evolution, thats the shtty overdone gore that gets on your outfit or theirs from being hit once. Spyro has better textures than the weapon previews in the customization menu. AND draw distance for that matter  Run headfirst into a wall repeatedly to emulate getting stuck in this game. Fall straight through a building after fast traveling to die and respawn at the exact same place. Stick your pinky in a blender, simulate the smashing of shift key because there is no faster running, just pressing hardeRRR. Play a Perfect World run game, spend money on microtransactions that are forced into your rectal and retinal area, and you basically get this games immersionbreaking greedfest.How did this game even make it through QA??? Did you even QA test it? Like seriously what the  those are REALLY obvious failures. As developers and publishers, do yourself a favor and just sell the rights of AC to EA next time, this was a ing embarassment to your company.I swear to god if DA Inquisition is this much of a up on release I will hire real Assassins or Inquisitors to burn both Biowares and your studio down. EDIT Meant to add Bioware in there, was too busy shtting bricks at this fcking game 