Youve probably heard about all of the DLC, tieins, and technical nonsense that has been plaguing the launch. But even looking past those things, its hard to find the silver lining here.For a series that is supposed to be about climbing, stealth, and combat, this latest installment of the series somehow made those things worse. My strategy toward the end of the game was 1 run into middle of several guys, 2 spam attack, smokebomb, and health.They said they improved combat, but they made it worse. Let me explain once youve triggered combat, you cant do any lowprofile things anymore until your alert is lowered. So trying to easily perform an assassination when you arent necessarily in the midst of combat is impossible.Due to the new death physics and fancy finishing moves why were these added? you cant do a dang thing until that body hits the ground and stays there.Climbing is as awful as ever. Heres the big, beautiful city of Paris, and here you are stuck to a wall unable to move like a freakin idiot. The whole accidental jumping thing doesnt happen anymore. You just get stuck to the wall. Let me tell you, when running from guards, I would prefer to take that leap of faith no pun intended than get shot at.The stealth hasnt advanced at all. Theres really no incentive to do it, because you can always kill everyone in every scene. Unless its a mission requirement or bonus achievement, theres no point to it.The side missions are boring. Theres nothing new and exciting to do, except for the mystery missions, which dont make a whole lot of sense and require a lot of running around.The modern day plot has been put on hold  youre just playin a virtual reality game, getting tips from modern day assassins. Theres no point to it.The actual historical plots pacing is absolutely awful. And theres not enough to make any sense of it. Its a revenge story where you meet some historical characters in the process, but they never play any meaningful part. The assassins arent the cornerstone of the story, or even the ageold Assassin v Templar narrative. Even the main character doesnt play a meaningful part. I barely cared until 20 hours in, where it finally took an interesting turn.The voice acting doesnt help. The main dialog is all in British, while some conversations heard are in French. The main dialog, strangely, still throws in Frenchisms like merci. If you played AC3, this game may trigger your PTSD.There is some timetravel fun to be had. You climb the Eiffel tower during WW2, and go back to midieval times. Unfortunately, these are short sequences and simply remind me of other, more fun games  The Saboteur and the original Assassins Creed.Now, the less crappy stuff.The companion mobile app does not have an option to be played ingame like AC4. I tried pulling out my phone. Its annoying and not worth the effort. Unfortunately, these locked blue chests in the game will taunt me forever.There are new missions that can only be played multiplayer and there are lockables that only unlock if you multiplayer.There are chests that only open if you have the other games. I have the other games. The chests did not open. I presume that will be fixed.They let you hack upgrades by paying real money. Honestly, this doesnt bother me so much, except for the fact that I cant imagine anyone getting into this game enough to want to pay more for it.In summary, ACUnity feels like a really bad indie game with huge budget. The graphics are great! There are tons of useless minigamelike things! But wheres the beef? It feels like nobody is making sure the game is coherent as a whole. Ubisoft has kind of cornered themselves here they cant make a game this big as polished on a yearly release schedule as they did earlier games in the series, but if they make the game smaller or the release schedule longer, they face other consequences.In the future, Ubisoft needs to 1 polish the core mechanics of the game, 2 pay for good writing, 3 put someone in charge of pacing. If they cant fix these things, the series is going to fall apart and stop being a cash cow.Pros Another AC game! Paris! Graphics!Cons Everything. This game died a death of a thousand needles. 