Ok so this was a really, really, ridiculously hard choice to reccomend or not for me personally. On the one hand, I played this game on PS3 when it first came out and loved it, but over the years I couldnt understand why it got such bad reviews and is heralded by many as the worst AC in the series. Then I bought it on sale about a month ago.. but more on that in a moment. It has hands down the best and most accessable parkour in the series before Syndicate which just grandathers Unitys directly in, some moves like the roll to the side when vaulting onto a roof from the edge are exactly the same, and the story really isnt that bad, not as cool as Italy and Ezio and his saga but it rivals Edward Kenways story and I found it more fun than sailing an empty sea to several small islands that somehow feel all the same.Now the bad. I bought it knowing my computer can handle games up to witcher 3 and fallout 4 with over 100 mods and figured Id have much more power than needed, easily surpassing the recommended harware of yesteryear. I figured wrong? It consistently crashed at every chance it had and I spent far too long trying to get it to run for more than 5 minutes, voiding my return window when at 2.5 hours I finally gave up and tried twice! to get my money returned to my steam wallet, which honestly is just asking to spend my money on something else and should only be restricted by like a 3 day window in my opinion buuuuut and this is a big but, I could only get it to run when yesterday I upgraded my cpu and gpu to DOOM and Battlefield 1 levels.. Now it runs great on Ultra for absolutely no reason whatsoever! So as a game I would definitely reccomend it, its awesome and one of the better AC games out there, but if youre like me and on a budget maybe play something not made by Ubisoft on youre becuase it seems as though they hate AMD and willon youre machine if you havent poured an extensive amount of money into it, or dust off the old PS3 and play it because yeah I like this game and do as I say, I am god, have a nice day.P.S. its prolly the stock cooler on my cpu but damn this game is like 5 years old and it makes the fans scream for mercy when I play this and thats just stupidiculous, alright night night. 