Assassins Creed Unity is a thirdperson open world game developed and published by Ubisoft. The game was released in November 2014. You play as Arno Dorian, a servantturned Assassin who participates in the fight against the Templar Order during the French Revolution in the late 1700s.Unity features a good campaign. It mashes a main storyline with the openworld formula that includes various sidemissions and feature various districts, or suburbs. The main story has very good storytelling, marking for a very strong narrative. I will provide a quick background, Arno is the son of Charles Dorian, an Assassin who was assassinated by Shay Cormac in Assassins Creed Rogue. Franois de la Serre, the grandmaster of a division within the Templar Order, adopts Arno and raises him in Versailles. The campaign begins with an forgettable and uninformative introduction, which very briefly explains to an Initiate they will be playing as Arno in the new Animus. Unity lacks any modern storyline as in the previous games other than youre in the Abstergo headquarters.Regarding the actual main missions, I believe they are a stepup from prior AC games. Unity excels in allowing freedom of approach to these missions, as for example, in prior AC games if you were tailing a character and get spotted, you would fail the mission, whereas in Unity, it alters the nature of the mission without you failing it. Each mission has opportunities that assist you in completing your mission. For example, one mission has an opportunity where you need to steal poisoned wine that has been delivered to the palace, allowing you to sneak up and poison the enemy characters wine. So, these new approaches and opportunities freshen up the gameplay and enjoyment of the missions.As written, the campaign is good and there is a very good story, however similar to the most helpful review for this game at present, there is too much online content. There is two different types of coop sidemissions that have interesting objectives, but unfortunately I couldnt play them, which will be a theme for new owners. Otherwise, there is a nice variety of sidemissions that are both entertaining and different. Among some of the side missions, there is Paris Stories, featuring ministorylines within Paris. There is Murder Mysteries, where Arno plays detective and investigates murders and finds the culprit. Lastly, there is Helix Rift missions, which tasks Arno to rescue Assassins stuck in simulations. Compared to previous AC games, Unitys sidemissions are diverse and add some enjoyment into the game. However, one type of side mission incorporates the Companion App, which was patched out of the game. These missions were a gimmick and are useless because it granted you rewards for the App, therefore, Ubisoft kept the missions in but patched out the rewards for the Companion App.I want to quickly discuss renovation and upgrades. In the AC series, I like building and equipment renovations. For instance, I loved the renovation system in AC Rogue because you had the ability to upgrade and renovate your base and ships and there were visual differences and rewards for what you upgraded. Its a small thing that I immensely love. In Unity, you can upgrade your weapons and purchase skills, purchase Social Clubs, which were abandoned taverns, and renovate your Caf Theatre. I like that there were more benefits for upgrading your weapons in this compared to previous games. And, I like the idea of purchasing social clubs and renovating your Caf. But, as I love renovation and visual difference, I feel Ubisoft missed an opportunity to create a proper renovation system similar to Rogue because upgrading your Caf does not provide any major visual difference, it only just opens rooms that were previous nonaccessible. So, I personally would have liked Unity to have an upgrade system that actually improves the quality and alters the design of buildings.Another little feature that I love in the AC Series is the database. Unitys database includes information about characters, locations, landmarks, and newspapers. The content in the newspapers changes as the game progresses. As usual, Unity does the database really well and I enjoyed reading the information. My only negative was the little and unnecessary statements that would randomly appear on the databases information, which usually has a  next to the statement.Lastly I will very briefly discuss gameplay. Unity features different animations, new gameplay mechanics, and a new movement system. In Unity, you must unlock new skills for you to use instead of having access to all at the beginning. For instance, you have to unlock double assassinations or have to unlock environment blending. I believe this small change has big effect on the game, as you need to decide how to play the game because you do not have everything unlocked at your disposal. Otherwise, I liked the new movement system. Movement overall feels more fluid than previous games, as it feels like less of a hiccup to navigate through the areas. I credit the new parkour system to this because it feels smoother to pass objects or pass large crowds. On the contrast, I dont like the climbing system, as declimbing buildings is clunky and it just is a pain to do.Unity utilises three cities of Paris, Versailles and Franciade. The city of Versailles showcases the beginning of the campaign and also where Arno grew up. Franciade is where you play the Dead Kings DLC. It is one district bigger than Versailles and incorporates diverse landscapes, notably the church and cemetery in one district and a big farm and quarry in another district. Furthermore, it has much more of a focus on underground exploration in tunnels and quarries. Paris is the main location in the game. It features six districts that have subdistricts within it. The city excels in its design because each subdistrict is different in its buildings, behaviour of individuals, and socioeconomic status. For instance, the districts in Le Louvre has a variety of middle and rich class individuals who dress elegantly and showcase different behavioural attitudes, such as movement, compared to the subdistrict of Les Invalides that has more of a military focus with many revolutionaries and French troops in bases. With military AI, the only difference was the difficulty of those enemies in each subdistrict, so there was nothing special in regards to military in each area.All cities in Unity look beautiful and the games graphics are remarkable. I loved the attention to detail on the landscape and in the variety of characters. I have the specs on my profile, so I managed to play Unity at max graphical settings at mostly 60FPS, I never dipped lower than 55FPS and when I dropped below 60FPS, it was very quick.Unity had a lot of controversy regarding bugs at launch. Unfortunately, I still noticed a ton of bugs. Specifically, I encountered a variety of gameplay bugs, particularly movement bugs. I noticed a decent amount of graphical issues, but not as bad as it was near launch. Overall, the encountered bugs were annoying, but it would not keep me from purchasing this game.AC Unity is an overall enjoyable game. It features a fun story. All cities are all beautiful and have unique traits that separates the cities and districts look and feel. There are a variety of issues, but it is in a good and playable state. I recommend this on sale or at any price under USD30.7.5/10If you found this review helpful, please give it a thumbs up. If you would also like to follow my reviews more easily, be sure to join my group.