I really wanted to like this game. I REALLY DID, but everywhere I look I find things they screwed up on. The frame rate is awful which makes picklocking much harder than it needs to be, Ive gotten stuck in hay baskets, fallen into buildings or just through the ground altogether, and even lost items that I had already unlocked. In addition, there are chests everywhere you cant open unless you download their stupid app and play it a bunch and the app is awful. THEN they also have in game currency that you can BUY with real money called Hack up to 99 worth. Seriously?. And dont even get me started on CoOp. Connection is terrible, host migration takes forever, and gameplay wise, its difficult to properly communicate with teammates. You are limited to targeting something mind, you cant REMOVE a target once you set one, so at some point there are just targets everywhere and a Lets go command. I cant tell my teammates to throw a cherry bomb, or use their phantom blade, or tell person A to go there and person B to go somewhere else, or even tell them what IM going to be doing. The whole thing just ends up being a big mess as you try to predict what your teammates are going to be doing. I honestly end up treating coop missions like solo missions, paying little attention to what my teammates are doing and not working with them at all.As far as things the game does RIGHT, I can say that the story is...ALRIGHT. Its not fantastic but its not bad either. I like the changes to combat. Instead of couter attacks you have parry, which will render the enemy defensless for a short period of time, rather than just instantly killing them as you string together counter attack after counter attack like pervious games. It goes really well with Coop, because with 24 people youd consider just charging into an army and taking them on. However, with combat more challenging and guns nearly one shotting you with basic armor it makes you think twice about your strategy. They brought back magic medicine which heals all your health at the push of a button which I actually dont like at all. I liked health rejen out of combat much better because then I could get in little fights all around town and if I got hit once or twice it didnt matter much. But now, Id have to use medicine after every little fight to keep my health up. I also like the skill system. In coop it lets each player bring somethign different to the table. One guy might have lots of health and melee skills, another might have ranged skills, and the last two have stealthy skills. It spices up the gameplay nicely. ALSO I REALLY LIKE THAT YOU CAN HAVE A RIFLE AS A WEAPON. JUST FREAKING SMACK PEOPLE WITH A RIFLE. SWORDS? TOO EASY. BULLETS? THOSE ARE FOR SCRUBS. JUST BASH THEIR FACES IN WITH ITOverall, I would NOT recommend this game at this point in time. MAYBE when they fix frame rate issues I know I didnt talk about this a lot but believe me, ITS A BIG ISSUE, and the various bugs the plague the game get sorted out my opinion might change. I realize the game hasnt been out long but that is NO excuse for all these issues. When you release something, it should be as perfect as possible. I understand they cant catch every little bug but this is just unexcusable.