This is by far the worst Assassins Creed game to date. AC3 is now 2nd worst in my book. Its clearly evident that the folks who worked on 3 were in charge of Unity as well. The same buggy gameplay and unbelivably poor enemy AI are prevalent.And not to mention...glitchy, glitchy, GLITCHY!!! If youre wondering if its still broken well, its got some duct tape and primer on it. The cutscenes are fixed. Its never crashed or locked up on me....yet. Other repairs are evident, but its not totally fixed and I doubt it ever will be. The remaining issues seem to be embedded in the code itself, just like AC3 if youve played it. And that game ate my 2 570HDs for lunch!Im running a single 970 FTW with an AMD 6 core dedicated to PhysX at 1920x1080 120hZ refresh. Textures take awhile to load. Game load times are too long. The draw distance is really short. But I was able to get aliasing under control to a playable degree. Temps are about 5052 C no overclock, Kboost, or overvolt. Im at Very High settings with HBAO on. Im kinda thinkin its as good as its ever gonna get. I can run at Ultra, but its not playable.There are still invisible walls, very VERY odd, immersion breaking NPC movements most are really funny, I recommend recording them! and frequent framerate skips. The way Arno moves through the crowd and how they react are the worst of the entire franchise. Hes not part of the crowd the NPCs just jut to the side all glitchy like. Hard to explain Also, trying to get Arno through an open window has just about caused me to break my damn controller! GET IN TEH FING WINDOW ALREADY!! !Some things in this game are the best of the entire franchise graphics taken as a whole if you have the card to run it, Arnos parkour movement, lighting effects, and finally a sneaky mode! which would be great if it worked 100 The 3D map of Paris  is really cool too! I even found myself enjoying some of the later story missions. Early ones..not so much.Absolutely everything else is horrible. There are side missions in this game where all you have to do is kill a rando enemy who doesnt even have a name or story btw and you get 1000 monies. In some cases, like 3500. And hes located in the building right accross from you. And those little missions are everywhere! And Ubi has the balls to ask you to rate each one as a memory. Lol 1 out of 5 stars...yeah! Oh and get lockpick skill EARLY. What a bunch of BS having locked doors and chests standing in the way of a good time! And they dont tell you what level the damn chest is until youre right next to it. Ive wasted at least 3 hours total game time running to locked chests in the STARTING AREA that are too high a level of lockpicking. So dumb!The guard AI is what makes this game borderline unplayable. Its terribly frustrating to try to control or evade the guards. You cant whistle them over anymore. Theres no conscipts, theives, or mercs to hire anymore either. All you have is a firecracker to toss at the guards that alerts them, but they dont investigate. They just stand there dumbfounded half the time. The other half, they walk in circles or run at full speed in the opposite direction of where you threw it. If one sees you, they ALL see you. Smoke bombs and stun grenades are mandatory most of the time. But, Id rather just be sneaky. You know, like an assassin! Not a grenade launcher toting idiot! Grenade launchers!! WTF!! Yeah thats real subtle!!! OMG why are there grenade launchers in this fgame???? ?Ive had snipers shoot me dead through walls who can see you from the other side of a building, Ive walked right past guards within inches and no alert, but then his buddy will see me clear as day from the other side of the fing room!!! And then the whole room is suddenly filled with guards from the entire floor! They run faster than the hero when theyre chasing you another feature present in AC3 that I hated. Hes an assassin!!! He should be able to outrun guards! Thats why hes lighlty armored and they are not! Combat is a joke new dodge and parry system is okay but it takes too freaking long to kill any of the guards! and aerial double assassinations gltich all the time. Terrible! !I love the Assassins Creed series. I have 93 hours into Black Flag and I regard it as the best one to date. If the first one had 2s combat system, it would be up there in the top 10 best games of all time. But Unity....its so bad. Its boring! I dont give a rip about playing with rando people on the internet! Thats why I play solo, stealth RPGs! So I dont have to interact with the world!Do I recommend it? No, not for the casual RPGer. If youre a diehard AC fan, then you prolly bought it already.Is it worth buying now? Only If you have an nvidia 900 OC series or AMD 280x or better graphics card and its on a Steam holiday sale. Otherwise, dont bother. This game is shredding my modernday 350 graphics card and I cant play on max settings! I can with other titles though. As I mentioned, the graphics and lighting are what make this game worth playing. But thats about it. As a game, its not good. 