Well this is my first review for a game ever made.Firstly, Id like to say that the performance issues are true, whether youre playing it at Ultra High or Low Graphics, youll have always from 20 to 55 fps with the BEST pc you can make. Knowing a great deal of stuff about computers and being a big fan of AC Franchise. This issue is mainly not because of the graphics but because of the AI that this game has. It has the biggest amount of AIs from the history of games. This is some serius improvement, but with it costs.Secondly, though it has this main issue and others such as the face graphic glitch and some hitboxes bugs, the experience youll get for this game will be really great. The coop in a game like this is something that it has never been created before and that really does worth the bugs and the graphic performance.Thirdly, the main storyline, Arnos story, is great. This is a really well thought campaign and I think its also worth all the bugs and performance problems. Some would say that it is not connected with any other game, but think how difficult was to the developers to get together the innovative ideas they had, about the coop, about the single player, about Arno and about the subject person that is in the animus or helix called in this game moving and playing around with Arno.I DO recommend this game, because Ive played it all along at 25 35 FPS in low settings with a Radeon HD 7850, 8 GB RAM, AMD A8 3870K APU x4 3.0GHz Which I now regret having bought, SSD Kingston 128G, and it was still playable. In my country this PC has a value of 600 dollars aproximately. Which I earned for nearly a year reparing computersYou are not going to be upset more than some bugs and the performance issue. Because the story is immersive and real, made up in a real france from a real time The Coop is infinite, you could do the same mission infinite times and there would always be a new way to do it The customization is varied, you get to choose gear that balances or enpowers your stealth, health, melee, and ranged abilities the gameplay is versatile, you could engage and disengage fights with lots of combos from tools and weapons, you get to choose your fav weapon and even more. Youd have at least 80100 hours of gameplay singleplayer and the rest leave it to the coop part.Hope this comment helps you, and please rate.PD My native language is not English as you have noticed, so sorry for grammar and vocabulary mistakes.