Assassins Creed Unity is a bloated, unoptimized, frustrating, beautiful looking, buggy and ultimately boring mess of a game, that is only worth playing at a very deep discount.  I am running on a i5 2500k processor overclocked at 4.5ghz, accompanied with a GTX 780 Ti card, and 8 gigs of system memory.  I purchased the game on a Sale and after Update 5 so all my performance issues and bugs are found after many attempts by Ubisoft to fix the issues.First performance.   I ran everything at 1080p with max settings including the Nvidia special settings. The only thing that wasnt maxed out was the AA which I turned off.  IMO the jaggies arent that bad in this game and I choose the extra performance over having the AA on.  Overall, I generally stayed above 45fps for most of the game with long moments of 60fps.  I would still say that the game has performance issues because 1  The frame rate would bottom out at weird times, standing still.  One moment I am looking around getting 60 fps the next 15fps.  It would stay at a low frame rate for a few moments then go back up to 60.  In Cut scenes the frame rate would just plummet.  Not sure why, but it did.  My performance issues were annoying, but didnt happen enough to me to totally give it a not recommend.  Just realize, it still has a few performance issues left but you can get through them reasonably well.2nd, the bugs, dear God the bugs.  I only ran into a couple game crashing bugs and a reload always fixed the issue.  I did have one incident where I completed a sequence successfully and when the game was finished loading I was put two sequences back very weird.  Really though, the biggest issued are all the bugs with animations, with yourself and with the environment.  I once ran across the sky, killed several people without my character moving, and I even had a moment where the last boss just stood there doing nothing.  There are so many little bugs that it takes away from the third point.Third the game is just beautiful and detailed.  Assassins Creed games have always had this and Unity takes it to the next level.  Paris during the French Revolution is something to behold, from the large crowds of people which I didnt see as a negative, to running around on Notre Dame.  It is a shame there is so many bugs in the game because it really is distracts from the beautifully realized world that was created.Finally my biggest issue is that for a game packed with so many things to do it is ultimately boring.  I found myself powering through the last few missions just so it would be over.  Paris has so many collectibles and side missions that it is a bit overwhelming.  Sadly most of it does nothing for you, and is just filler for filler sake.  The main story line is also equally boring with most missions to be tedious or just plain blah.  There are a couple of interesting things to do like the murder investigations which are different and fun.  The final story mission was also quite good until it ended.  But the rest of it was just take it or leave it.Really that is the biggest flaw of the game.  At this point the game is playable if a bit annoying, all of that I would have overlooked if it was actually an interesting assassins creed game.  There are good parts, dont get me wrong The Marquis De Sade parts were my highlights, it is just that there are so few of them.    I also hated the fact that it didnt really add anything to the overall Assassins Creed modern story drama.If you are a fan of the series, I would say hold off for a 75 off.  There is too many issues and frankly too boring and uninteresting to say otherwise.  If you are looking for a Assassins Creed II My personal pick for best in the series, this isnt it.