After some thought I am changing my review but there is method to my madness so please note.The bad1. At launch this game was buggy as hell and I hope ubisoft learned that is better to delay a release or beta first rather than release an inferior product 2. Never underestimate the intelligence of your audience , they will find out about your review embargo3. Never Ever ever put inapppruchases in a AA title it is very bad taste , and makes fans weary for the time they can only complete the game after buying another 100 worth of stuff on a game they already spent 80 on.4. They did make it a bit more challenging but please note the ability to dodgehand shield a ranged attack is needed5. The gameplay is mind numbingly repetitive ,parkour to waypoint, sneak/smoke bomb, kill done rinse repeat, the investigation thing is a bit nice but also very predictable and can usually be solved by looking at the first 2 clues6. Health potions , Now armed with 2 smokebombs and filled up on health potions you can take down a battalion with zero to no effort  what ever happened to running7. Smoke bombs mid battle used to be easy , now since patch 3 I become a pincushion when trying to smokebomb .The good1. Huge open world2. Challenging fights occasionally3. Good Story line Black flag was excellent, this is a bit predictable4. Stunning visuals  making my quad core high spec pc work for the money I spent on itSince Update 31. Crashes are fewer and far between ,2. Having some trouble jumping out of some windows from inside the building. collisions problems3. Sometimes blocking attacks will not block at the point of attack example she sparks will fly on the left where the enemy attacked from the right.4.  crowd seem smarter but some folks are still doing a 1 meter drop especially when i start to run.If you wish to play Assassins Creed and dont have black flag rather buy black flag its far better valueif you want to purchase this game rather wait for the price to drop to 20 , the only reason why I see value is because i got season pass and ubisoft gave a free game farcry 4 with it and a free dlc.