Would you believe this was the year that they thought they could produce two Assassins Creed games in one year? Let me tell you, it shows. Yes, theyve fixed the giant bugs, but this game is still a bug ridden mess, with movement that is clunky at best and unresponsive at worst. Investigation missions are the high point, but even then sometimes have objectives that simply dont spawn in, leaving you with no way to complete the actual missions. Multiplayer missions have been forced in, some of which arent even playable anymore because the game doesnt have players to do them with. Paris is a big city, but with not a lot of fast travel points, youll spend most of your time getting lost and running around in circles, and with progression systems keeping most collectables behind locked doors or chests that you cant open until the end of the game, it defeats the purpose of collecting them at all.The fact is this Ubisoft meant for this to be a tech demo of their new ability to let you run into buildings and have lots and lots of buildings to enter, unlike in AC3 where you simply autoran through them. Thats not a bad thing theres a lot of good with that, but they didnt really DO anything with it. And with the controls making it near impossible to navigate things, becoming more frustrating than fun, its clear why this is a low point in the series.That said, there is good to be had. The investigation missions, when they work, are the best part of the game, and the story isnt bad. For once there are actually interesting characters, unlike AC3 or Black Flag where your enemies sort of just blended into the background. Arno isnt that bad of a protagonist, better than Black Flags in that he actually wants to be an Assassin, but again were retelling the story of man who knows nothing about assassins becoming an assassin and its gotten old by this point. This game also makes the mistake a lot of the games do by showing us the more interesting story within their boring story by beginning with the fall of the Templar Order in France by Phillip the Fair, which would be a way more interesting game to play, if were honest.The other large issue with this game is that its depressing as hell. The French Revolution, while an interesting time period, doesnt exactly lend itself to a story of one side defeating another. This was the same mistake they made with AC3, where we werent sure what side we were actually on. The game doesnt really make it clear who were really helping or hurting most of the time, when were doing missions to help every side. A game that stands for everything stands for nothing, after all. Its all very muddy, and thats not good.I would also be remiss if I didnt mention the Nostradamus stuff. Those things are awful, making you follow riddles and the like all over the damn place to get this games special armor. Its not really worth it.The fact is, if youre a fan of the series, this isnt going to turn you off from it. Its not the worst game in the series, and if you got through Revelations and AC3, youll be able to get through this. But if you have a choice, go play Rogue, which came out at the same time, or Syndicate, which at the time of this writing is the same price. Youll probably enjoy those more. 