If you thinking of buying this game.. HOLD ON!!First you need to check if your computer meet the minimum requirement. If you want a decent gameplay but if you like me which a fan of the AC franchise or simply doesnt care either if you computer can handle ACU or cant, WELL GO for it and embrace the lags.Here my specProcessor AMD FXtm 4100 Quad CoreGraphic Card AMD Radeon R7 250 2gbRAM 8gbAs you can see, only my RAM that meet the minimum requirement. Haha, dont laugh a fly might find their way inside your mouth Doesnt have a clue if your comp can handle the game then go to this linkScroll down and find the CAN I RUN Assassins Creed Unity and fill the necessary info.My score isCPU 7 starGPU 6 starRAM 9 starIf your score is higher than mine then yea, you might enjoy the game more than I am you lucky .Hmm, what will you aspect if you play this game?Combat SystemIt similar to Shadow of Mordor or Batman Arkham combat system. Where you need to parry or dodge when your enemy is about to slash you to ribbon. There no more counterkill and also there no more Hey let attack him one by one as sometimes 1 guard keeping you busy then the other guy preparing to shoot you or before you able to attack your parried opponent then his buddy immediate trying to stab you. Its a fast pace slashing and shooting game.StealthI cant really say but the stealth system is improve just that Im always lag I cant feel the improvement. Well you try to play a game where you need to pass this guard undetected in the correct timing or do a stealth kill at crucial moment but hey what am I saying you can always hidden blade kill all the way. Lemme just say that, now you can crouch whenever you want and wherever you please, hide behind a wall/table/chair/stuff.Arsennal/weaponsThere a lot of varieties of weapon you can choose, ranging from onehanded, axe, spear, guns, rifle, guilloten gun Axegun mortar axe kind of weapon..?. The poorer the weapons make you, the better the weapon stats.CustomizationYou can customize Arno to wear any type of hoods, torso, belts, glove and even his pants. Which can lead to different playstyle. Wanna be ninja? Go ahead and buy yourself some stealthy stuff. Wanna be a duelist or hate sneaking and prever direct contact? Buy stuff that give stats to melee and health to lengthing the time of your death. Hate your personal space been invaded? Invest in gears that give stat to range damage.StoryI only finish sequence 1 so cant say much, I accidentally play a dlc when Im trying to fast travel to the assassins hideout ok but the story is interesting so far.If you can tolerate the lags then go for it but let me warn you, you will feel frustated and annoyed at some points. But if you hate lags, then either wait for a sale or until the dev fix the performance issue or dont buy at all. I recommend this game if you dont mind the lag if you below the minimum requirement and highly recommend  if you pass the minimum requirement. To play at tolerable state you fps must be around 2530fps. About the Uplay, the only problem Im having is the Uplay fail to syncronize with achivement and the cloud save which not that bad at all. I do not lost any progress, no ctd but a little freeze there and here, thats all.