Without a doubt the WORST of the Creeds. The combat system is useless, the pathing is just horrible, and the plots and accents are beyond stupid. Never ever spend money on this, even on special. In fact, if a bundle has this game, then try to avoid that bundle. It really is THAT bad.The combat system has taken a turn for the worse with the blocking in two forms dodge and block and the stylised visuals just totally interfere with actual control. You can die while the visuals from a previous move are completing. And thats if you are lucky enough that you can even see the opponents. Often the game will zoom in so far you are left completely ignorant of the guy right in front of you.The travel system is what you expect. So long as you want to step on every box, jump on that table of fish, miss the rope you are happily running along, jump down a window, onto the rod, next onto the fence, then grab the fence, then to the handrail, then the wall, and finally, somewhere along this journey of a mere three metres you might be lucky enough to encounter...the ground! Of course, by now youve been shot twice, your quarry has escaped, and youll just be wondering how the hell you could repeat such a devastatingly bad pathing system. Put bluntly, your toon will grab everything possible in his way, and hold on for grim death.Ive not seen a game in which you can die while inside a scripted conversation. Well, actually, now I have. Several times. Or one which holds a lot of noise above the level of the plot conversation. This is only equalled by the stupidity at this level while having conversations on coaches in Creed Syndicate not to mention that conversations go longer than several trips, totally spoiling the point of having such content.France. Yes, they speak french. No, the actors dont. It is ... unfathomably terrible. There are no words to express how poorly this reflects on the choice of setting. You could just have bitten the bullet and made it downtown Springville. I keep waiting for Bart and Homer to come around a corner.And the plot. Oh, sorry, story. Um. Like. You know. Kinda. Oh, just get lost.Last, and certainly not least. Cardinal error number one is made. The controls have changed. Yes, all those muscle memories will get you killed, time and again. And then to mix it up, well use the same button for drop and redo and escape. The game will decide which of the three you really meant. Most likely by killing you. Again. Oh, not that one? Sorry. Just reload and enjoy. In fact, I think this was made by Cyrius Cybernetics Corporation. Yes, a bunch of morons who were the first up against the wall when the Revolution came. Oh...period joke...which it isnt because the designers were not unfortunately subjected to said fate.On the broad scheme of things, the whole smorgasboard of production elements are, individually, below every other assassins creed of its era. And Im really having trouble finding any single element that it does which is a step forward on the equivalent design in another Creed series. After all my searching for something good and redeeming, Im still wondering.I tried to get into the combats, but I just got so bored that in the end I rushed into everything because planning it properly was subject to random death, so rushing was less offputting to my mood when it all went to hell due to some new or repeat strange outcome. I tried to get into the plot, but its just too bland so far. I tried. Well, at least one of us did.Just bash your head against a wall instead of loading this execrable product, and then go play one of the others again. Or wash your car. Bake a cake. Fold your towels. Youll make better use of your time.A total, woeful, uneventful, bland and offputting steam pile of merd. Merd. Merd. Merd. 