Wow... Just wow. Before reading this review, understand that i am a big fan of the Assassins Creed series, all the way from the begining to now yes, even the disaster known as revelations, i try to keep that one locked away in my mind where i hope i will forget it. Now, i stayed up all night waiting untill it was unlocked and actually playable, and after having it pre downloaded already, i thought it would be simple, just download the .exe and wait for the files to unpack then play right? Wrong! after doing all that, the usual love hate relationship with ubisoft comes into play with their abomination to humanity.... Uplay. well after spending about half an hour fiddling with Uplay, i got everytrhing set up and was ready to play! But first just let me take a look at the actions and rewards... Oh my goodness Ubi, what have you done? i cant recall exactly what was in that section, being that it is 5a.m. right now, but i can say that it reeked of microtransactions and DRM. after that First bit of confusion, i started the game, and to my suprise, The game just started, so i had no chance to configure my settings. Well ok, no big deal,  its probably just a first time launch thing. NOPE! so aparently, after a very confusing intro, i find out that the main menu is the pause screen! oh ubi, you just keep digging the grave deeper and its kind of upsetting. Now let me just point out that i have not tried to launch the game a second time, but from what i could tell, there is no Main menu just a pause screen. After playing around for a bit, it becomes abundently clear that there are microtransactions, and some sort of DRM. Well after playing for about an hour, the game crashed on me, but it is still only in its first few hours of release but i can forgive that, ubi are releasing a day one patch so we will see how that goes. but other than that, laggy, which is suprising for my rig but im shure it will get fixed. my biggest technical issue was with the sound. i do have a surround sound set up, but it sounds like alot of the audio is in stereo, not all but some. other than that, the free running was AMAZING and to be quite honest a HUGE improvment to the system. the combat is VERY enjoyable, as in all the AC games in my opinion, as well as very challenging. Again, this is only in the first few hours of release and i was/ am very tired, so wait for a more compitent review from people like jim sterling, total biscut, or any other reviews you tend to agree on and trust. I hope this review helped anyone who read it, have a wonderfull day and keep playing games BEWARE OF MICROTRANSACTIONS AND DRM!!!!! why ubi why? TT 