Ive thoroughly played all of the Assassins Creed games from the beginning and this one is by far the most visually stunning. That Im afraid is about all the good Ive got to say about it so far. Im 25 hours in at this point and Im ready for it to be over. All of the games have had their frustrating moments with mechanics while free running but Unity takes it to a whole new level. From the first game to Brotherhood I spent as much time as possible on buildings running across rooftops because it was damned fun to parkour across the cities. In Unity I spend as much time as humanly possible on the ground because climbing anything will inevitably end up in a fit of keyboard punching while Arno is stuck to a wall/window/overhang making jerking motions in all directions going nowhere. The change to pressing Space to go up and E to go down might have been a good plan if it adhered to that and Arno reliably moved in the directions I press. If you find yourself having to choose between taking on 20 soldiers or going down one ladder to reach a target youll want to take on the soldiers, believe me. Combat has changed significantly from previous games and while many people seem to enjoy the increased difficulty Im not a fan. Were characters a little overpowered in the previous games, maybe, but combat was far more satisfying when you got the timing down and the characters are master assassins after all. Even after 25 hours I cannot find any sort of rhythm to combat sequences and it always ends up as a cross your fingers and key smash situation. I especially love when Arno decides to stop responding to attack/block keys and just stand there while being slashed to death, over, and over, and over again. Ive desynced more times in this game than all of the previous combined and it is 99 due to bugs.Beyond the core mechanics problems lie some core issues that also significantly set Unity apart from the rest of the franchise. Ive enjoyed spending many hours at a time in Assassins Creed games because of the great feeling of immersion in historical settings. Sure theyve had plenty of repetitive events, missions, etc but overall I still had a decent feeling of being there. Despite the amazing visuals Unity has little to no immersion, it feels like Im just playing a game and it reminds me of that constantly. Chests that can only be opened by a companion app, chests that are opened by some kind of online events, coop popups in the middle of missions, etc. At this point Im just grinding through the main missions. The diversity of the side missions is definitely appreciated and Id love to see all the side story content but I have no interest in subjecting myself to more miserable parkour and combat bugs. In truth I would have stopped the game all together by now if it were not for the fleeting hope that there may be some continuation of the background story that has spanned all of the Assassins Creed games. However, thus far no time at all has been spent outside the Animus and there have been no tidbits at all about the Assassin and Templar struggle, locating artifacts, or what any of the artifacts weve been playing through six games worth of genetic memories to locate are even for.Update I have now completed the game so I can report that there are no updates to the overall Assassins Creed story line so there was really no point in playing this game at all. I now have over 40GB more free disk space at least. 