UPDATEDFirst off Id like to say that I knew what I was getting into when I dropped the 60 on this game. I knew Ubisofts previously release of WatchDogs was sub par, I had also pre ordered that game as well. I also knew that my specs were borderline minimum when it came to the horsepower required to run the game.BUGSI didnt expect to run the games top notch graphics settings, and thats not even where my gripe is. There were obvious bugs right from the start that werent caused by my hardware. If you have a midrange computer I would definitely find this game a tough sell.Some cut scenes would just skip part of the scene and place me ahead of the story line. It would also do this if I died during a cut scene instance. It just didnt seem like it was very streamlined.The shadow flickering was horrendous and almost stopped me from playing altogether. I played around with some graphics settings which are sparse and finally got it to stop.Constant stuttering. While I understand this could be hardware related, I went ahead and tested it in various parts of the maps. My character continues to stutter even in areas with very low clutter.Im sure youve heard about the hair glitch, floating hair that seems to drift at odd times.The Initiate program doesnt seem to work for me when I attempt to do anything with it. more on this laterAi just acting straight up odd. Glitching through roofs, floors, running in odd areas. kinda like all the previous games including watchdogsA few CTDs could be hardwareSTORY/ GAMEPLAY NO SPOILERSOutside of the bugs I enjoyed myself quite a bit, with a few hiccups along the way.The main missions are a ton of fun and you have quite a few choices to make when tackling these.The parkour is better than the last few installments and is probably the best part about the game as a whole. Trekking the city and just looking at every detail that goes into each inch of the world. Unfortunately the movement is plagued by many of the same issues such as, youre still frequently getting stopped in your tracks from either bad pathing, or odd obstacles. The downward parkour new is nice for sure but doesnt act how i expected either. Sometimes Arno jumps impossible heights without taking damage or suffers from the same issues as the upward parkour and goes a path you didnt wish him too. Some paths that seem like they should be, are not.The combat is much slower imo and rugged, its fun but there isnt really anything revolutionary about it. In the beginning the enemies seem to be tougher but there are only a few enemy models so their patterns are easy to learn over time.It seems to be that they tried to make this game much tougher without certain upgrades from either your equipment or weapons. While Im a veteran gamer I enjoy the challenge this brings. I can imagine a more casual gamer getting frustrated over how the parkour, combat, and AI work together. Maybe even frustrated enough to buy some hack points? Well talk about this laterThe side quests are mostly one dimensional requiring you to fetch something or kill this, some of them have arcs that keep going. The eventual feel of these quests is grinding though.They mix in a combination of 5 or so random crowd events pickpocket, criminal, police vs revolutionaries, templar vs whomever. these happen often and you get rewards for doing them. They are redundant to say the least.None of the characters are really that intriguing. They seems to be cookie cutter Templar vs Assassin attitude.The crowds themselves are quite massive but, but for the most part they stick to a particular spots. Theres obviously roaming people from street to street, but there doesnt seem to a concious of the AI. Once again there are only so many models and some many outfits/colors. They dont react to you directly or your deeds youve accomplished. I kinda expected the city to be more alive, at the time period it was a very turbulent and the city was of the edge. This is not the feeling the game gives off at all.Customization is better than the previous installments but once again nothing revolutionary. There are plenty of outfits and you can individually pick head, chest, pants, gloves, and belt. You CAN NOT choose your own colors but from the pallets given which include three colors per pallet.Menus are a step up from the last couple games but seem to be super laggy. Map loads laggy, and there is like a billion icons on it  you can choose which ones show up but there are still things that pop up that you can even access like Red and Gold chestsI managed to do one Coop mission without friends, either people disconnect, or leave. Some just troll. I did not try again because it was annoying. It sucks that im driven away by this type of feature.MONEY STUFFThis is where we get to the money game, which they seem to have put an awful lot of time. There are several currenciesFranks are used to buy consumables, outfits, weapons, and property.AC pointswhatever that symbol is which is a abstergo increment of money used to upgrade weapons and buy colors for the outfits.Hack points are the microtransaction increment. You can buy everything in the game with these points if you have the real life dolla bills to throw down. This is where I get a little irritated. What it feels like theyre doing is slowing down progression in various ways.. getting to places feels slower possibly because our character runs slower on a 11 ratio of paris? Idk, combat is slower. Leveling seems to take forever, which also means I dont get to use all of the abilities throughout the entirety of the story.In combination with the Initiate program... which you have to sign up for.. to unlock certain items.. so that you can eventually buy them. There is also mobile apps ive yet to download that unlock other in game This also allows you to open up certain Red and Gold chests. So basically theres stuff in the game that you can do because you havent downloaded all the crap yet on all your devices.So what this feels like to me is a theyve added a grind to the game so you eitherdump tons of time into if you want to complete everything, and buy everything.OR buy upwards of 100 worth Hack points so can buy better equipment earlier, or buy boosts to level up or w/e.If ACU was just a parkour game it would be ing awesome, its not though. A lot of things seem forced, I really just want to play my video game without have to download a  ton of bs apps and addonto get the whole experience. The microtransactions I will never touch, nice try tho. Why would you spend any money at all to cheat a game? It seems really ing backwards, and I just generally hate the thought of it.I enjoyed the gameplay a lot, I really did, but there are too many things that are buzzkills for me. At the top of the list is the attempt to control too much. There is such a fierce grasp around this game I feel the developers let slip too many things through the cracks. The graphics are next gen for sure, the gameplay and story telling is not. On top of all of that is the bugs, which I wouldnt give aabout if they actually wanted to improve the core of this game. I expected the flow between the parkour and combat to be much more fluid but it seems to be relatively the same with a few minor changes. When games start to bring these kind of emotions out of people you wonder why they backlash so hard at the developers.This review is based almost entirely on gameplay, the actual launch with the bugs didnt irk me as much as some of the actual ingame features. Though that doesnt mean its acceptable. 6/10