Hello everyone, sit down, and let me tell you a story of glitchy Assassins and even more glitchy Templars.Since the beginning of time, the PC master race has been criticizing consoles for holding PC back from its true gaming potential. Well, here you go PC elitists, a game that can push even the strongest PCs past their breaking points.Let me start off by saying that Assassins Creed Unity is not a perfect game, far from it. It has been plagued by bugs from the beginning, and, lesbehonest, Ubisoft hasnt done a very stellar job in fixing them.But all of those minor bugs and glitches are nothing compared to the problem that has rustled the jimmies of many an Assassin, including myself. Performance. ACU is a BEAST to run. Just take a glance at the system requirements and you can tell that it takes some serious GPU power to run this monster. But who gives a crap about system requirements? Lets talk about benchmarks.If youre looking to run ACU at 4K resolutions, dont. Just dont. Not even with dual gtx 970s, with averages of 22 FPS, and an absolutley dreadful a minimum of 5. With 4K out of the question, its time to start lowering settings. The same can be said for QHD, with the 970s in SLI almost, but not quite, reaching the coveted 30 FPS minimum. My conclusion? 99.99 of people looking to play ACU will need to do so at 1080p. gaspIf you want to read more benchmarks, heres a good site I foundEven at 1080p, if youre looking to run this game on ultra, it will still require some serious GPU heat. I bought ACU thinking that my r9 270 would be able to run it just fine. I based this assumption upon the fact that I was able to max out Black Flag without any problems whatsoever I was very, very wrong. I had to lower everything as much as possible and apply the maximum stable overclock I could to even make it playable. So, as any gamer would, I began shopping around for a new video card. Anyways, twoday Amazon Prime shipping and 400 dollars later, I found myself with an r9 290x. Now I can play the game with a minor overclock at high and ultra settings with very few performance problems.My current rigAMD FX6350R9 290X2 x 4GB RAM6 x 500GB HDD in a raid 0Windows 8.1Heres the truth ACU requires more much GPU power than any other game at the moment. However, it is also one of the best looking, if not THE best looking game of all time. As long as you dont pay attention to characters hair its under a hood most of the time anyways the graphics of this game will blow you away GUARANTEED.  The reality is, you will need to invest in a quality GPU in order to get to enjoy its full potential.Im not saying that it isnt an enjoyable game at low settings, however. It does have its fair share of bugs and glitches, but the core concept of Assassins Creed is still enjoyable as hell. The new fighting mechanics are fantastic, previous ACU titles have simply required you to mash mouse 1 when surrounded by 30 enemies and theyd all be dead in a minute. In ACU, even with legendary items and mad skillz, you will die if surrounded by 6 or more enemies, bringing the game back to its stealthy roots. The enjoyment of jumping off buildings and commiting general badassery is still there, now it just requires skill.In conclusion, ACU is a gorgeous game, although it will take a serious GPU to run it. The game is still enjoyable as hell and is a solid addition to the Assassins Creed franchise.Update Im just looking at the other reviews and... uh.... yeah. Id like to adress a few more things. Microtransactions. I believe that its safe to say that we all hate them, but a lot of people hate them for the wrong reasons. Tell me if Im wrong, but, I feel like quite a few people dont like microtransactions becase it means that the items and prestige that you worked so hard for can be obtained by some richwith minimal effort, making your time investment worthless. To those people, I ask, who cares? If you measure your own selfworth on how badass your gear is in video games, you have much larger problems than microtransactions. The whole microtransaction thing does bring up some VERY important questions, though. It shows that Ubisoft is becoming cough cough EA cough cough nuff said. This does make me genuinely concerned,  and if Ubi were to continue down this path, I believe that AC Victory is in serious jeopardy.Also, many of the other reviews have been written by people who played the game for five minutes, witnessed the optimisation issues, and immidiately wrote this game off as a disgrace to the AC franchise. There are some, though, who have put some serious time into the game, ad those are the ones that raise some valid concerns. Performance, microtransactions, bugs etc. I did my best to adress those in my review, if not, please let me know 