This game is buggy, poorly optimized and crashes all the time. It has already crashed 7 times and I have above recommended specs to run this game. DONT BUY THIS  TIL THEY FIX IT.EDIT I have neglected to edit this review since I was able to play, and finish AC Unity. Still ragefilled so here we go.This game is terrible. Im saying this as an AC fanboy, but this game is terrible. Ubisoft should be held to a very high standard, especially with AC games however, AC Unity does nothing but disappoint and confuse me. My dislike of AC3 and Black Flag were because of the weak protagonists, but Unity takes it to another level.Arno whos name I couldnt even remember 3/4 of the way through the campaign is an utterly flat, boring and blatantly trasparent attempt to recreate the magic of Ezio Auditore. Arno is brash, unlikeable, and maintains an immense level of stupidty to further the plot of this game. The sad thing is, most of the characters in this game are about the same, or worse.Elise, your on and off companion throughout the campaign, is an equally flat, idiotic character. She is a plot pusher that comes along whenever the storyline stalls out to the point of it being laughable. Aside from that, she offers precisely nothing to the game whatsoever apart from decent voiceacting.Overall the story is boring, drawn out, and confusing. I never knew who I was killing and why I was killing them, also, whenever you complete a contract your victim does not speak to you like in previous AC games requiescat in pace but Arno somehow absorbs information from their brain into his. This leads to weird outofbody experiences that are never explained. Or maybe they were, I was halfasleep from boredom while playing through the story mode.I would say that this games redeeming quality would be the world, and dont get me wrong, Paris is beautiful, but even with a GTX 970 I can barely manage 24 fps on this poorly optimized insult to AC fans everywhere. Ubisoft should be ashamed of this title, and I truly hope that the next AC game actually works. Try harder next time or you may just kill the franchise.5/10 rot in hell. 