Ill start with what little positives there are with this nextgen AAA title.As far as AC games go the free running is vastly improved. Much more smooth with the ability to free run up or down and it works much better when trying to climb things diagonally. The graphics are an improvement but not enough to really warrant praise. I like the added customisation to armours however the bonus stats it parades arent really special, AC has never really been a hard game to play, you could probably finish it in the starting gear.Negatives. Oh boy.The combat is a step backwards. Things have been taken away from previous titles and not really much more added. A new feature is that more than one guard can attack you at once. The kill animations are so long though that sometimes you have to cancel the kill to defend against other guards. Its not satisfying and makes the game harder for the wrong reasons.The main character is boring and blah blah blah. Content is mediocre but hardly the worst thing about the game.PERFORMANCE. My pc maybe a little old, probably 5 or so years with a GPU upgrade about 23 years ago. But I have to run this game at 720p on the lowest settings and still have poor framerate. I realise how open the game is and many pointless npcs are wandering/rioting but its ridiculous. I can run DAI on medium settings with a stable framerate even with my old hardware. The latest patch 4 meant to address performance issues has done nothing at all.Performance aside there is one last issue. Uplay. I understand its not Valves fault that I have to run both Steam and Uplay to play this game but its honestly unacceptable. I have to open Steam, click to play ACU, wait for Uplay to launch, probably wait for a pointless update, wait for syncing, then the game will launch. Yes I could have just bought the game through Uplay but frankly its an inferior program and I have no wish to use 3 of these prgrams Origin included.ACU syncs everything to Uplay, thats your save file. ONE SAVE FILE. I have no idea why I cant have multiple for other users or multiple play thoughs and its a pretty poor addition. If Uplay crashes which it does I cant save until I open it again, its just ing stupid.The companion app. Cool idea. Say Im out, wanna do some missions on it to get somewhen I get home and play Unity. Nah. You have to be playing Unity and sync up your app. WHY THE  WOULD I WANT TO USE THE APP WHILE IM PLAYING THE GAME. Not to mention it constantly loses connection. It wouldnt be much of a problem but you gain extra content, which I assume I paid for, by using it. Whoever thought the idea up to make you connect to both at once should be buried alive.TLDRSome cool new mechanics with free running and some new customisation.Terrible performance, intrusive Uplay, useless ing Companion App.Just another steaming pile ofthat Ubisoft it getting notorious for releasing. Ubisoft,  Uplay,  Unity.