Firstly, the game is a real mixed bag in terms of performance. Youll hear horror stories from some people and yet many others have very playable experiences. My recommendation would be to. Sure, the game is more buggy than most games for me but it was perfectly playable on my HD7850 and i5 3570K.Just a few bugs that Ive experienced Not being able to change AA settings from the default to anything other than off without the screen becoming a mess of coloured boxes. Occasionally I get stuck being unable to attack because it wont lock onto NPCs and have to leave the area and come back. The game freezes for a few seconds every 3040 mins. It feels as if it has crashed but then it starts working fine again.One thing that I would say is that obviously the game has been expandedfrom previous AC games in terms of scale of the environment and in particular the number of NPCs. Combine this with a definite lack in optimisation and you cannot expect to run this on ultra with anything but the most overkill rigs. I get the feeling that a lot of people are overestimating how powerful their PCs are and are complaining when trying to run the game on the highest settings results in a choppy experience.Onto the rest of the game, mixed bag probably sums this up here too. Graphically there are some absolutely horrible textures the hair in particular on my settings looked terrible but then that is combined with the best mocap and facial animation Ive ever seen. I stopped noticing the bad textures after a while and certainly if you can run it on the highest settings it becomes a beautiful looking game.I enjoyed the story and appreciated that it took more of a return to more of the traditional Assassins/Templars based story rather than feeling like a game just randomly set in the AC universe. Arno is a very enjoyable character to play as and is very Ezioesque in his personality.The combat and mechanics are typical AC but have had a majour overhaul. Im not sure what I think of the movement changes as it seems to be a lot easier to  up while navigating around the city especially windows  but the animations are great at least... The combat changes and addition of skill trees is really refreshing too. As much as I enjoyed mowing through people in past games the combat being much harder means that you have to be much more tactical and there will be plenty of fights that you just have to run from. It just makes it a bit more challenging and very different from past games even if the combat itself feels very AClike. The enemy AI is also a lot smarter and forces you to use your whole aresenal of abilities to succeed.Theres a lot of content and customisationthis is where my main problem with the game comes in  coop. At least to me, AC has always been a more singleplayer game and, while I think that it is great that coop exists, it is forced on you way too much. There are some missions that Im fairly sure are coop only and a large amount of the best gear is locked behind playing coop missions in groups of 4 or more players. Combine this with the fact that there is no text chat ingame and unless you have a large group of friends who all want to play a lot of Unity and are not plagued by or putoff by the technical difficulties so many people are reporting its a real pain in the I have no doubt that some people will wind up playing a whole lot of Unity coop and form groups and guilds like you might see in an MMO... but that isnt a goal that AC should be chasing IMO. Personally Id like to see coop as an option not a requirement to experience all the content in the next game. For some people, this large amount of coop content will be a real bonus though and if thats you, more power to you.All that having been said, I still enjoyed the game and will probably keep coming back to it occasionally as I have done with past AC games. Obviously, theres a lot of hate for this game ATM and I would recommend AC2, brotherhood, revelations or AC4 for somebody just starting with the series but if you do your research and when or if the game has been through another few patches itll be a worthy installment in the series  not exceptional but decent.A few extra things to note Theres no multiple save games. It does try to get you to use Initiates  their app which can be annoying but you dont lose out on much if you dont use them. 