I do not currently reccomend this game as it needs great patching and the Ubisoft sacrificing their firstborns. But, I am sure you have seen more than enough of the negatives, Id like to offer some positives and different negatives. This is not being a Ubisoft apologist, its simply admitting there are positives to this game. I will say that I am enjoying the story so far. Arno is a charming and lovable lead who, like Edward Kenway, has mixed motivations and even loyalties. Of course, the futuristic side of this story is really just nonexistent and honestly should just be dropped. The times that the future interrupts my adventures throughout France just ruins the immersion, especially during these annoying things called anamolies. Paris is intensely large and one of the most intricate and fantastic AC universes I have seen. I feel as though combat is harder as well. Gone are the days of counter attacks sadly and here is its mentally  cousin the parry. Yet, I will admit that you can no longer just counter off 20 soldiers and you come out on top. Enemies can be hard and bullets do real damage takes about 23 to take you down. While this can be annoying, I feel as though it makes you no longer feel like a super amazing immortal and you begin to feel like a simple man with limits. And while the story is amazing I havent finished it yet, I feel as though they didnt use their chaotic and bloody backdrop enough. Major events of the French Revolution seem just to happen in passing dialouge except for the Estates General and the Bastille so far. Also, I feel as though the plot and whos who isnt lined up properly. Either its made to be unveiled or its just convulted but what the hell is this Patriots faction? How can they and the city guard coexist? Also, why are the Templars siding with the revolutionaries thats the impression ive gotten so far? Doesnt revolutionary rhetoric and theory directly oppose that of the Templar beliefs? It all just seems very unexplained anc convulted. Or maybe thats the point. And for all the fuss Ubisoft made about their large crowds, they seem to do little. Sure, they gather and yell but they dont take real action. I wanted to start a riot, so I thought Id kill all the guards and the people who charge a gate they were gathering in front of. Nope. They just kinda stood there, yelling at dead bodies. The crowds would be worth noting if they actually acted on their rage. All in all, if this game didnt have such an abysmal release, it might have been a good addition to the franchise 