2017 reviewACU had a lot of problems and to some extent some were fixed and some still linger and remain since ubi does not provide support for the game anymore. This review is definitelly biased, written because of the frustration the game causes. Absolutely unacceptable are the controls, which more than ever in any other AC game are the prime cause of death of the main character. So many times you jump anywhere but the place you want, so many times you jump over a cart of hay and die because of it. So many times you climb the wrong way instead of going through a window. So many times. It seems so fluid though. And then you get stuck on a piece of roof, occasionally get teleported etc.The performance by large has been solved for me due to decent hardware and runs better than Black Flag which was a godawful port, be it was a great game anyway. WIthout a doubt Unity looks much better and runs better. Of course glitches happen, people popping in and out of existence. People stuck on a street stands or teleporting up to cross a barricade.... NPC saying the same text at the same time is also not uncommon.The story is at best average. Im at the beginning of the 12th chapter, I havent been further than this before. When I remember AC2 or Brotherhood I was pinned to the game looking forward to finding out whats going to happen next. Doesnt happen here, maybe Im just old or something.Now the upsides, lol. The struggle between 2 main characters with vastly different opinions yet they are still lovers. Marriage between the KKK and Black Panthers, like that would happen. Also there are a couple of minute long excursions to different historical periods, cool stuff. Too bad they are so damn short.This game literally is the Mass Effect Andromeda of 2014. Or Andromeda is the Unity of 2017.If you are fan of the series, you should still get it though. It wont get any better than it is now.Ill try to finish this mess of a review once Im done with the game. Hopefully I can be bothered. 