Im going to be in the serious minority here, but here it goes anywayIm REALLY enjoying this game for several reasons.1 Its absolutely gorgeous. Like, STUNNING gorgeous. I visited Paris in the summer of 2012 and the landmarks that remain from this time period are recreated with so much care and detail.2 The story is more interesting to me than Black Flag ever was. In fact, the whole sailing and pirate thing? Not into it. I know this puts me in the minority again, but there you have it. If thats the case, you can take my review with a grain of salt.3 The combat, though absolutely dreadful compared to the muchbetter Shadow of Mordor, feels a little better to me than previous AC games. But it is slow, which I know will turn off lots of people.4 The parkour elements are great, including an easy way to descend now as well. And because of the fantastic architecture designed in this game, running across rooftops has never been more fun.5 The city feels so alive. There are people everywhere. Crowds. Huge crowds. Yes, you will see repeated animations or character models, but since Im not focusing on the NPCs specifically, they blend together enough to create the feel of a live, dense city population.6 The major assassination missions so far have been a LOT of fun. I get to actually plan my attack because Im given a few options that can aid my task. The freedom is a lot of fun.7 LOTS and LOTS of side missions and collectibles.Im disappointed by1 With my GTX 970, i7 950, and 12GB of RAM, Im averaging about 4042fps at Ultra with AA set to FXAA instead of TXAA. This game was deliberately designed to only perform on top tier PCs. Im not sure what business model they used to make this decision, but it clearly blew up in their face.2 Minor for me graphical issues. I count myself lucky that I havent encountered the glitches many most other people seem to be encountering I havent fallen through the world yet, nor have cut scenes featured the Cryptkeeper. That said, there are shimmering seams in the geometry throughout the world. To me, THAT breaks immersion far more than repeated character models or popin textures/objects. Speaking of, there are popin textures, NPCs, objects, etc. that occur from time to time.3 Control wonkiness from time to time. Every once in a while, when I try to climb in or out of a window, Arno climbs the wall instead. Ive been shot while being chased down because of occasional confused control issues.4 Occasionally, Arnos actions dont respond to key presses. In one fight, he just stood there while getting hacked to pieces by an enemy. Despite mashing the LMB, he just stood there until he died.Okay, so do I recommend this game? Well, its hard for me simply to say YES when I know that the vast majority of vocal people cant seem to run this game without it crashing or failing to start at all. So clearly, theres a chance that YOU will have a problem with this game. That said, if your system meets the system requirements, the chances of you running the game without major bugs is significantly better. If you enjoy open world games with LOTS of side quests and collectibles, you will easily spend dozens of hours in this game, and its truly a feast for the eyes if your hardware allows it. If you were BLOWN AWAY by AC Black Flag, I have a feeling youll feel like Unity is a step backward. But if Black Flag didnt WOW you, you actually might enjoy Unity. I know thats where I stand right now.So I recommend this game YES with the caveat that I might not necessarily recommend that you try it RIGHT NOW.