This is my second review on this game after actually being able to progress into the game. Whether some of you find this relevant or irrelevant ACU is very good in some areas but fails terribly after recent games in the series.THE BAD1. COMBATThey had reduced the combat to you frantically mashing the attack button while your assassin seems to be stuck in this Its okay I have all the time in the world, Im not gonna die! Mindset. And once you swing, depending on the level of the enemy, your attack is deflected. Oh thats not working let me use my pistol! Nope the enemy somersaults and you miss. At this point another enemy is already attacking you and youre out of medicine to heal, so, you decide to drop a smoke bomb and run away. But you cant because youre getting spammed with attacks from each side. Then you die.There are no instant kills after you counter.There are no instant kill streak chains.Basically I dont feel like the assassin badI once was in other game previously.Like in Brotherhood when they introduced the Kill Streaks and the offensive guard breaks.Im sure Ive missed some negative thins about the combat but you get the point. Im frustrated.2. PARKOURThe brand new descent system! Very innovative actually. But most of the glitches I have encountered were because of this. I gracefully descend into the wall. At the speed of light. One minute Im on top the next Im inside the wall or a chimney. Time to reload the last check point or restart the game. Although thats not the only free running glitch Ive encountered. There are the typical AC frustrations that come up with the parkour sytem. Its like this in EVERYGAME. I guess weve just accepted it and moved on. And so will I with this rant of a review.3. Performance Issues/NPC glitches.The most discussed topic among the Steam community is the performance of this game. How terribly optimized it is for pc. So I dont feel the need to go into depth here other than to say that you cant run this game in ultra unless you have amazing stuff in your pc. I can only get about 2035 fps on high settings. Cant use any AA. So for me its playable but the framedrops and stutters seriously need to go. This is why my game crashes every now and then. And why I just say FK it and stop playing altogether.As always npcs pop up out of nowhere and climb up on objects or get stuck in the ground.Ive carried on to long with the bad so here is the good.THE GOOD.1. ARNOThe story of Arno is intriguing. He is a cliche protagonist but I found him to be very enjoyable. His banter with other characters and his sarcastic approach to a task is exactly how Id react so I guess its more of a personal liking Ive taken. His motives are good, and his drive is inspiring for the story.2. THE LOCATIONThis Assassins Creed is probably the prettiest and more awe inspiring yet. When the game is performing I find myself just exploring the buildings in and out. Thats the fantastic part of this game is you can explore the interiors of most of the buildings and landmarks. And its life sized to Arno. I feel small compared to the great historical structures Im traversing. And as you explore you discover detective missions. Solving murders and mysteries with evidence you find around the scenes. I personally love this.Imagine if this game was optimized and we didnt have to deal with the frustrations. Ah its sad I have to sit here and fantasize about a game performing correctly when I already spent money on an unfinished product. Shouldve got what I wanted since I spent my hard earned cash on it.Im not sure what all is going on behind Ubisofts closed doors but I think they need to slow it down a bit. Ive always thought releasing an AC game every year was too much. Overkill. This concludes my second interview. 