Really enjoyed this game and its very impressive in scope. There is so much to see and do but it can get pretty daunting. I wish they hadnt focused so much on quantity, the list of side missions and collectibles end up looking like clutter on the map  that thing deserves a review in itself, it represents the endless addition of features added to Assassins creed drawing away from the focus on improving the chore mechanics/ story , in that its difficuly to recognise your own character key from all the clutter , side quests, relics, co cop missions, main quests, assassins guild, chests every chest in the dam game so literally hundreds, viewpoints, tunnel entrances ....  Its somewhat hilarious and at times feels like a call for help from the entrapped ubisoft staff, being forced to add content and given no creative freedom make something great.Doing my best to ignore the endless side clutter the main story line never did anything I didnt expect. Come on this is revolutionery France and again they give us tired old story of a murdered father spurring revenge ! Put me on one of the sides, maintaining the monarchy or have be as part of a revolutionery group. Put the whole templar / assassin thing in the background if you want one on either of the two sides, anyway a complete missed opportunity that would have made the stunning demonstrations significant to my character rather than a backdrop.This last point brings me to what I liked most about the game. The city of paris, recreated prior the creation of the modern boulevards, is the best environement I have ever experienced in an open world game. The combination of old medieval Paris with the narrow streets combined with the beatifully recreated monuments like notre dame or sainte chapelle make this worth the asking price alone for me. The crowds of demonstators are also really impressive, there are often hundreds/ perhaps thousands of characters rendered on the screen at any one time taking part in public executions, book burning or just general protest. Although interaction is limited the level of detail of the environment, the archictecture and the people make it feel like you really are walking the streets of revolutionery France. Also the missions are great, they are multistage and really promote stealth and movement, all the traditional features of assassins creed. However the weakpoint is combat, which is very basic, block or mash the attack key is the basis of it. Despite some failures to address long standing issues like combat, thankfully movement is much improved and is almost perfect at this stage, the game is a fantastic experience.Lastly I want to address the games performance and bugs which is the reason for the majority of negative reviews. By the time I started playing the game has seen many patches, I came across one glich  a floating NPC  in my 11 hours of play. I also ran this on a gtx 660 which maintainted stapble frames  above 30  on high.Hope this review helps, If you are not entirely convinced Id recommend waiting for a sale, but If you have time to do everything this game has to offer the full asking price is pretty good. 