TLDR 6/10  controls are a nightmare, looks beautiful, storyline is AC staple with fun RPG elements.I bought Unity some time ago but unfortunately gave up on it due to poor optimisation  I found it incredibly unsatisfactory to play. However, I came back with a new GFX card and Unity has been patched beyond. So would I recommend it?If youre a fan of the series and relatively familiar with the mechanics, then yes.Just jumping in to AC? This will frustrate theout of you.I only stuck with it all the way through because I enjoy the franchise. The controls in Unity are frankly abysmal  both in their construction and their response. I found myself fighting more with the button combinations than I was the AI. Id get stuck in cover, furiously trying to free myself as I was spotted. Id spend way more time than I was planning scaling the wall/foliage/fencing around windows, because the transition from wallclimbing to windowentering is eyeball bleedingly bad.You die. Alot. Even for an AC game. But its mostly because of  mechanics. The AI in Unity is vastly superior to previous incarnations of AC and the combat system has been tweaked so its more challenging  and that Im not going to complain about. After turning into Murder McPirateface in Blackflag Which I loved because its the best Pirate Sim ever it was more captivating feeling like I was about to get oneshotted by a sword impale or peppered with gunshot.While Im on gunshot  the game gives you zero ZERO prep on how to deal with enemies with guns. Which is pretty much every enemy. You will learn through pain of...everything...to pay attention to the heads up display and the small aiming reticles that pop up around your body.So whats good about Unity? For one, since the patch, Paris feels ALIVE. Like, realy alive. Hundreds of character models ons creen at a time, waving flags and singing songs. Ubisoft have made one hell of an effort to make you feel like youre participating in the French Revolution. It will murder the hell outta your rig if you havent invested in hardware. But it does look and feel amazing.Another massive plus for me was the gearing up process. I was really disappointed that they didnt keep the same gearing detail and quality for Syndicate because it added a refreshing RPG element to the AC franchise. Yes, there are microtransactions, and unless you wanna grind like hell for the Legendary gear, you may find yourself tempted.And grinding in AC Unity is no longer a simple process  in the past, it appears the best source of income apart from being a limited property magnate was doing coop rifts. Except the online community is virtually nonexistent in Unity now. Only once did I get paired with another assassin. Which is really disappointing because although you CAN manage most of the rifts intended for more players on your own with a bit of patience, there are some rifts you just straight up cant practically do as a lone player.As mentioned before, the scenery is beautiful and the characters are well rendered personalities not so much. The storyline is your standard AC conspiracies with a bit of backandforth with the Templars and Assassins with some shades of grey thrown in for good measure. You do get some interesting minilevels that throw you into various other time periods including turn of the 20th century Paris, WW2 and Medieval times  but theyre far and few between, revisited only as a grindy minigame.Would I recommend this? Definitely, as a playthrough in the AC saga.Will it frustrate the ever living sht out of you? Yes. Yes it will. 