AFTER THE 5TH PATCH AND DEAD KINGS DLCAs you may have noticed among the Steam reviews, Assassins Creed Unity currently has a very bad reputation among the PC Community and I am here to explain everything I can about my experience with the game in the most respectable and honest way possible. I have experienced good things and bad things in the game that I am willing to share.VISUALThis is something that many people will more likely agree. This game is truly beautiful. I appreciate the fact that Ubisoft truly made this game look like NextGen. You can go to many other places and see the beauty on the poor and rich side of Paris. Of course, to experience this well, you might have to have a very good PC to explore it pretty well. Otherwise, it is just a tease to you.GAMEPLAYThe game seems to play out like a refined version of AC1. The parkouring is somewhat smooth, but sometimes a bit buggy when climbing in certain areas. The Combat is actually more difficult than one might think, if fighting a bunch of guards, you might end up using alot of smoke bombs and even with all the medicine you take, it might not be enough and you will more likely die in other words, smoke bombs are your best friend. The new combat also removed the free flow kill streaks and counter kills, instead you parry, attack, or dodge. Fans wanted a more difficult challenge, and so they have it. Now the Fanbase is divided about it. For me, it wasnt bad but it could have been better refined. I think Ubisoft was trying to add more realism into the AC series, after all, I dont think its normal for someone to kill 10 guards under 1 minute unless you had explosives. Stealth in this game is possible. Its not really the best stealth feature, but it is possible.MISSIONS  OTHER ACTIVITIESThe Main Missions are pretty well done If I may say. You can enter a building, lure them out, riot, go yolo, sneak under the building, etc. This made the game less repetitive. I cannot say the same for the Side Mission however, they do tend to repeat itself, however it does have some interesting stories behind these missions. Investigation Missions is pretty awesome, you play detective and try to figure out who murdered the person, and you have a variety of people to blame. So choose wisely. The Notredamus Puzzle is the most time consuming unworthy chore I ever done. You pretty much attempt to solve these painful riddles just to get a reskin altair costume that is merely cosmetic, I personally think it is not worth it. Helix Rifts are actually part of the storyline and you are basically just trying to escape that era. It was pretty enjoyable to watch and explore this small linear era, but it wasnt that spectacular. And finally the coop missions that might prove enjoyable, unfortunately due to bad connection with Ubisofts servers, attempting to connect takes quite long and sometimes end up with just two player team, even having to join friends proves difficult and this mostly forces me to play alone or with just one player. The game has chest...BUT WAY too many chests....and some Nomad Chests and Initiate Chest that once were used for thirdparty app Patch 5.CUSTOMIZATION  WEAPONSThis game has ALOT of customization for your character from hood, chest, legs, bracer, and belt to weapon varieties. Its really REALLY well done and many people enjoyed having their own attire. Weapons can be selected from Swords, Heavy weapons, long weapons, pistols, and rifles. Some of these attires and weapons must be unlocked through missions, chests or through club competitions. You also have the ability to buy skills to improve your health, stealth and fighting abilities.STORYI wont lie to you guys, I say this as a true fan of the AC storyline, the story....is the weakest of all the series. I will explain with no spoiler as possible. The story focuses soo much on Arno and Elise that everyone else, including historical figures, was forgettable. And even when it focuses on Arno and Elise, it feels pretty meh. I admit though, their love story is pretty well made but short lived. This is pretty much how the story usually ends up going Arno kills the target, drain his targets memories to find the next target there is no confessions for the victim like previous games, kills the next guy, repeat. I know there is story behind all of it, but there is hardly any backstory for that target, even the main antagonist hardly had some spotlight other than the fact he is a sage but we knew that from the beginning of the game. The ending was....I have to say...it was pretty cliche....and the Modern Day storyline was little to nonexistant unfortunately. I am NOT saying the story was horrible, but the story is weak for an AC game. What bothers me the most is the order of missions of singleplayer and coop missions are not linear, this usually results an early spoiler for single player story, WHICH IS REALLY BAD!BUGS  GLITCHESThis is where the games experience was killed since its launch. It performed badly. Now we are at Patch 5. Online is soso fixed along with Issues of Dead Kings DLC. the Crashes however, I still get that. It really does kill the experience for me along with constant stuttering issues. I was able to run this game at around 45 fps with custom high/ultra high setting so it wasnt entirely bad for me. But I really cannot say the same for others. If you check the forums, you will see that many people cant run this game as well as others even Powerful PC users have issues I also read reports that as if Patch 5, SLI/Crossfire Users perform worse for them. And of course, the game is not optimized well on PC, in fact its worse than any AC title.MICROTRANSACTIONSLets make it clear that this has no affect to us in gameplay, since this is optional. However, this cannot be ignored either. Putting microtransactions on a Singleplayer/Coop game, simply to get items early instead of encouraging players to get them through effort is just a big no. What disturbs me is the price, it ranges from 20  100 and the helix credits arent that much either. This is possibly the worst thing I ever saw in an AC game and this sort of business practice has made Ubisoft look like the new EA.DEAD KINGS DLCI would type out the review for this, but the I am reaching my character limit for this review. so Ill get to the point. Story wasnt dark as they said. Surprisingly boring. Weapons are meh. at least it was free. yeah, sorry peeps.DO I RECOMMEND?This game had such potential and was executed poorly. The reason I give this game Thumbs Down is because this game may not run for everyone and to top it all, this game still has major issues that needs to be dealt with and the chances of having that is 50/50. Another reason is because the story was weak for an AC game. You might be one of the lucky ones to run the game with little to no problems, or be one of those unfortunate enough to have a bad experience, So if you feel you can run this game and can deal with the issues the game has, by all means get it since it can still prove to be enjoyable, but please get this game during discount, because I personally think this isnt worth the full price. You see all the thumbs down reviews and I agree with many of them, its that bad. If a lot of people are complaining less about Uplay and more on Unity, then something went seriously bad for Ubisoft. I really worry for the series now. Personally, this game may have been given a recommendation or just a mere complaint about Uplay launcher if there were little bugs and glitches, or at least a good optimization and better support. The damage has been done and there is no doubt that this game became one of the biggest disappointments of 2014.NOTE I Completed the game with 97 SyncI Played this game on Barebones Gaming LaptopIntel Core i7 4700MQ8 GB RAMWindows 7 64bitNVIDIA Geforce GTX 780M 