This Review of Assassins Creed Unity will be based on my semisalty playthough of the game.The game unlike the previous games had a different combat engine. This means itll be harder for former players to get to used to. Not to mention the limitions on weapons, former AC games had you with a sword and gun and such. This game has you running around with either the only usable setup of sword and pistol or the risk of running a specialised weapon which isnt likely to cut it in most fights since you couldnt carry a pistol with an axe or a spear or a melee weapon when you had a rifle.It also has the highest requirements for any game for PC this era with anyone with a standard setup needing a more powerful graphics card. My R9 270X had problems running it and if you intend to run anything less then what I have you must reconsider buying this game unless you intend to spend atleast 500 or more dollars upgrading your setup.The story was short and gets very dark very quickly when. The plot was fine but the multiplayer heist were complete rubbish. With the skill point unlock system in place and locked behind sidemissions and multiplayer heist which you needed to work with an ally which was likely to disconnect or screw up a good plan by being spotted. The gameplay was completeThe FREE DLC they gave away was even darker than the main story with the main character. This DLC is the main issue since it was free, for preowners of the season pass this was completeand the season pass was completely worthless since Ubisoft was unlikely to release a second DLC. Like me who preordered the bloody game and was ripped offAll in all, the plot was great, gameplay not so much.9/10  Plot7/10  Graphics Super High End graphics needed4/10  Gameplay Game revolved around getting skill points to finish the skill tree which ment doing the nigh impossible load time multiplayer heist which is unlikely to even have people in it anymore since the hype is over7/10  Overall. Multiplayer ruined a good game. Thanks Ubisoft. 