I will edit this review as I play more or if things change, stay tuned..TLDR at the bottom with PC specsI have been having a stable experience of AC Unity and I must say, I was very blown away by how beautiful this game is. I am getting a solid 60fps, sometimes more, sometimes less it varies often. Im playing the game at High settings with some custom settings because the Very High and Ultra High settings are actually unplayable, so I suppose there needs to be optimization there. Turning up AntiAliasing drops me down to 20fps, so unfortunately I have to keep it at 2x MSAA.I feel that some story aspects are a little bland and a little sudden. It could be seen as a basic story of revenge in a quest to fulfill himself, but Im not completely concerned with the story. The gameplay is actually harder and they brought back some game mechanic feeling from Revelations and Brotherhood. Health potions were added again which makes me happy, because now I actually feel more vulnerable. In Black Flag and AC3, I felt invincible because the combat was so easy. In Unity, Ive died. A lot. I may or may not suck, but the combat in my opinion is genuinely difficult if youre not careful about how you conduct yourself. Stealth is definitely recommended.Some game mechanics I dont really approve of like skills. Skills are a little strange, and I feel like Disguise is cheating. I dont want to buy into Diguise because you can suddenly change your outfit and walk past guards right in front of their eyes. I think thats a broken mechanic and should be changed.Some of the running around still hasnt changed in terms of accuracy when scaling buildings. Its a little fidgety and Ive gotten angry at Arno for not going where I wanted him to go.Ive played one game of coop and it was FUN. So much fun. We both kept failing and it was hilarious because we tried so hard to be stealthy, but in the end we kept getting caught. We finally finished and had a crouchdance victory. It was very fulfilling. Coop is a blast and Im very happy that Ubisoft added this.Now, onto the microtransactions. Completely dismissable. I think its stupid that everyone is bringing this up because it doesnt affect anyone directly unless you buy into it. You can obtain the items by playing the game anyway, so just play the game and get them normally. Microtransactions are just there to cut the time in half. But, why would you want to cut the time in half when you spent the money to play it? TLDR and PC Specs So far Id like to give this game a 7/10. Even though Im having a relatively stable experience, I would like to experience the higher graphics settings without getting 20fps. The story is mildly uninteresting but the coop and missions are wonderful. Gameplay is harder than AC3 and AC4 and stealth is much advised.PC SpecsEVGA GTX 780Intel i5 34708gB Corsair Vengeance DDR31TB WD HDD 