Few years have passed since I finished AC Unity and in all honesty I can state that this is one of the best games I have ever played. If I have to define it I would say that Ac Unity is an Incredibly Intelligent Entertaining Historical Simulator. The soundtrack is one of the best I ever heard implementing real live orchestra performing baroque music beautifully mixed with impowereing new age synth electronica. I listen to it almost every day on my way to work for 3 years now.  This game by far has the best photorealistic graphics to date in any game, period. It is not glitchy in any way and the frame rate is above 50 fps. The gameplay is absolute fun and the fact that you can climb any building is stunning. I really got addicted to running the rooftops of Paris and jumping arround. I mean I really really got addicted to that. You get to explore even inside random houses too. I got to know Paris in detail and everything is on point accurate representation of the city. Phenomenal work! The game offers incredible amount of clothing, weapons and guns you can equip. There is a level progression of the character, armor and weapons as well. The main story of this installment is very well placed in the actual historical events that took place during the French Revolution and therefore you get to learn a lot about what really went down. This game does such a good job of teaching you about historical figures, buildings and events that it should be a part of any history class about the French Revolution. My mom was so exited to explore the Louvre, the Sorbonne, the Pantheon, the Bastille. She never visited Paris and now she feels like she has. It is truly an amazing experience. I never played anything like that before. The city is humongous and diverse. I really dont understand why there are people that did not like the game. I will give you an example of what other games I love so you can get an idea about my taste  Skyrim, Borderlands1,2 and pre sequel, Little Big Planet 1 and 2, Path of Exile, Bastion, Guild Wars 2, Elder Scrolls Online, Sacred 2, Portal ...Well, thats it from me and I really hope this review is helpful to the open minded folk and even to the closed minded ones. My opinion is true and honest, I am not a paid promoter in any shape or form and I love AC Unity