This game feels like a huge step back from its predecessor, Black Flag. I bought this game after a year it came out. When I heard about all the issues, I told myself I would pay no more than 20 for this game. I got the game for 16, and I feel like I still paid too much for it. This is the worst put together Assassins Creed game I have played Ive played all the main ones up to this point, including Rougue, and after getting about half way through the main story, I dont think I am interested in ever playing Assassins Creed Syndicate. There are probably too many points to hit, but Ill discuss the ones that seem the most bothersome. Free running does not flow as well as it use to. The free run up and down feature was a nice touch, but what you consider to be ascend, descend, or static running may not be the same as the games idea. I kept getting stuck in places that I would never have a problem with in previous AC games Everyone has guns and everyone is a perfect crackshot with them. Each bullet takes about a third of your health even with decent armor loadout, and you will be shot by someone off map and die a lot. The combat in general just seems a bit unfair. Either Arno is the worst assassin ever, or Ubisoft made the combat too steep. The interface constantly interferes with gameplay. I completed a mission but was surrounded by enemies when it did, and I died because the combat does not work properly until you close the endmission dialogue box. Hints would pop up over other dialogue boxes, making you wait for them to go away before reading information on side quests and such. May not seem like a big deal, but it happens enough to become super annoying. The camera in combat is awful. In older AC games, the camera would automatically adjust to keep enemies on screen. Now it just sits there and you have to move it manually like you do outside of combat. This leads to many enemies being off screen and attacking you without much warning. With the combat already being unfair, this just adds more frustration. Although many of the bugs have been fixed, there are still a lot in the game. I constantly get stuck in walls and have the either fast travel or wait to be shot to death to escape. I died more times from bugs than Id like to admit on any game. The main story has not really been about the French Revolution at all. Im only half way through the story, so maybe the game does get more involved with what is going on at the time, but half way in it has just been its own seperate story that happens to take place in Paris during the time of the French Revolution. In AC3, you at least are somewhat a part of the American Revolution Boston Massacre, Battle of Chesepeke Bay, and in AC4 you pirate with Blackbeard in some missions. The big advertising for Unity was the French Revolution, but the assassin order does nothing to take part. This story could be copied and pasted into any historical time and not change. Again, have not finished the main story, but so far, nothingI have been a fan of the franchise since the first Assassins Creed game. I knew this one had some problems when it first came out, but after a year, I approached it with an open mind and was very let down. If you are a fan of the series, proceed with caution. If you are new to the series, I recommend staying away and trying AC2.4/10 