It seems everyone hates this game, and theyre not wrong. Its not a bad game, its just substandard for AC. I only got to play this two years after it was made by which time the bugs seem to have been fixed, so I wont be complaining about the bugginess. Ubisoft seems to make these games on a schedule, and theyre all very extensive games so it seems they publish them before theyre finished, and fix the bugs over the next couple of years. As a general rule it seems like its a better idea to play any AC game at least a year after it comes out.By the time Im writing this theyve already made Syndicate and most of what Im going to complain about here has already been fixed but Im going to write this anyways for posterity.ProsThe city  Lifesize, incredibly detailed, paintinglike map of Paris.The graphics  This is actually more of a con for me, Im down for anything on par with and above Brotherhoods graphics, its just when its such a heavy game it compromises fps and playability even on above average gaming PCs. But the graphics are incredible if you can run them.The combat system  I was led to believe from some of the reviews here that the combat would be slow and clunky, but I actually find this a lot more playable than ACs classic jumping around routine. Not to mention its better than being zerg rushed by a horde of enemies who block your attacks and by the time you get to break the defense of one youre stabbed in the back by 10.My favourite thing about this game is that you can equip a sword and the hidden blade at the same time, and Arno will use whatever the situation calls for. You can also equip guns and smoke bombs simultaneously.The parkour  I mean, the parkour has always had its issues but this is quite alright, especially when compared to Syndicate. People seem to hate it but I cant understand why. Jumping sideways/down has some issues. 2 and Brotherhood were the high point, it made the puzzles actually playable.The era  You cant really do much wrong with a French revolution game.The helix rifts  I personally like them, its like the developers tried to squeeze in as much of Paris history as they could into the game.The sidequests  I normally HATE sidequests in AC games, every sidequest is the same, follow that dude, find that guy in a crowd and assassinate him, can you outrun the timer? but this games sidequests have references to the edgier parts of Paris history and theyre not boring.The stage at Cafe Theatre where people do stuff.ConsThe characters  Theyre such painful cliches, theres the Jedi council talking Arno down for feeling guilt, Bellecs the grizzled drunken old instructor who calls his young apprentice pisspot, Elise is a sassy Disney princess, Arno is completely unrelateable. We havent had a likeable assassin since Ezio. Napoleon was surprisingly alright for a side character though.The assassin order  Theyve changed every established recogniseable aspect of the franchise by the time Im writing this theyve changed them back presumably because so many people were complaining. The memory corridors dont exist, instead you relive your victims memories for some inexplicable reason. The assassin initiation ritual with the pretend finger cutting is replaced by some kind of psychedelic wine that gives you express assassin training.The psychedelic wine  Psychedelic sequences in games are kind of a lazy way of making them look interesting without actually adding anything to the plot. All they are is platform jumping with weird oversized crap floating around, and warped checkerboard patterns. I found it jarring in this game, I had found it alright if a bit too frequent in the Arkham games because the situation actually called for it. Dream and psychedelic sequences are usually just uninspired lazy writing that got old after everyone started doing them.The hacker cutscenes where you become an assassin by clicking play  I think Liberation must have been the game that killed the modern day stories. Instead of seeing how the past reflects on the present like you did in the earlier AC games, you get your game interrupted by grainy cutscenes from some preachy selfrighteous hacker organisation. The modern day sequences in the old games were playable and they gave you the feeling that you were actually in the present, inside a machine. This just feels like a period game except every now and then the game stops for no reason and some uptight girl in a ponytail gives you a lecture. Syndicate tried to fix it by bringing back old characters but I dont think that fixed it.The crowds  I understand that there would be crowds in the squares but arent there any streets in Paris where one could walk freely without feeling violated? There isnt a square inch of personal space in this entire game, theres literally no room to stand except on a roof.The plot  The game isnt actually about the French revolution, thats just the background stuff. The game is about Arnos love affair and murder mystery, and artifact hunting, and conflict with Bellec who has conflict with the Templar order, and meanwhile the French revolution is happening and the assassins arent especially concerned with all that.The multiplayer  It seems like they tried to make several multiplayer platforms for this game, except it ended up not becoming as popular as theyd hoped. Multiplayer would have been fun but its poorly implemented and all over the place.Microtransactions  Where you buy equipment upgrades and horse armour with real life money. Im not opposed to paying for content dlcs, but this feels like a transparent attempt at ripping you off without giving much back.The nomad/helix/creed points  The nomad points are from some kind of now defunct attempt at multiplayer, the helix points are a microtransactions money grub where you pay a lot of money for insanely overpowered equipment, creed points are like money but very specifically for equipment upgrades. Seems kind of messy and like they could find no other way of having people level their items up at the same pace as the game so they found a workaround by inventing a different currency for everything.The XP system was bad in Syndicate, it sounds like Origins will be a grinding based World of Warcraft type RPG so I think they still dont quite have it down. 