Contains some Spoilers.Bought this game a few weeks ago, and overall I enjoyed it. I was not able to find a fix to crashes that happened every 510 minutes in windows 10. Although, it worked fine in windows 8.1. I only encountered one bug, where I just had to restart to last checkpoint, and continued without any problems.For those interested, Ill throw information about what this game is about, and its relevance to previous titles.1 First of all, it does not include at all Rogues character Shae Comarc. One might think that since Rogues ending sets foot for AC Unity, the story might continue in an interesting way. But this does not happen.2 Modern day story still continues from Rogues, but its minimal. You are always stuck in the animus, and only see Rebecca once, and then just hear her voice throughout the game.3 Like many people have complained, the combat system has changed. You do not use your hidden blades anymore in battles. You can only use them in stealth kills, either from behind, or jumping from rooftops or towers or what not. In battles you only combat with swords, or any other heavy weapon available to you. And guns of course.4 Parkour system is a little irritating at points, but not terrible. One major thing theyve taken out, or at least what I experienced, was the ability to jump from corner to another one. When climbing a high wall for example, and moving the camera to be able to jump to what is behind you. That is out as far as Ive seen in the game.There are more flaws in the story that I encountered, but I dont want to spoil that. Just play the game and see for yourself.Despite all said previously, I did like the game in its own way. I have read many hating reviews and comments and opinions about the game, so I wanted to try it for myself. And I did like it, the story is fun, and the french revolution was a lot of fun to play in an AC title. I was just disappointed that it does not even mention Shae Cormac at all. But hopefully, they tie things up in a future AC title. I hope DHope someone finds this interesting, or answers some questions.