I thought the story was decent, at best. It felt very clich at various points, very predictable, and you dont spend much time with most of the characters to fully connect with them and know their backstory, except for Arno andlise. Arno and lise arent necessarily boring, but I also didnt come to care much for either of them, as I did with most of the protagonists from previous Assassins Creed games. During most of the game, I felt that the main targets you had to assassinate were introduced too quickly and died too early. Back in AC2, an entire DNA sequence built up to a Templars death you spent said sequence learning about them, what they do and what they are, finally formulating a plan to kill them. Now its just hear vaguely about him, assassinate him in the next mission, learn about a new target from his memories and kill him in the next 2 or 3 missions. It kinda felt repetitive to me, like AC1 was. One little addition I wasnt particularly fond of was replacing the usual memory corridor that appears when you kill a main target and hear a sort of confession from each one. In Unity, you see important flashbacks from the target, and you dont get to talk to them as you did in previous games, which doesnt feel personal and doesnt let you learn more about their motivations. A true shame, some of my favorite moments from the series come from those confessions. However, the next game of the series, AC Syndicate, brings these confessions back.I also didnt feel very connected with the Dead Kings DLCs story or with its world. For those wondering, its a free DLC that adds a new region Franciade. Its set in 1794, after the end of Robespierres Reign of Terror, and it adds a new faction, the Raiders, that are trying to collect an ancient artifact.Finally, theres the modern day story. I wasnt a big fan of Black Flag and Rogues approach to the present day story. I get that youre kinda roleplaying as yourself, but its not directly connected to the war between Assassins and Templars, you just wander around, hacking stuff andabout the struggle between those 2 factions, instead of actuallyin it. But Unity just made it worse. This time, you dont actuallyin the present, youre an Initiate, a sort of recruit of the Assassin Brotherhood, and you just watch short cutscenes where an Assassin codenamed Bishop tells you what to do. I felt the modern day story diedback in AC3 and this one doesnt add anything new to it. Judging from the last scene in AC Rogue, the least we can hope for is ahowever that plays out.I was generally pleased by the combat system, however, there were times when the AI felt really dumb. For example, if I hit a guard with a Berserk Phantom blade, the other guards seem very overpowered compared to the poisoned guard, which usually left me frustrated. The fights are certainly more difficult than previous entries of the franchise. You cant take on 20 enemies at a time and hope to leave unscathed. You have to quickly parry and dodge attacks, while seizing opportunities to counterattack with both fast and strong attacks. While the animations are pretty cool, the controls drive me mad sometimes, making Arno go or jump somewhere I dont want or attack the wrong enemy in combat.Stealth itself is not as good as it could be. We finally get a crouch button, which definitely helps avoiding detection, and you can move from cover to cover. The whistle feature is not available in this game, which would come in handy in various situations. One thing that kept annoying me was the fact that, sometimes, I would get detected while I was clearly out of the guards sight, which would completely ruin my stealthy approach to certain missions. While it could use some improvement, Im glad we finally have a decent stealth system.There are several types of weapons and throwable objects you can use in battle or during stealth, like onehanded, long and heavy weapons, rifles, pistols, several bombs, the hidden and phantom blades, and the guillotine guns, which are included in the Dead Kings DLC. By using them strategically, whether in combat or during stealth, you can really get the upper hand on your enemies. You also need medicine to restore health, which is more immersive.I loved the depiction of Revolutionary Paris in the game. The city was created on a 11 scale, which makes for an absolutely massive map, filled with thousands of angry citizens, nobles and guards. You can certainly learn a lot about Paris historical landmarks through the Database, a concept that as been available since AC2, which is great for History nerds like me. I believe its one of the time periods that best depicts the concept of the Assassins, and Im only sad the game wasnt as great as it couldve been. While were on the topic of how big the city is, let me talk about collectibles there are too many. You can get rich very easily, which kinda renders most of the chests useless. The city is so big it will make completionists go mad while searching for everything. It gets boring very quickly.You also get a player home, like always, called Caf Theatre, where you can watch plays, train moves, observe the mementos, which you get for completing quests and side objectives, and collect your incomes. You can renovate places called social clubs, where you can accept quests that expand the Brotherhoods reach throughout Paris, and consequently increase your incomes.There are various side missions you can complete, whether you are protecting people, assassinating targets, etcera. The most complex of these missions are the murder mysteries, were you have to collect various clues and accuse the right suspect, earning money and a new weapon after completing each one.I dont have much to say about this topic. You can buy and upgrade several weapons/pieces of equipment, which have different attributes. You can dye your clothes with several sets of colors, except for the special outfits, which only have their default color. In addition, you can buy perks with points you gain from completing main and coop missions, divided into 4 categories Melee, Ranged, Stealth and Health.Coop was one of the features I was most looking forward too when I got the game. You can play with up to 3 friends, no matter their skill level. There are 2 types of coop missions regular missions to help the Assassins, and heists, where you have to get the loot, and, if you dont get detected, you get a monetary bonus. You can also join other players clubs, or create your own, and complete challenges with your fellow club members. In my honest opinion, its one of the best features of the entire game, which saddens me to know they removed it from the next main game. The traditional PvP multiplayer that has been around since AC Brotherhood was completely removed from the game, and it doesnt make a return in AC Syndicate, just like Unitys coop mode.I can say this is, without a doubt, the buggiest game I have ever played on PC, so beware of that if youre considering buying it. I didnt have any crashes to desktop, but several bugs forced me to reload a checkpoint because I got stuck somewhere. Even with the latest patches, the game continues poorly optimized for PC, even though I didnt find flying civilians or missing head textures.The game isnt as revolutionary or as great as we hoped it would be, but, deep down, I had fun with it. I would only recommend it while its on sale, andto newcomers of the franchise. 