Oh, you managed to have a solid, well though plan which worked well and you even assissinated the target but then you died?Oh, dont worry! Well just throw you back before you even infiltrated the place! Really really bad checkpointsRemember the features introduced in other games such as double assissination, whistling while covered and such?Oh boy, those? Theyre locked of course!Gamelengtheners? Definitely, remember Assassins creed II where you had to look for these emblem rock thingies to unlock the Altair armor? Its okay! well throw in some emblems you dont even know how to decypher just so you can unlock the same old boring armor from the other previous games!Stealth? Whats that? Your stealth abilities are based on your armor or boosts/skills, amazing, a chest armor with FLOWERS all over them are stealthier than a regular vest, coloring your armor does nothing btw, even though camouflage is a real thing used by soldiers to be more stealthy.Good clothing/amor/weapons? Well, yes! This AC title has one of the best customization features, it allows you to have different parts of armor, chest, trousers, boots, gauntlets.This AC title also features a variety of weapons you didnt see on other titles like heavy and long weapons.The map design is a bit mediocre, sure, its meant to look like France but it really has nothing to benefit stealth.The climbing is obnoxious and hard, you cant move to where you go and if you press to go left it will have a delay, go to the other direction and return to the directed you pressed before.Covering is annoying, you want to cover and theres an enemy in front of the object youre covered on, the game will not allow you to assassinate at first, youll have to glance in and then MAYBE you can.Want to get over the cover? Oh, boy. Lets get you on TOP of it instead, exposing yourself to everyone!Again, I get that they tried to make the map as best as possible but it doesnt have anything to benefit your climbing, again.Wanna look badass like Ezio when fighting? Too bad.Low health and want to win a fight badass looking anyways? Too bad, guards one hit kill you when youre low and out of medicine.Surely, you can parry really easily just like other games and still look awesome right? Nope.Enemies get really hard to fight at points, I just try to avoid any confrontations at all.They are way too fast or too many for you to parry sometimes, damage is also increased if youre looking to have a stealthy armor, knocked down to the ground? RIP, stabby stab on ya!The plot is nice but it really doesnt make you feel like youre gonna get rewarded for anything you do.Thats all, I rate this game 7/10.Buy it if youre into Assassins Creed, into the plot or just like the way it feels.This game isnt recommended for people who have not played any other AC game though.