Assassins Creed Unity offers a more enhanced experience to new and veteran AC players. Sadly, some of which needs improvement, especially the problems that were present during launch.The game had a bad launch. I was expecting it to have a more polished release, but Ubisoft decided to release the game because they had a deadline to catch up. A lot of players gave a really negative impression on the game and the company as well because of numerous bugs and glitches that were present during release. I preordered the game five months before its release because I was hyped for it and Im also a hardcore AC fan. It was so disappointing that the game was halfbaked, so I decided to refund it when Valve added refund systems on Steam.After nearly two/three years, I decided to give this game a chance and bought it when it went on sale last week. I already finished the single player campaign, and I can say that the whole story of Unity is pretty forgettable in my opinion. Still, its a pretty fun game to play. The Dead Kings DLC is pretty boring and annoying, especially when you explore the ruins. Pretty much youll be surrounded by numerous thugs and probably end up dead in minutes. Multiplayer is fun as well. I tried two multiplayer missions and its really cool that you get to complete missions with other players with different play styles. Im glad that Ubisoft really did fix most of the bugs and glitches, and they also gave the Dead Kings DLC for free, which was supposedly be available for those who preordered the game or purchased the season pass.Heres a breakdown of my Pros and Cons of the gamePROS beautiful graphics parkour is more improved and really fluid multiplayer is fun a lot of side quests music is good most bugs and glitches fixed combat is easy and looks really cool, especially the finishers stealth is improved story is okay you can choose skills and buy equipment that fit your play style Paris is fun to explore Weapons are really good Dead Kings DLC can help you grind more money, especially when you loot chestsCONS controls are really annoying. I cant perform doubleassassinations easily even if two enemies are close and whenever I freerun, sometimes I go the wrong way even if Im facing a certain direction. AI is sometimes overpowered. They react easily even if you sneak. you cannot complete all skills even if you finish the single player campaign. You can earn more points for it on multiplayer. story is really short and forgettable, and you can finish it maybe in a few days a companion app may be required if you want to grind a lot. You can also pay for a premium upgrade if you want a full experience the characters speak English with a British accent instead of a French accent. It really ruins the immersion in my opinion at least the crowd speaks French.In its current state, I recommend you buy this game when its on sale. I feel the current price may not be worth its value, but the game is really fun to play, especially with friends on multiplayer.P.S. I guess this is my first serious game review. I still need to work on my composition, but I tried. D 