U P D A T EOkay, so  Iuninstalled the game and got it reinstalled onto my computer. Luckily saved files are sent right to Ubisoft so  i could just start where I left off. I went to the mission, accepted it, and it ran. SO far Ive put a few hours in this game and I am actually starting to really enjoy it. I mean, besides the fact that I needed to wait so long to get my computer fixed and some bugs  which dont seem to appear as much as people say they do I think Assassins Creed Unity is a great game that all Assassins Creed Fans should play and ENJOY. Emphasis on ENJOY. I saw the trailer for this game and was mindblown and I know I saw others say the exact same thing like ermahgersh theyre making the combat harder finally! and now I look back and see Oh my god they made the combat like WAY too hard and its really stupid how they bicker about crap like that.UPDATESo I finally got my computer fixed and it is 100 better its able to run it and everything..... sad thing is, I get to like the second mission, arnos grown up this being after the talk about Elise visiting, everything seems JUST fine, but then once I try to start the mission..... the game freezes. I cant get out of it AT ALL. Not sure if I need to bring the graphics down a knotch or two or something, but I cannot start the freaking mission. Its frustrating really. I was SO excited to join the game and tell everybody how the game is actually not as bad as you think, but this happened. Im not sure if I should be, but Im pretty disappointed with Ubisoft  although it could just be my computer doing something weird that causes it to do this.I cant really decide whether to recommend this game or not. That is to say that I bought  what I originally thought were  pretty great parts for a brand new gaming computer which I was purchasing mostly for the sole purpose of being able to play this game AND Far Cry 4 but alas I was barely able to do anything at all. Basically when starting it up, it was VERY choppy getting to the menu screen, but when I actually got to the menu screen it was perfectly fine. Barley any drop in frames or anything...... That is until I began to play the game. When I started it up it was so choppy that I couldnt even play it. Im surprised really since supposedly this computer should be able to run it farely well. Personally Im pretty sad to see this amount of money gone to waste, but hopefully EVENTUALLY I can get better parts so I can finally run AND play this game and others to come.In the end, if you have a topoftheline gaming computer then by all means get the game and enjoy, BUT if you do not think you have a SUPER uptodate gaming computer dont waste your money. 