UPDATE More positive reviews than negective yay!After all 500 tries I got the game working. Sure its only 15 fps but its better than nothingBasic description The French Revoultion has begun you are Arno Dorian an assassin who has lost his father, he must go on a journey for redemtion, innocense and honor, all while dealing with his stepsister being a templar, the french revoulotion and the deaths of his friends and family.QualityIT has certaintly MIND BLOWING graphics even on the lowest settings, truly next gen. The settings are less optimized and you cant lower the settings as much as before. Since patch 5 ther isnt really many glitches. Hair can occaisonly glitch out and fly everywhere. The speed and fps of the game is really slow even at the lowest settings.Freerunning It remains widely the same as the previous games, although it is more fluid and fast animations also look more realistic. Guards can no longer freerun and can barley sprint, they can nly get on rooftops by laddersCombat Its certaintly the best combat ever in an Assassins Creed game. The combat is no long a press e to counter system. You now have to parry then attack but if you attack too soon it could proceed to you getting hit. Sometimes parrying does not work and you have to dodge. Dodging  is mainly used for dodging gun fire and long and heavy weapons. Attaking is now more complex and if attack to many times you yourself could be parryed or dodged. If you do not take advatage of your tools you could easily be outmatched. Fight against 7 guards on the ground while 4 gunmen are on the roof This could be a tough situation but you could attack some of the swordsman until a gunmen is about to fire than you drop a smoke bomb,dodge and shoot them.Custimization Definetly the best custimization in an AC game 100s of weapons, armor, and colors.You can use your diffrent tools for diffrent things like Using the Prowler set during stealth and midevil during combat.Every Sequence in the game.MAJOR SPOILERS FOLLOWSequence 1 Seems fun so far. The game starts in 1397 I think where you a templar fighting assassins. In 1790s you are introduced to Arno the main protaginist at a young age. He spots a little girl and chases her until the hit outside, the girl bets Arno he can not steal an apple. Arno steals the apple and a guard spots him he chases Arno but you escape. You go in and find your father dead, the girlswho has now been named Elise father adopts Arno. 17 yearsI think after Arno is taking his watch back a man walks in and chases him. His brother takes the watch which proceeds to a chase. You get the pocket watch and escape. You return to your manor where you find the brothers have found you and tell Elises father he says they will discuss it later, Arno does chores only to see that a letter needs to be delivered he tries to deliver it by chasing the carriage he left in, yet he cant catch up, he goes to the top of a tower and finds the carriage he goes in walking to him but the brothers came back which leas to a fight, Arno wins and escapes from the guards. He goes back to the mansion but he learns Elise is at a party he is sure that she misplaced his invatation, so he puts the letter under the office door and steals a suit goes too the palace only to be told no. He sneaks in and attempts to find Elise. Which is succesful but he goes and finds his stepfather dead on the ground and is framed for it and put in prison the sequence than ends 