Updated Review 9/25/15After my 3rd time playing the game, wanted to update some items.Pros  GraphicsNow that theyve released like 38 patches, the game looks pretty good and runs great. Running the game in 3840x2400 and it is beautiful.  will post system specs at the bottom I like the upgrade system so that you can gradually upgrade your assassin, both with skills, and the his gear / outfits / weapons.Cons Everything else. The biggest culprit is the combat system of the game. Theyve removed everything that made the previous iterations great. Im a huge AC fan and have been since the series was released, but this game is just awful. I understand that they wanted to make the game more difficult, but the way they went about it was about the worst way they could have done it. Removed counter kills, human shields, disarms, the ability to pick up weapons. Theyve given every enemy on the battlefield a firearm and to reiterate they removed human shields. Human shields were put in to AC3 and AC4 for the specific purpose of giving you a viable and sensible way to engage enemies with firearms at close range and survive. Absolutely ludicrous by the developers. The combat system alone is so awful that I absolutely cannot recommend the game based on that factor alone. It is THAT bad.Furthermore, the camera system during combat makes it almost impossible to see the enemies as they are engaging you, especially in tight quarters. You will most often just end up dropping smoke bombs left and right so you dont end up dead. When you attempt to parry, sometimes it works, and sometimes it doesnt, even if your timing is perfect. If they wanted to make the game more difficult, they can simply design various enemy classes where certain types of enemies have to be handled differently break defense, tripping the enemy from behind, etc.  see the Batman Arkham series virtually perfect combat system for my meaning. But dont take away whats made the whole franchise great  good mission design, great combat system and great story.Clunky controls  both climbing, and the aforementioned combat. When I press a button it takes a second or two for Arno to respond and do what he should. All previous AC games were not like this  you pushed a button, and your character responded immediately. Im not sure if this is an engine issue with the game, or if they purposely designed it this way, but the controls need to be much smoother and much more responsive.Bad / Nonexistent present day story. Ill reiterate from some of my previous AC game reviews  killing Desmond off was about the dumbest thing they couldve done. The present day story is now boring, and as a result gives you as the player no anchor point to understand what the heck is going on or what the purpose of going back in time. When Desmond was there you were able to have more indepth conversations with your cohorts Shawn, Lucy, Rebecca, etc.. The earlier games did a great job in this area and developed a solid, detailed, coherent story.Poor character development. This is an area Ubisoft has been failing in since AC3. By rushing through the time periods they are not leaving themselves much time to properly develop each main character. Connor, Edward, Shay, Arno, they rush through their lives so quickly that they really dont have time to develop them. By the time youre just starting to get to know the character, theyve moved on and are ending the game only to move on to another character  this is why Ezio was loved so much  not only was AC2 just a magical game and a solid 10/10 in every measurable category, but they developed his character  everything he did, every upgrade he got for his equipment, every move he learned, everything was explained and made sense. They should try to stay in a given time period for 23 games to properly develop a character and close out his life as well as to show proper chronological storytelling from one assassin to the next, especially since they share the same genetic line.Unexplained story happenings  I dont want to spoil anything, so Ill just say at the end of the game you come into contact with certain artifacts, the origins of which are never explained  Ubisoft has been doing a terribly poor job of explaining things in the story and developing it properly like they did through the first 3 or 4 games.I absolutely cannot recommend this game to anyone. AC series aside, Im not sure if Ive ever played a game I disliked more than this one. Im not sure Id recommend this game even if it was just 5 dollars. Its that bad. Save yourself some cash and steer clear. The developers succeeded in making combat more difficult. They also succeeded in making the game not the least bit enjoyable to play. A new development team is needed to take over the franchise. Whoever worked on AC2, ACB, ACR, and AC4 need to be working on Unitys successor. Whoever the game director was for AC Unity should be doing QA only going forward.Rig SpecsASROCK 990FX Extreme 4AMD FX 835016GB DDR32 EVGA GTX Titan X Hydro Copper  2Way SLI