TLDR If youre like me love AC and dont hate ubisoft, still, dont get this game unless you like frustrating controls.I bought this game over the Christmas sale after all the updates to it. Ive always liked AC and never adopted any of the vitriolic ubisoft hatred thats been going around even after WatchDogs. I didnt want to pay full price and thought, how bad can it really be. The truth is, the game is not entirely bad. In fact, Id say this game would be one of the best ever if it werent for one thing. And this one thing isnt the graphics or the FPS drops or glitches, all things I dont really care about and neither should a hypocritical gaming community that is always claiming graphics dont matter. The thing that makes this game a pain in theto play is the controls and the camera. Now, most AC PC ports have funky controls, which is why I have a controller. Trying to play this game with a keyboard and mouse is almost entirely impossible. I cant climb up anything, response time is absurdly sluggish, and freerunning is a pain. You clamber around painfully slowly, refusing to move forward even when its perfectly safe. And the camera likes to swing wildly around which makes fights where you have to see the enemys healthbar if you want to parry anything almost impossible. It is slightly more playable with a controller, and Im going to continue tweaking the controls to see if I can actually play it.And I do really want to play the game because in all honesty, it looks like a beautiful game. Even with the small amount of the story ive seen, I already like Arno and ive honestly never cared about the characters in any AC game, theyve always been about the gameplay for me. The voice acting and character models are some of the best yet. The music is great. The environment is at its most immersive. Paris is exciting and interesting, and returning to the verticality of a European city after the last two games is refreshing. Yet the controls absolutely destroy my ability to play and enjoy the game. Its like trying to read a book backwards and upside down. My guess is that the controls were one of the things that suffered from the rushed release and never got fixed in any of the updates I havent had any crashing, freezing, or weird glitches since playing, so Im just assuming that the updates fixed those problems. And like I said, its also been a problem endemic to AC pc ports and is even a problem extending back to the Prince of Persia ports. Seriously Ubisoft, stop  all over PC gamers.