I preordered the game and wasnt able to play it on launch because I was waiting for my new computer to get here.... That being said, I didnt start playing until after the second patch came out so I missed a lot of the frustration that others have experienced. I personally loved the game aside from the odd storyline.I think the Assassins order is a complete mess in this game, they seem fractured and annoying... Arno would have been better off never speaking to them. The story line honestly feels like a complete mess to me and I dont understand the motivation of most of the characters. On the flip side I do like Arno and felt he was a more rounded character.The game only crashed two or three times in all the times I played it and I only had one or two minor glitches. Nothing worth noting, again, this was after the first two patches came out. The parkour in this game is the best in the series, there was a lot less jumping off of crap unintentionally and the combat was a huge improvement. Personally I dont like being able to take on 50 guards at once and walk out unscathed, I do prefer a little more realistic combat unlike prior AC games where you can drop a smoke bomb and kill three guards instantly.I didnt care to try the Nomad companion app to open the blue chests and I was not interested in unlocking armor from other games using Initiates. I personally dont like wearing the outfits from the other games because I feel like it makes the main character look even more out of place than he already does.The multiplayer is fun now that it works but the missions are also playable and completable solo. I didnt mess with clubs or whatever Ubisoft called guilds/clans.All in all it was a great game, my only complaint aside from the idiotic French Assassins Guild was that all the tie in apps and programs like initiate were not up and running at game launch. Most people are going to beat the game and then not play it, so if something is not ready at launch, it may never get used and become a waste of time. 