And finally, another update after 40 hoursThe games freaking awesome.  Look, if youre on a budget dont bother buying it, but if youre like me and 60 is not the end of the world and you liked Black Flag, just do yourself a favor and buy it.theres enough gear to keep things fresh, multiplayer is unfortunately glitchy but when it works is actually pretty cool.  I like parkouring all over the place with random strangers on the internet and collecting epic amounts of loot.  Theres also some sort of club mode to unlock more gear which is supposedly coming soon.Obviously, dont buy the extraas that just encourages the stupid paytoplay model I paid 60 and Im done.  But its definitely a ridiculously awesome game see below about detailed NPCs and world.Ignore the babies that cry about hardware buy an Xbox One or PS4 for 400500 and play it on there and just stop complaining already.  The PC specs were publicly released so learn to read and get over it.Still clocking hours, at 42 now and only at 41 total sync.  Probably got at least another 40 hours in me before I get bored.  Its just so much fun to run around and climbin an incredibly detailed world so excuse me if my panties dont twist when I turn off Fraps and run around 40 FPS  though I wouldnt know exactly because its obsessive to worry about framerate at a certain point.Update After 3 hours of gameplay, Im feeling even better about the game.  It feels like Black Flag but better.  The parkour is fun but the real beauty lies in the incredible attention to detail!!You can wander into most buildings and watch NPCs do things  hammer a wagon wheel into shape, plane a wooden construction piece, receive a haircut, steal kisses with their lovers, clowns in the marketplace juggle and blow fire, NPCs eyeball you as you walk past  simply amazing.  I am really disappointed everybody is hating on this game, as the people responsible for producing this game have enhanced everything from Black Flag and made it better.If your hardware is not highend, youre going to have a bad time  thats obvious.  But the gameplay, scenery, and detail is through the roof amazing.I have not had a single CTD.  I turned on triple buffering in the Nvidia control panel and the cutscenes arent lagging as bad.  Yes, some of the cutscenes do lag  just like The Witcher 2 does with Ubersampling on.  Get over it!I cant believe all the super negative reviews!  Apparently, people have chosen to ignore that this game is demanding and requires cutting  though not bleeding  edge hardware.With a 780ti I would expect the game to run well, and it does.  In fact, more satisfyingly well than Watch Dogs did actually Watch Dogs still runs choppy when textures are on cranked Ultra, even though it supposedly only requires 3GB VRAM  but thats a different story.  This game, with everything cranked up to Ultra and AA set to TXAA or MSAA x4, runs in the 3050 FPS range with the occasional dip to 25 FPS.I do use a controller and so I dont notice any input lag which is probably there because Im using VSync.  However, it feels like Black Flag the only other AC game I every played and I am thrilled thus far.  Ive only put about an hour into it, and let me share the pros and cons Ive seenCons A few jitters during the initial cutscene, some flickering in the peoples clothing when you draw nearer/glance over at them Black Flag does this, too, somewhat fuzzy NPC faces Watch Dogs was guilty of this, some strange outlines around hair or edges, some NPCs that got stuck in the road they sunk down to their waists and glitched around for a minute before respawning.Theres no way Im going to let a few glitches on Day One ! make me give this game a bad review.  I hail from the land of the Elder Scrolls where games tend to be a somewhatglitchy labor of love.Pros Very nicely detailed environments foliage and textures are great, LOTS of NPCs makes the world seem alive, increased parkour movement you can slide off of things when you want to go down, armwaving and balancing during leaps, kicking off walls to grab ledges, hardertofind treasure chests they dont put a circle right around them, you actually have to search a bit more to find them, and just plain neato, awesome graphics.Im not quite sure about the combat yet.  Again, I am using a controller which obviously this game was designed for  so do yourself a favor and buy one to play this game!.  The first sequence felt a bit clunky and repetitive with the sword strikes.  But then in the third sequence after the kid grows up, I got in a fight in a yard trying to get a treasure chest and the young Frenchman seems much more nimble in other words, the combat seemed to vary with the other character and seemed much more fluid.So anyways, as you can see I have not exhaustively played this game by any means.  However I would like to say that the massive volume of thumbs down reviews is entirely unjustified from my experience.  If you try to play this game on a laptop or any other nonsupported hardware, you may not have a great time and might have to wait for patches to come out which they invariably will.  If you meet the recommended specs youll be fine.  For anybody wondering, I did mention my GPU above but my CPU is a i5 4670K but not overclocked  running at 3.4 GHz and perfectly fine from what Im seeing.