Im a huge fan of the Assassins Creed Series. Sadly though in the last few years the games well, more likely Ubisoft has let me down. It started with revelations not a great game storywise and went on to AC3 a huge dissapointment. Mainly because it had so much potential, but they half arsed it instead of taking their time. What really annoyed me, was that AC3 was so bugged i wasnt able to get the game to 100 completion. And believe me, i tried! So when all hope was lost, along came AC4 Black Flag. And what a beautiful game it was. Good story, beatiful setting and a open world to die for! So with all my hopes back up i bought AC Unity with the season pass. 80 wasted.Dont get me wrong, i absolutely love this game! The freedom and the setting is as if you had combined the best two games in the series AC2 and Black Flag. There are a lot of new features which gives the game a new edge compared to the ones before, like the Coop. For more details on the new features, read other commentsSo why not recommend it? My fps arent great even though my settings are at the lowest. But seeing that my PC isnt topoftherange, that doesnt bother me. Because even though the settings are on Low the game still is beautiful. So thats not the reason. My main problem is, is that the game constantly crashes. When it happens once in a while ok, it can happen. But 3 times in two hours? Thats pushing it.I want to love this game! I really do! But in this state its unplayable and it just ruins the entire experience. So its with regret that i have to notrecommend it. Wait until its on sale in a year or so. Maybe then itll be halfway fixed and worth its money. EDIT Since the new updates From Ubisoft and Nvidia this game hasnt crashed once on me and I just played it 10h straight. So now that my only reason not to recommend it has been dealt with, I can finally give this game a thumbs up!On another note what initaially seemed like a huge waist of money, surprisingly turned out to be a very good buy Im not including the free Ubisoft game For the season pass owners. Not just story and graphics wise, alone the extraordinary amount of content is worth spending the hard earned cash. Im guessing i will be playing this game for over 100h probably for 150 until I reach 100 completion, which I havent done since Revelations. And Im glad Ill be spending that much time with the game!So yes! Buy the game if you are an Assasins Creed fan and want to relive the freedom and history of Assassins Creed 2 combined with the beauty and innovation of AC4 Black Flag.But be warned there are still quite a few bugs in the game though, only minor ones, like falling through the floor or glitching pedestrians. And its unlikely that theyll be fixed. So if you are an Exterminator and hate bugs of all kind, buy this game when its on sale.Otherwise go ahead and dive into revelutionary Paris! And if worse comes to worst you might learn a bit of history...