I got this game way after it came out so i dont know about all this bug stuff because ive had none, so i guess thats fixed, it runs perfect with everything on ultra and its just beautiful. So far this game has just been perfect, Everything is more challenging, No more taking on 15 guys at once, you will be overwhelmed. It forces you to use stratagy and teamwork, I see allot of bad reviews but i think its just people playing the game wrong, They are used to being an unstoppable one man army, Because honestly in the earlier games it was insainly easy, you can instakill anybody without being touched even bullets barely did damage, The earlier games were still amazing though my favorites being the first assassins creed, and black flag. Im not really into microtransactions, to me thats more like for free to play games. But i also dont see anywhere where it forces you to buy anything, Everything ive seen so far can be bought with game money but if you dont want to wait you can basicly cheat and buy it with real money like an impatient rich person, so you can only be mad at yourself if you spend more money. But anyways.. coop, my internet is horrid its dsl, kinda feels like dialup and somehow i was still able to play with 3 other players with no problems, so i think thats amazing. Some people have a problem with the uplay launcher, in my opinion its not a problem, rockstar does the same thing with their social club, its just a social thing, there is DRM but i can play it without internet all i want it seems, just says uplay cant connect right now... But anyways the story is amazing cut scenes are put in seamlessly. I love the main character, i loved all the main characters in all the games, Animations are perfectly fluid, my mind is blown by how many npcs there can be on screen with no lag at all, i mean.. wut? Facial animations are like L.A.noirs enough said. Combat is more complex/challenging, seems to have to do allot with timing and not letting yourself get surrounded in other words you cant just take on everyone with ease, ive died allot lot lot in this game and it has never stopped being fun and it does real good with checkpoints. I love the player customizations, and choosing a main weapon, basicly your class. The game rewards you for everything even if its a small reward, i dont know what else to say, im upset this got so many bad reviews, The only real place i see ubisoft messed up is with performance, the minimum requirements are the highest ive seen so far with a game, not a whole lot of people have a rig with that power, and i guess they had bug issues, but i mean you can only be mad at yourself if you saw the requirments and bought the game without meeting them, this game is a monster but its worth it. 