Assassins Creed is My Favourite GameI haveAssassins Creed Assassins Creed II Assassins Creed III Assassins Creed IV Black Flag Assassins Creed Freedom Cry Assassins Creed Rogue Assassins Creed Brotherhood Assassins Creed Revelations Assassins Creed Liberation Assassins Creed Unity Assassins Creed Syndicate Assassins Creed Chronicels Assassins Creed Origins Assassins Creed UnityLets start with the confession I love the Assassins Creed series. The journey during the American Revolution and the subsequent Caribbean adventures were something fresh. Of course, you could have a lot to say after part three and the character of Connor, but Black Flag has already put the brand on the right track. Unity, on the other hand, makes them revive memories. Unfortunately, they are not always positive.I never had the opportunity to visit modern Paris, but the one from the period of the French Revolution  as a city to explore  never seemed to me a place where the series should go. American adventures of the Assassins showed that the surroundings can be a perfect field for the creative play of designers. In contrast, France in Unity seems to be returning to the state of the Ezio trilogy.SPOILER  /Coming back to Arno, you can feel a lot of Ezio or Edward in it, but at the same time it is a morefocused character, less pugnacious, making it not so characteristic. Interestingly outlined here is the love theme, which is one of the pillars of the story. I spent over twenty hours for the game and part of the side quests, and the map of Paris still has much to discover for me. Should the main thread itself encourage you to buy? I have met with mixed opinions, and I consider it to be a good one, although in some places it is strangely realized. In order not to reveal too much, let me just mention that as the plot progresses, we discover more people involved in the Templar plotting. However, it comes to the situation that every murder from the shadows emerges another opponent, and we can enumerate that by the time we reach the main antagonist, we will kill yet another list of helpers.However, the plot missions themselves were very solidly implemented. It is evident that the creators are shouting to us see what interiors. We spend a lot of time sneaking through the French salons, both staying in the shade and wading through the crowd during the ball. Before most quests, Arno explores the terrain, and in a short cutscene, we get information that places are worth exploring. Sometimes, however, these are too direct instructions, and in the absence of a greater penalty for being discovered, it is associated with a rather natural facilitation of the game.