Without spoilers, I can not go into detail. The motivations and backgrounds of most characters are not introduced, keeping you guessing in the worst way possible. Not Wow, crazzy. Why did he do this? I want to find out, hopefully next chapter... but WTF? Who is this dude, what do they refer to and how does this tie in with the story?. Only three characters get an in depth introduction  seriously, three? Cmon, XCOM made me feel more attached to my soldiers and thats a turn based, topdown squad game were soldiers die and get replaced on a regular basis. Oh, and the enemies  you will face the same enemy faction everywhere, no matter how the quest flavor text lables them. Extremists, templars, thugs, smugglers, mercenaries, all the same 4, 5 guys multiplied in the hundreds, wearing the same uniform.No surprises here. Simple Assassins VS Templars, no moral grey areas as in most previous AC titles. Not even any big turns or revelations. After the first hour, how the story plays out is obvious. Mentioning the tie ins with the story above  Paris does not change at all in between each chapter. You are in one of the most troubled times in French history, yet I did not feel that. The situation did not really deteriorate. Most demonstrations were identical often, the mass was shouting and waving fists at an empty square, a bridge or a wall  wtf?.Oh, and you have no choices. Not one. A really outdated game design choice. Moreover, apart from the main missions, the game is grind. Collectibles in the hundreds, dozens of basically identical side missions completed in 30 seconds... Why, Ubisoft, why?One bright side They managed to make a great love story for Arno and Elise!The whole main story and almost all side missions play in identical looking areas of Paris. There is one tiny slum, some really tiny swamp areas and a big field where an army is camped. The rest is a monotone mix of houses, churches, placaes etc.Ubisoft worked on expanding your options and easing the control especially in free run mode since AC1. But this time, it took a turn for the worse. Unresponsive controls hanging on a lamp post, not being able to drop for 3min blocks not activating, being stuck on a chair Yay, great assassin, go! Reload last checkpoint..., overuse of some keys E is one case where Arno often did things I did not intend another case is Ctrl  ever tried entering a window for a few minutes, giving up frustrated and choosing the main door? or the inability to activate certain abilities ever tried to role when being shot at while running away? Arno simply jumps and gets shot in the back make it hard and immersion breaking to play the game. Yet they become gamebreakers in multyplayer.Its not really Assassins Creed. Stealth is underpowered, badly designed, hard to control and above all  not rewarded. Charging in through the front door remember, Arno often simply does not like the window... Yay, great assassin, go!, haking everybody to pieces, casually looting the corpses and then walk up to your objective is the way to go. Easier, less buggy, more reliable and more Creed Points. Yes, more creed points. Apparently, hackslash style combat finishers and pistol headshots are more in accordance to the Creed than stealthily avoiding any combat.Assassination targets sit idle while you slaughter their household, partys go on with dead bodies everywhere, guards freak out verbally when finding their dead mates only to return to their post within seconds, bystanders shed away from dead bodies with a  delay of several seconds whilst not being bothered be me murdering other people right next to them, quest followers draw dozens of enemies while telling me to be stealthy... I could go on and on here.Dying is inconsequential, cash is abundant, enemies are easy. The hardest part is finding some of the collectibles. I mean, they are marked on the map  easy right? Well, sometimes you have to go underground and make your way through a maze to find it. Yes, an underground maze! Awesome, right? Complex parcour, cool puzzles and the like... No, wait, this is AC Unity we are talking about. The maze is only five junctions with often all but one way blocked.Not really Assassins Creed, most of the content is collectibles, shallow characters, one great love story, hackslash combat, bad stealth. I enjoyed it only because I loved the previous AC titles and was on a constant nostalgia trip.