I waited to buy this game and so played Rogue first I recommend playing in this order anyway as Unity begins where Rogue ended.  I think it was a good choice as I havent experienced most of the gamebreaking bugs that were apparent upon release.  Ive played 30 hours so far and have only experienced one major bug falling through the map during an air assassination attempt.  Im running a Nvidia GTX970 with 8GB ram and 12GB VRAM, so that probably helps.  This game is without a doubt the most graphically beautiful of all the titles in this series.  I spent a good hour simply marveling at the graphical quality of the textures and environments.  I really like this game, as the story so far is good and there is TONS of stuff to do.  I think this is probably the best assassins creed since part 2.  That being said, there are still issues with the gameThe controls.  They are clunky, with the best comparison coming from the first Assassins Creed game with Altair.  You want to do one thing, and Arno does another.  This gets frustrating quickly, especially when Arno randomly going in the opposite direction than you intended compromises your mission.  As many titles as there have been in the series, theres simply no excuse for how unresponsive Arno is.  Ive played almost all titles in this series, and this one has the worst control responsiveness, by far.  This however doesnt render the game unplayable, just frustrating at times.  Ive had a couple of nerdrage keyboard slamming moments as a result.Lockpicking is unnecessarily hard.  I suppose this is a highly opinionated statement, but I really found that you cant master the timing, because the indicator activates somewhat randomly when you hit the space bar to trigger the pick.  This becomes less an issue with lockpick mastery upgrades, but I think they could have polished this system better.Issues aside, I still recommend this game.  With the issues I read about from release, I dont think I could have recommended it then, but thats why I waited to play this game over six months after release.