It is a little bit difficult to review a game like this, specially with popular opinion this game has already... either way, let me share my experience about it...This time you step on the shoesor boots of Arno Dorian in Paris, France during the French Revolution. While the start is a little bit confusing as you start as a random assassin guy going through a random mission against some templars. Eventually you get to be on Arnos shoes and go through his whole Assassin training and then missions. While all of this is happening, in the real world you are just a normal guy using something called Helix, which is gaming device produced by Abstergo the templar company so, you can live or relive different genetic memories from people in the past. While the story plot is not bad, is not really as memorable as you might think. Thats all I would say about it as dont want to spoil it for everyone.This game did a complete overhaul to the fighting system in the Assassins Creed games giving the player an actual challenge and making you think twice before going all guns blazing on everyone you find. At least it becomes challenging until you find out you can just throw a smoke bomb and pretty much take 4 or 5 enemies down while they are confuse. If you are going into a sword only fight you will have to learn the timing to parry the enemies attacks as if you do them too early or too late and you will get hit. A thing to keep in mind when fighting a group of soldiers or rebels are the enemies shooting at you with rifles but then again you are an Assassin and have a whole bunch of weapons to deal with your enemies, like mini arrows, pistols, smoke bombs and of course the hidden blade.While go through the game you will level up Arno and suit it to your play style, by getting different pieces of cloth with different abilities, some are good for stealth while others are good to tank more hits. You really have the freedom to choose what play style suits you better.In this game they introduced a sneaking mode which can help to take down enemies silently and without fighting an entire groups of enemies, but sneaking around is not your thing, you can always equip yourself with a battle axe and get everyone in your way. Another notable change was they completely change the parkour system and scaling and jumping from building to building is way easier and believe you will need it as 75 of the time you will be jumping around and doing Assassin stuff.There is a lot, believe me... A LOT of side content to complete in this game. If you really want to complete the game to 100 like I did, it might take you a while. The side missions can go from collectibles, discovering the map, specific side missions, investigations, heists, etc. During some of the side missions for some rare glitch in the Abstergo system, Arno will be transported to modern times and you will see tanks, planes and stuff from World War 2 all of these is not related to the story at all but it is introduced to you as the player using the Abstergo gaming system.While this game took out the multiplayer mode the previous game had, which are mostly if not all competitive, you looking and eliminating other players in this game they changed it out completely and made it so it was cooperative play only of course the coop mode only works for some specific missions, mostly heists and assassinations. The few times I tried to do the coop missions have to say the connectivity it was not as good and not too many players are actually using it, so finding someone to do coop is a chore. While is the coop is not bad, is not as good either... in other words, is meh!.This is where everyone pretty much bashed this game and have to say after the critical patches they did a way long time ago the game is pretty much playable, of course thinking you have a good graphics card and CPU as the performance is not really constant and being the type of game where you find a lot of NPCs on the streets constantly. Most of the times the game fluity will be affected mostly when you are outside, most of the indoors missions keeps the performance fluid, but you will be mostly outside running out in the street. Unfortunately, after this game was released in a really bad state and the performance not being as good as you might expect, the well known Ubisoft Quality that all Ubisoft games have nowadays where the performance in PC is not stellar and you most likely need to find a work around to be able to play.If you like the Assassins Creed game series and want something different from the previous 3 games, this game is definitely recommended for you, but having in mind you will need a good PC to be able to run it properly. The story is average and not really memorable, the gameplay it is good when you get used to it but at the same time it gets repetitive if you are going for 100 completion. Something worth mention it is compare to the launch date where you were required to have the app to be able to unlock some of the items in game, now it is not necessary to have the app now as everything you supposed to get from the app is now unlocked automatically. All in all, Id recommend this game only if you PC supports it and if you have played the previous games, so of course, get it when it is on sale. 