Assassins Creed Unity. Well, what can we expect? After finishing it after almost 50 hrs, i can safely say, it is another Assassins Creed game.If you like the gameplay mechanics of the previous games, you will find in Unity another great game of the Series.The graphics are astonishing. Yes, you need quite a good rig to really run that game on Ultra settings, but if you can, it just looks beautiful. Only downer is the 30 fps lock thanks to the consoles and the laziness of the devs and the fact that the borderless window resolution for gamers with 2 Screens seems to be broken. But both is managable and the beatiful look of the game conceals those problems.As i said, the gameplay is the usual Assassins Creed formula. Which isnt necessary a bad thing. I myself always liked the free running and climbing, the hidden kills and the stealth. It is up to your personal decision.A shame that the devs put no naval warfare in the game and the critic the devs earned was well deserved. The naval warfare was the highlight of Black Flag. It was really well executed. But how could the devs add Naval Warfare to a game that basically only plays in Paris? I think it is quite impossible. Instead of the Naval Warfare, the developers put a lof of effort into the scenery and the city Paris itself.The city feels very authentic and if we can believe what the developers said, Paris should be very accurate to its real counterpart.In no other Assassins Creed game the city and the citizens felt so alive and real. I have to say that i was really impressed. The citizens do so many different things and dont just run through the streets like in the previous games. They paint, they play violin, couples run hand in hand through the streets and watch theatre. So many different things can be seen if you just run through streets. For the first time you really feel like you are in a real city and not in a computer program that puts people on the streets because they are needed for gameplay.Many people that do a lot of things cause, of course, some problems  Since the last patch the floating of people through the air is almost gone. Here and there you sure see some tho.Just like the people and city, the audio and sounds are good as well. The soundtrack of Jesper Kyd is really missed since AC Revelations. The soundtrack was never as good as when Jesper Kyd made the music. Nontheless the music is OK and the ingame sounds are pretty good. They enhance the already good flair of a lively Paris.What really annoyed me on the sound is ever repeating of said lines. You go through the streets and hear ever 50 meters the same line in french. It is really annoying. Some goes to the accent of the english spoken textes, Somehow they have British accent. It is very annoying since we are in France and not in Britain. It really killed the flair a bit. It wasnt necessary to let them all speak with french accent, but the British accent doesnt really fit into the game one bit.The characters are kinda bland. Like in every AC game you meet a huge variety of historc persons and you interact with them and sadly, like in most games they are kinda bland. Devsprobably did it tonobody off? I dont know. Except of Napoleon, who had a bit fire in him and some good lines, the rest were not that great.The main characters arent bad, but they arent very good either. In the end Arno is a normal guy that you can easily identify yourself with. Elize, well. I cant really say whats up with her. She kinda annoyey me. She isnt really like the usual Damsel in distress. But somehow her thickheaded behaviour annoyed me quite a bit. Maybe i cant cope with strong willed women xDThe content is huge. Like, really huge. Many, many sidequests. A lot of chests and collectibles to open and find. So if you are up to collect em all, you will have a lot of fun. A lot of districts to explore. Which you have to explore the usual AC style. Climb up the biggest building around and synchronize with it  It was fun climbing up the Pantheon or the Louvre.The combat is like always. Very good. Finally you dont feel like a killing machine anymore. Every group of enemies beyond 3 or 4 guys bring you in big trouble. The counter system is still there but it isnt as easy to counter every attack and so you will get a lot of hits. Needless to say that Arno wont survive as long and as many hits before he dies. So the fleeing and vanishing plays a way bigger role in this game. And for me it feels good.The weapons come in a huge variety which all influence your gameplay style. Sword and pistol, rifle, heavy weapon or long weapon. All have their own arsenal which is huge btw and their own attacks and pros and cons. With a gue axe you hit harder but you are also slower and so on and so forth.Overall i really liked the combat. It feels more challenging now without sacrificing the usual AC finishers and overall sword fights.The climbing is the usual AC. It is really well executed. With the usual confusing moves arno does once in a while. How many times did i sprint over the streets and all of a sudden Arno just jumped on the wall and then into the Seine while i screamed NO NOT THERE! In the end you deal with it after some time. The easy climbing down is a nice addition btw.The story itself is meh. It isnt really that great. The road of redemption sort of story. Wasnt really that good, but at least easy to follow. It never got really tense or a dramatic plot twist. So there is a lot of improvement in that department.Thank god, the devs but as less as possible of the modern world plot in there. It is still there, but it is really a minimum. They should finally cut that crap out at all. It is annoying.The Multiplayer.... yea it is there, but it doesnt feel very good or necessary at all.The before i finish that review, i, of course, have to say something about the state the game once was. The horrible graphic bugs and bad performance issues are a no go. So are the app you need to get some bonuses. To throw the game out in a buggy state like it was is a no go and after the torm Ubisoft got for that fact and some others they hopefully listen. The fact that they granted us the first DLC wont conceal the fact that the game sucked at the start.So despite the mixed user reviews of this game, i personally recommend the game. If you liked the previous AC games, it will give you 40 or more good hours of gameplay.I dont regret that i bought the game. I had a lot of fun.