If you really cant decide wether to buy the game or not just read this and I will convince you to buy it, its worth it and yeah I know this comment is really long but it may help you decide and its detailed and good for people who dont know what to expect from the game thanks ! DSo, many people have been saying this game is not good. The ratings are mixed up. And I can see why. Firstly about 25 of people who say dont buy this say it because they have a bad PC becauese the game doesnt run properly, and with that I agree because I have a really good gaming PC but the game still runs on a low 30  50 FPS even with the graphics being lower. And the over all graphics being on lower as well. And the game still looks really nice with great graphics, so i could only think the graphics maxed up the game would look amazing, like in the trailer. Another 25 suggest you dont buy it because the game is too buggy. I have played this game for 20  hours wich is not a lot but i still found only like 1 or 3 minor bugs. I dont know if i will encounter any more later on but I think many people are over reacting it saying that the game has so many bugs when I go around the open world and I see none. And another 25 suggest not to buy it because the story and pretty much the over all game is bad. I dont think the story is bad, it started out well and im into the story now and I thinks its interesting with nice twists and turns throughout the game. And I think the story is veryvery long as well. And the other 25 say its a good game, like I do.The GameplayFor the gameplay I would say it is really really good. You can select some classes throughout the game. You can be building on Health class, Stealth class, Ranged class and meele class. If i remember correctly. I like playing stealthy. You can really make your game so that it fits your prefered class, by choosing the correct weapons, skills  equipment. If you want to build on a class you can get all these things and the gameplay with any class is fun and great. For the fighting mechanincs I would say its great, you have enough time to parry attacks if you are good enough and you can counter attack after you parry. You can choose between what weapons you want, one handed, long, heavy, pistols,rifles and therifles with the axe blade on them  I forgot what you call them lol D The gameplay with all of those weapons are great, some have advantages and some have disadvantages. If you buy a really expensive weapon then the work really really well.For a bit of stealth...The stealth system has been upgraded fully. Now you can get into covers next to a wall or table or pretty much anything, also you can switch covers silently wich both looks cool and is useful. And there are new ways to kill people too, like cover assassinations and stuff. And the enemys hearing has been added. Then can hear you if you run behind them, or if you jump, or if you kill someone right behind their back or shoot a gun. Theres also a really good spotting system added wich is that if you are walking around the enemy a bit closer to them in the line of sight they will start being suspicious and a yellow ! mark will appear above their head, if you hang about or walk closer to them they will stard walking towards you and threatening you and pushing you away to guard a restricted area for example. If you hang about for too long the ! mark will turn orange and then they chase you for a bit and shout at you.  also if you do anything more suspicious than just walking around like running or climbing walls or something they will spot you and the ! mark turns red and they are going to chase you and shoot you and try and fight you. If you kill someone right infront of them the ! mark turn red right away because obviously you just killed their mate and thats a bit suspicious if you ask me, also in restricted areas if you walk right towards them they will attack straight away, if they only see you for one or two seconds then they will start to get suspicious and go to check out whats up. Also the difficulty of the enemy is a good system as well. LVL 1 enemy are really easy to kill and parry and you can kill them easy with a good weapon and as the LVL of the enemy increases the harded it is to parry and kill. Also the difficulty of the enemy depends on the difficulty of the district, for example in a difficulty LVL 1 district you will encounter difficulty level 1 or 2 enemy. Also for a bit more stealth the smoke bombs and other bombs work well and there is a last known position feature added wich is that wherever the enemy saw you last there is a white ghost that appears to mark where you were, this is useful for stealth.InteractionThe world and the game became a way more interactive. For example you can walk into most houses and blend into massive crowds etc... There are also random crowd events like killing criminals that are marked, or tackling a theif to get a purse or something back or protecting a guy from extremists and many more, and if you complete all of the Social events in one district you get a prize. You can also scare of civilians if you draw your weapon wich is pretty funny to see the whole crowd leg it D also you get to change your character to however you want it, ofcourse into the classes I was talking about you need to buy the correct equipment and weapons so your character will pretty much look a certain way because you will need to buy certain gear for your character to work well with its class. Also you can choose different colours for your assassin wich is pretty cool, for some you need to collect cockades and for one you need uplay points and for the other ones you need creed points wich you get by preforming assassin like actions in the game like assassinations or cover kills etc... And one other stealth weapon has been added. The phantom blade , wich is a mini crossbow on your wrist that you shoot bladed out of, this is really useful when you wanna kill two people that are away from eachother and you want them both dead because you dont wanna get into contact with them, you shoot one with the phantom blade and assassinate the other. You can also upgrade your gear with creed points wich adds extra bonuses.Whats badI hate that mostly all enemy has a gun and they are op. If you are fighting a group of people one of them stands aside and shoots you with a gun wich almost instantly kills you, you cant even stop them from shooting you because the other people stand in your way so you cant get to them. Also they almost never miss, it is extremeley rare that they will miss you. Theres also lots of the lads with guns all over the place and its just a pain that you will die instantly from one shot that never misses.one thing I also hate is that the missions or heists give you like no money unless its like a lvl 4 difficulty wich is really hard to do alone, and in Co op its pretty hard to find people to play with, if you do find someone to play with its good because you can work together.I reckon you should buy the pack with rogue and unity because you get a 2 for one deal untill the 4 th of january. Rogue is said to be really really good but I havent played it yet. Thanks.