So, I am going to give this game a Yes recommendation based on my personal opinion. However, I would HIGHLY advise purchasing the game for awhile till the major bugs and everything are fixed. Keep that in mind when reading this review.Overall, the reason you should hold off on buying Assassins Creed Unity is simply because of the very unstable and poor launch it has had. Everything from really bad optimization issues and really bad FPS issues, to bugs like getting stuck in hay carts, falling through the map, and even falling into empty rooms that you cannot get out of during Coop missions. I am sure there are a surplus of other bugs as well and honestly, its very embarrassing with the state the game is in right now.Not to mention, not all of the games content is in just yet. Right now the Club Competitions arent up yet. The initiates daily missions and whatever else are still Coming Soon As of 10/15/2014.But being as bugs dont effect my overal opinion on the game itself in terms of content and story the game is amazing. It is worth the buy in terms of the game in itself. Characters are great Though I still think Arno looks too much like Peter Parker from Spiderman, Elise God what a hottie, and the amazing historical figures such as Napoleon himself, make this game worth while. The amount of content in terms of side missions, Coop, heists, open world freeroam with up to 3 other players also make this game enjoyable.Not only that, this game has three campaign like stories to follow. You have Arnos Single Player Story, you have Paris Stories Side Missions, and you have the Coop missions That have cutscenes and tell a small story as well. A lot of content to be consumed here.Movement is a bit sticky at times, but overally the combat and movement without the bugs feels very fluid when it wants to behave. Customization I wouldnt really say is too indepth, but it offers some nice personalization to your assassin. Disappointed that some of the cool outfits I like dont have much of a stealth bonus to it while the ones that I dislike do.Weapon selection is pretty diverse. Not too expansive, but offers a some choice in what kind of combat style you prefer. Whether it be using a pistol in close range combat to give you an edge when fighting with a sword, to sacrificing the pistol for a rifle instead to snipe targets from afar, or even giving up speed and parry sword for heavy attack weapons like Halberds or axes to deal a lot of damage. The game offers different combat styles to you.