Following in the joyful wake of Black Flag, Unitys France is bleached, boring, and tiresome after a couple hours of playing.Heres a couple things Ive decided so far Combat is atrocious, many times amounting to two slashes traded followed by a body slumped on the floor... many times that of your own due to obnoxious bystanding assailants peppering you with shot as you awkwardly flail about. Sometimes you mysteriously fall dead at a nick. Firearms are also wielded with drunken repose. Clumsiest fighting system of the last several games... Crowds are much more dense, but also that much more painful to wade through. The engine is also quite happy to populate interesting places that really dont need 15 people to stand about gawking. The minimap and world is cluttered with crap that you really probably have no interest in anyways. Here, have some markers for newspapers on each block. Heres a glittery object that gives you stats on the fact that youve unlocked armors, despite the fact that you can do that by pressing tab. Heres a glittery object that tells how much of the game youve completed. Heres another glittery object that ambiguously ranks you against other people, because you care about that right? Heres a glittery object that lets you form a guild Why?. Heres a mission where an endless parade of other players will pop into your mission and do nothing worthwhile, then die and disconnect. On that note, Ubisoft tries to shove multiplayer down your throat. Most people I know dont give two weeviled baguettes about multiplayer in a game like this. An immersive and thoughtful story and decent gameplay would be great. Try investing more effort in that. Arno is about as interesting as the sheet of cardboard I keep in my garage should I have to work under my car or lawnmower. The characters are so damned lame. Usually AC breathes stunning life into each era it works with, but this installment feels as dusty as a tomb. There have been several pretty cool segments so far, but theyre quite fleeting. I really have a hard time caring at all about the entire Revolution occuring during the game, frankly. Climbing is laughably bad this time around. Youll float up precipitous portions of vertical architecture like an ungodly ghostape, but have a great deal of trouble decending despite the hyped downward free action. The Ubisoft DLC money grab is shameless. I expected nothing less from them, but it really gets old...Some of this stuff can be patched away, but theres some fundemental disappointments here. I really hope they work some magic on it, otherwise this might be the first AC I delete before I finish... And thats saying something considering how I always get pretty well completed with everything in the other games. 