Update on 12/18/2014 Well the fourth patch finally released and that being Ubisofts game fixing patch for everyone I can honestly say Im never buying Ubisoft again and that I most likely will never play this game again. More indepth review below TLDR. previous update from third patch moved belowTLDR Still horrible performance after fourth update, all hope is lost...I wrote a review before this one but I was not specific enough and it was more of a rant than informative. I realize this is a bit of a rant but still informative. I also dont care if you think my spelling/grammar is bad, thats just me and not your problem... fourth patch update  on 12/18/14 Never buying Ubisoft games again as stated above this patch was supposedly supposed to fix 99 of the bugs/glitches/framerate issues that the other two patches didnt. Well that idea went down the drain, I have had absolutly zero performance increase steady 15FPS just idiling, link to my PC at bottom I played for about five minutes today and  thats probably the last Ill ever play of this game and anyother Ubisoft games, and thats alot for me because I adored Assassins Creed III, Assassins Creed Black Flag, and WatchDogs. Farwell you pile of garbage. if you want more info, read my earlier reviews and theres my gameplay experience.Update on 12/8/14 for third patch So I wasted my money and three updates later, I still feel I wasted my money? I cant find any news besides them saying they are working mainly on crashesat this rate, Ill never buy Ubisoft games again.Review 11/28/14 first and second patches I cant belive this, the game has been out for almost a month now and I still cant get above 30FPS on lowest quality graphics, yet my PC can run Battlefield 4 on high/ultra graphics and get a constant 70 framerate link to parts at bottom. This is garbage, its making me more and more frustrated with Ubisoft by the day. They released a day one and two patch which only reduced bugs... Seirously?Ill talk more about that later From launch day Ive never gotten a reliable 30fps when it counts outdoors running around completing missions but I can tell you I get a reilable 1015fps on lowest quality. In all honesty, in other games i.e. DayZ/Arma I am used to the 15ish FPS because thats all ive ever known for thoes games but I got better frames on Assassins Creed Black Flag on my Playstation 4 and Assassins Creed III on my Playstation 3 than I do on my far more powerful PC. I have not seen any of the seirous bugs that others have mentioned before me mainly because I can hardly play the game but I have seen my fair share of popins and lighting issues. Before you go complaining Oh, you are such a dbag, you have 5 hours logged, I can assure you, I spent more time up and away from my computer because I was so frustrated with the game that I was too angry to even close it out than I really spent playing. The story is ruined for me and so is the franchise, Ill never preorder a game again because of this screw up it was my first time pre ordering a game too!. I did like the fact that Ubisoft came out and said that they would be giving free DLC to people who got the game and free DLC/Game to people who bought the season pass or the gold editon but honestly, they should give a free game to everyone. I dont understand why I am getting less of a game than others simply because I bought AMD/Radeon, and before you go saying Oh, you are such a dbag, you should have gotten Intel/GTX Ill have you know this is the first gaming PC Ive owned/built, so screw off. The first and second patches were mainly bugs, really? Sure, I understand there were some major game breaking bugs that needed to be fixed but this is un believable, I spent 60 on a game, trusting that it would be in working condition on launch day. I survived Battlefields launch, I think I could survive a few more bugs but when Ubisoft spent all their time and assets fixing bugs and not the graphics issues PC players had? That was like a slap in the face with the money I just handed them, and what made it even worse was the fact that its STILL NOT FIXED, WE ARE ALMOST A MONTH IN AND I CANT GET ABOVE 30FPS! I would actually be happy to play the game at a constant 30FPS on low quality rather than a unreliable 20FPS on low quality.My PCI understand the case/keyboard/mouse/headset dont matter, they were already in there and, No Im not changing it.