Assassins Creed Unity is a game with some great ideas but some things arent so good.The game looks very nice in general, with some upsets here and there. All famous buildings like cathedrals and palaces look especially good and wellmade. The sense of French revolution is there shows the time much better than previous games Assassins Creed Black Flad and Rogue. Themed collectibles support that perfectly. This is the first time some of the chests are locked as well as doors. There are three levels of the lock, corresponding to three levels of ability. To unlock the chest you need a lockpick. If you successfully unlock the chest you dont lose the lockpick.Fighting, running, and climbing was changed a bit as well. Nothing serious, it looks different, looks better. When you kill an enemy now you can perform a final blow to gain points. New weapons and new utilities were added, but some of them were removed. Your clothes matter this time. Ubisoft gave them stats, so now its not about choosing the set which you enjoy looking at, its about choosing the best possible outfit. Moreover, you can upgrade your equipment as well. Also, now you have skill points and upgrades, which are required to get certain abilities.Lots of new sidemissions were added. You can solve puzzles and look for symbols on different buildings, finding them by reading notes. You can also solve crime cases. I feel these are the most interesting types of missions and I wish there were more of them. Your task is to go around asking people and looking for clues. As a reward, you get a weapon of some sort. Another type of sidemissions is coop missions. They arent very interesting but the fact that you can play with other people is great. If you dont want to play with anybody but want to 100 complete the game you can play these missions solo, but its recommended that you play with somebody. There are crowd missions which are random events on the street where you have to stop or kill somebody. They are easy to do and give generous rewards. Finally the new type of missions  companion missions, which is an easy way to get gold as they barely require anything but give quite a lot.Talking about bits which arent so good. Rooftops textures arent good enough. Lots of bugs and glitches. There are gaps between buildings textures. Character glitches between two buildings and doesnt want to jump even if he can. The same thing happens on small objects like chairs. Fighting sometimes bugs as well. During fighting a character just doesnt attack and stands with the sword resulting in unfortunate deaths.Finally, I think for its price Unity is not good enough, but on 60 sale, I recommend as its a good value for money. Otherwise, I am afraid not. 