I really want to recommend this game. I really do. I wasnt compelled to write a review for this game until playing Assassins Creed Rogue. Ill explain a little later.The huge scope is amazing  it takes during the French Revolution, a time period that defined the modern era. It has many great features coop multiplayer, player customization, a large amount of weapons and gear which can fit each persons play style, plenty of collectables, better freerunning, more emphasis on stealth than past titles. Its clear to me the development team tried to create an honest AC game postsailing by returning to form. I actually LIKE the gameplay in this one, which is apparently different from many others opinions. The downside in my opinion to gameplay is the emphasis on still having to pay for credits to purchase expensive gear. You can wait to accumulate the amount of ingame money, but it stresses on how it does take and hopes players end up purchasing another type of currency to milk as much as they can out of you.My biggest gripe This game is optimized flatout terribly for the PC. Absolutely atrocious. The game was designed to be more difficult and previous functions that people were used to, such as being able to whistle, were taken out. With more challenging gameplay, it only emphasizes how terrible this game runs. Framerate is depressing, so actions you input take a halfsecond to punch in  youll end walking around a corner too fast and end being spotted, or if youre in combat and you try to parry, youll end up getting hit anyway. Sure, this game gives you a fair amount of graphic options, but nearly every single one youll try will only help with framerate issues just a little bit. Youll end up having to change graphic options via roundabout ways and STILL the performance is nearnegligable. This game was designed to be quite pretty, but Im the kind of person who prefers tonedback graphics to actual gameplay and high framerates.Compare this with Rogue and its no competition. Rogue is the ultimate utopia for the PC gamer performancewise it runs better than Unity, Black Flag, and in my experience AC3. Id like to think Ubisoft decided to listen to the PC communitys reception on Unity and decided to learn from their mistakes, take their time with the release date on Rogue, and iron out any potential performance issues. Hopefully Rogue is the standard on performance Ubisoft will use when measuring up any future AC titles.TLDR skip Unity by all means if you know whats good for you. I cant even recommend it even if it was on sale for 10. Rogue is the one youll absolutely want, and Id argue the full price for that one is worth it. 