This Game has been reviewed by me twice before.  Once was at the time of purchase at launch when I found myself slightly below the games minimum requirements, and accordingly the game ran horribly.  While my fault, I do maintain that the minimum requirements were far too high for anyone with a middleoftheroad gaming rig and completely unreasonably high for a casual gamer.The second review was two months ago, after purchasing much more RAM and greatly exceeding the games RAM requirement, while still using a Video Card that was at or slightly above the minimum.  It still ran too badly for me to play it.Now, I review it having dropped another six hundred dollars into my PC, and am FINALLY able to play it as it was intended.Assassins Creed Unity.  If I put the past difficulties out of my mind, and review the product as it stands, on its own merits, this game is actually very, very good.  Dont get me wrong, if you didnt like other Assassins Creed Games, you wont like this.  If you insist that the Naval Combat that first appeared in Creed 3 and was an integral part of Creed 4 Black Flag and Creed Rogue is better than the Climbystabbysneaky, this is not the game for you.  However, if you wanted the series to return to the spirit of its origins, you will adore this.Ever since Ezio climbed the ranks of the Brotherhood In Creed Brotherhood, I believe, and gained Combokills and Parrykills, every battle has been a crowd of 1000 men throwing themselves against the protagonists weapons, as if whoever dies most gruesomely and quickly wins a night with... whoever was the hottest lady, at whatever time period were talking about.  While that makes a modicum of sense for an older, more and more experienced Ezio... after two days of training, Connor can kill the British Army without breaking a sweat.  Moments after his ship exploding and being shipwrecked, Edward Kenway can declare Genocide on the Carribean and do it with a rusty sword he plucks from the sand.  Shay Patrick Cormac has broken ribs and a concussion, but whats this, a crowd hassling a nice Irish couple?  Not on his watch, and a flurry of violence begins that does not end until the earth itself is bleeding in a gutter.Previous games kept raising the Heros capabilities over the previous hero, and was stumped when it came to creating challenging enemies.  Here, Unity succeeds!  In making Arno WEAKER than his predecessors.  After all, he doesnt have the benefit of having played all the previous games.  You can parry and counter attack, much the same way as everyone else but its not an instant kill, its just an opportunity to attack an unbalanced enemy.  Want to kill him faster?  Level up using Synch points to get new skills.  Buy better weapons with Money.  Use Creed Points to upgrare your weaponry or gear.  This is Character Progression.  This is a young new recruit progressing through the ranks, finding his place in an organization, and becoming stronger.  This is better.  I do not miss being a tornado of swords as much as I thought I would indeed, I dont miss it AT ALL.Being set in a more modern time, some enemies have guns.  Big deal, Connor, Edward, and Shay all dealt with enemies with guns, right?  Yeah, but in their games, the only guns that were deadly were the guns that the heroes owned.  Enemy guns were a nuissance.  Theyd take out a pittance of health, and make you fall if youre climbing for a second.  If Arno gets shot by a farther away enemy while in a sword fight, you get staggered, allowing the melee guys to attack... and you also lose most of your health, or even just die, if the enemys a high level guy.  You know, how Guns kill people really, really good.  Thats why we have lots of them and not so many swords these days.So how do you deal with these gunners who can shoot you to death?!  You... wait for it... ASSASSINATE them, preferably.  This is Assassins Creed, not Idiots Shrieking Attack on Everyone.  You want that guy over there dead?  Hes got snipers on the rooftops?  Get up there, crouch into the new Sneaky Mode that makes you quieter and less visible, and assassinate those gunners dead.  If you cant get right up to them, dont worry, theres some silent midrange kill options.Youll be doing a lot more sneaking in this game than you did in previous games.  Well, I did all the sneaking I could in previous games.  Not because I had to God knows it was faster and easier just to run into any place and murder everyone in an endless combokill My record back in Brotherhood was 250something in the training.  Ludicrous, no?  Should never have been that effective.  Maybe give it a three guy max, game?  But here, you dont have the option to charge into 20 guys and kill them all.  In fact, when I DO sneak, and a group of four guys happens to find me, Im genuinely afraid that Im dead and will have to reload sooner.  No longer are all of my smoke bombs and stun bombs and extra tools a thing to use just for kicks now I NEED those things to not get killed in an altercation with more than two enemies.Earlier, I mentioned enemy levels.  Thats a thing.  Every area, weapon, piece of clothing, and enemy has a level of 1 to 5.  Arno has a level too, but thats just an expression of what skills hes learned and what hes got equipped at the moment.  A level 1 guy can be wounded dead for combat purposes, but still writhing in agony on the ground, incase you want to leave any innocent guards who jumped you alive for roleplay reasons, in just one hit at level 3ish.  You can hit him again for a Finisher that gives you Creed Points, but this isnt necessary.  A level 5 guy, with my current level 3 gear and weapons, will demand my full attention to parry and dodge, because one combo from him will have me near dead, and Ill have to hit him a LOT.  Generally, if I see a group at level 5, I make sure not to do anything to annoy them.Ill boil things down here.  If you like the Sneaky parts, if you like the world and the story, and if you are SURE you have a pretty darn good gaming PC, this game is actually really good, and not deserving of the majority of the crap people give it.  Yes, the online mandatory bits were BS theyre gone now.  Yes, the requirements and bugs were BS bugs are almost entirely gone and the requirements arent as unreasonable now that you can get a good enough video card to run it at Ultra High settings for less than 400 bucks.Give Creed Unity a fair try, go into it without listening to either Hype nor AntiHype, and you should be pleasantly surprised.  I just got done with Rogue, and came here expecting as all the reviews said to be disappointed.  Honestly, I like this more than I liked Rogue so far.  And I really, really liked Rogue.  I guess the Creed was right nothing IS true.  Especially from frothing angry critics ravenous for some groundbreaking new change.