After a fair amount of gameplay I made a list of the pros and cons. Here they are.ProsBeautiful landscapeActive NPCsCoop systemReplayabilityMixedStealth system They made a sneak button which we were looking for. But its still cleary unfinished. Its hard to change from corner to corner, its harder than it should be to leave the corner. And you cannot jump over obstacles or kill over enemies when you are sneaked behind them.ConsFreerun unfinished. You can climb from anywhere but where you want from. Climbing up and down is bugged.Jumping Arno is a spiderman and jumps over 20 meters.Graphics Recommended stats on my computer, still play on the lowest quality.You cannot pet dogs.Forced story.Forced main charachter.Forced optimatisation.Forced new freerun.Forced game overall.Take a break ubisoft.Should have copied splinter cells, stealth system.You stole my money ubisoft.Give them back.Back to the topic.Pay to win In that sense that you get the best armor from the start if you pay real money.Misleading instructions Followed a guy for 15 mins who had tail on his head. Got bored and killed him. Completed the mission. Chemical whateves the name of the missionUnfriendly for newer players.Biggest bug simulator of all time 0/5.Big hype, bad result.Forced kiss scene.Gravity doesnt work.Leap of faiths through walls.Cant climb in the FING WINDOWS.Forced ubisoft client.No assassins that you can use.Cannot assasinate 2 linear guys in one shot. Which was implemented in ac 3Money pouch uses ammunition?Guards see you from 500m.Snipers have aimbots. Cannot dodge, cannot block. You just have to accept your faith and die when you see one taking a shot.Terrible hud that doesnt show clearly where the enemy is.Eagle vision was a dissapointment./Pros/ Made the game more stealth able. /pros/ Stealth is useless because you can just run in, smoke bomb, and kill the guards and complete the mission. Commonly seen in the co op missions. No penalty for rushing in rampaging through the guards.Fight system Took away counter kill/dodge/disarm and taunt. Left only dodge and basic attack ,and heavy attack that is buyable later in the game.Sometimes you just get insta killed without any chance to do anything about it because of the buggy animation.Camera Too close to the character. Hard to climb and fight enemies.So if you are a ac fanboy and dont care how crappy the game is and just want to play some assassins creed like i do. Then buy it. Otherwise dont touch it even with a big stick. This game is worth of 15 euros, no more.Desperately waiting for bug patches.Sincerely yours a Traakon! Dragon 