I am a very large fan of the Assassins Creed franchise. I say this upfront because that is the only reason I played this completion.First, the good! Paris is a character in its own right. The city is vast, filled with such realistic and charming arcitecture that makes you feel that no matter where you go, you are fully immersed in world with some pretty spectacular graphics and facial animations even if half the city are cut and paste clones, especially in crowds. Now the bad...Everything else.Even after a year since its release, on a rig that can run The Witcher 3 on ultra with very little hitches, this game chugs until I was dropping the graphics to Low just to finish up the last few chapters when my frustration ran too hot. This is a very poorly optimized port, and whatever progress the patches have made to the fact have done little if anything. I personally experienced very few bugs, but I know they were rampant for some during this games early days. It was this stuttering that ruined any immersion that the game had built up for me when I would be running down a road, freeze, and get suddenly teleport and get mykicked by some random thugs.While the political intrigue of Paris during this time was very interesting, that was because the characters themselves were not, the main two characters being given a basic motivation and nothing else in terms of character and the relationship between them leading to an ending I predicted hours ago, and did not care a bit about. The story fails to make you care as you kill your way up the normal hierachy of villians for no other reason than one mans juvinille quest for revenge, conviently leading from one to another like a transperent way to pad out the time as interchangable, and almost visually identical bad guys get the knife.I wanted to like the game, but after 15 hours in of messing around Paris, I no longer cared. Whatever good traits this game has are drowned in the mediocraty. I wont call this a bad game, but its forgettable, just like Ive already forgotten who the last boss was ten minutes after just finishing it. This adds nothing to the overarching story, and by looking up cutscenes on youtube, you will save yourself alot of time and money