Glitches, bugs and performance issues aside since with help of creative people and my own skill I was able to push game to a more or less playable state I still would not recommend this game, unless you are eager to see beatiful city of Paris, consumed with revolution, use it as a playground and do coop missions, which are quiet fun. If you are looking for a story of an assassin, that turned the tide in the eternal war  then you might want to consider skipping this game.The main story is dull and full cliches. I knew exactly how the story is going to end after tutorial section and I also knew which mission will lead to what conclusion. I was especially disappointed on how the antagonist has been revealed and how hes been played i hope revealing his gender isnt much of a spoiler  . The game tried to make a surprise out of it, but ended up making protagonist look stupid in the eyes of player. The Assassins brotherhood feels like unnecessary addition to the game, even with the drama inside. I barely remember the names of the counsel members, since theyve been just sitting on their arses all the time and just barking. There is no development in the characters at all, the young protagonist, starting as a careless boy that does not think much of consequences, keeps staying that way till the very end, when suddenly, just before credits roll, he makes a 30 seconds speech that supposed to make us feel he grown. real life section also a letdown. you start as a noname, suddenly becoming an assassin, because this girl asked you nicely, and given a task to find something inside Helix virtual reality new animus, but during gameplay you barely remember about it, youre being remind like 3 times maybe when servers are shutting down. And there is no conclusion in it, because when you find the thing youve been looking for  nothing happens. not with you, nor with the team, that youve been working for. just credits.This game is either just that bad at main story, or it will be heavily DLCed. this game has reminded me of original Assassins creed game, but even story of Altair looks much more deep and well developed in comparison with story or Arno.to sum it up  a waste of really good voice acting english of course, dont even try russian, if you value your ears and brain on a poor text writing.few words about gameplay  at the beginning, game feels really challenging, especially if youre going to spend your first time in there exploring areas and doing sidequest. if you see a difficulty of 5 starts  be prepared to face enemies, that will probably kick the crap out of you. unless, of course, you feel confident that you will be able to avoid conflicts. and of course you can also use a cheat  spam smoke bombs and kill enemies while theyre stunned. work all the time. just dont forget to replenish.the most annoying thing i found though is the challenges optional objectives in the main missions. they simply make little sense most of them time and probably implemented to make easy missions more challenging for no particular reason. e.g. why do you have to sabotage all alarm bells that are all over the courtyard, if you plan to enter the building from rooftops, which is much easier and makes more sense? 