I beat the game, and wrote a pretty popular review on Black Flag. I also work in QA, and love AC, and Ubisoft which I have a couple friends at.That being said, I would like to explain in detail and reason, as to why I would not recommend this game.Yes the game is filled with performance issues, that I would like to believe Ubisoft would be able to fix with time, at current the game is barely playable, it does not run at the framerate it should and staggers a lot on any graphical setting, plus has rendering issues.But the main arguments is how different this game feels from the rest of the series.Eagle Eye.On Black Flag and previous titles, Eagle Eye worked as a Stealth Tool, you could not RUN while it was activated and it highlighted things for you for a short period of time.This time, Eagle Eye can be activated while running, and even mid combat, how ever it has a Cooldown. Which is a bit off putting. Specially when the highlight colors for Eagle Eye on Unity is also the brightest shade of RED and YELLOW I have ever seen. It actually bothers having highlighted targets during Combat, which occasionaly it may occur.Combat.The Combat in AC Series used to kinda fit the series. Everyone in Assassins Creed regardless of how nuts, powerful, skillful or influential is a human. Which means they can be killed by Blades and Daggers. So it was awesome and pretty iconic to stop a Super Villains monologue mid sentence with Hidden Blades from Above. How ever now, there is even a QTE Fight against a guy, and the use of an Eden Artifact as an excuse to Do it again three times typical video game ness. Even Jobbers in Unity have way more health, and cannot be killed with a single Counter, which again made sense since its a bunch of guards fighting an ASSASSIN, and you could up the challenge a bit by adding tons of guards that you had to time each counter to.Assassins Creed is a cinematic experience, I do not want to fight some random guards for precious minutes cause they somehow are able to Tank an Assassin.Equipment.Another thing about this game, you could always get different gear and stuff, some with stats too. But you never REQUIRED to upgrade your stuff. I beat most of Black Flag with default gear cause they looked neat, and felt part of the character. This time how ever it is a huge challenge to beat the game with default gear Which I did, cause the rest looked ugly since theres an RPG element to the game, where you have a Level for your character and each Jobber and missions too. And how ever you are able to play the missions they simply have more health, or you perhaps are not As Stealthy cause your Stealth Stats were not high enough.Stealth.And stealth also has its issues, they made a lot of things look and feel different, even the Blending on groups of civs has a different type of visual to it, and is not as effective if you do not have enough Stealth Stats from your gear. Still works till the end of the game, but its clearly dependent of these upgrades.City.The City is amazing, is the one part of this game that needs proper credit. The amount of NPCs on the screen is ridiculous. And gives the city an incredible detail and Life. The Revolution is displayed very well too.Co Op.I have not yet been able to try Co Op much since friends were not able to play or playing on PS4.But as far as I see you have some neat options for creating your own Club, and having challenges, objectives. Form your own Creed. And meet other Assassins. There are a few options for different types of activities for your Co Op friends. And exploring the city with friends sounds amazing.Story.The story is pretty interesting, I dont see major flaws with it aside from not explaining the Eden Artifact used on this game AT ALL. Characters are pretty interesting, but they are barely used as to their extent.Overall, there are a lot of glitches, lack of the Hidden Blade rendering during ingame cutscenes that shows the character stabbing a dude, even tents that have 100 visibility through it getting guards to detect you through it. Lots of QA issues, and for what ever reason they decided to mess with a bunch of mechanics that already worked in the first place. Eagle Eye, Stealth, Combat. I feel like people ed at how easy it was to fight in previous AC games and they tried to please those dudes, but Combat always made SENSE and it was cinematic.I also believe this game might be pretty Skipable, in terms of what it adds to the overall plot and the characters on it.