TLDRDont Buy. If you can get the game for under 15 then consider it, but only if you really like AC games and only after you have played every other assasins creed game, because this is the lowpoint of the series in almost every aspect.The Bad1. Movment  The new movment system looks good it really does, but it does NOT play well. AC games are well known for having a movment system that gets a bit infuriating, and this is the worst of the series. The new system CAN work better, as seen in the successor game AC Syndicate, however in this game its pretty lookingbut still2. Combat  Combat is much like the movment, the new system makes it look smooth and more realistic at the expense of gameplay. Combat feels slow, and is still filled with bugs, your character may freeze up for a seccond or two at random,  and although slightly less important combat sounds may cut out every now and then. It IS more challenging, which would be a good thing if every other aspect of the game werent so bad, having challenging combat mixed withcontrols/movement with a nice layer of bugs on top is not a recipe for a good game.3. Story  Havent finished it, but about half way through it is very standard AC stuff. Tease complex plot and then just make the templars the Big Bad Evil Guys and the Assasins the freedom loving heros. Just now with x2 the characters that betray their order, except but nothing really comes of it. If I dont edit this, then the rest of the story is the same.4. Level/Mission design  Most is standard fair for an AC game not great, linear paths that look open. Unfortunate but at least easy to navigate. However, some missions are very subpar for the series. You will come accross a few missions, even in the main story, that are so baffling in their design that you either are left feel like you wasted an unreasonable amount of time or you looked it up just to get it over with.5. Microtransactions  Not needed, really you can go through the whole game and never know they were there. Still, it exists in a full priced AAA game, thats a paddlin.The Good1. Customization  The only thing AC Unity does well it also does better than any other AC game. This is the most you have ever been able to customize your weapons and apearence in the main game, and given how AC Syndicate walked all that progress back it may remain that way. If you do pick it up, take a moment to enjoy it.Not my area1. Coop  didnt use it, but for those interested the coop missions are very specific, not main story.2. Multiplayer  Why do you care about this? it is dead, the majority of multiplayer players are playing other AC games, not this one.