I preordered this game expecting a masterpiece and a superior multiplayer system to any other game out there like described. Im not trusting Ubisoft again and I will not buy another game from them.First off, UPlay. Its entirely unnecessary and serves no purpose but to bug the heck out of you. You got a UPlay achievement!, does it look like anyone cares? And when I want to play the game, UPlay will interrupt saying it has an update and shut down the game, then I have to wait 45 minutes to play the game again until another update interrupts the gameplay. Oh but wait a minute I load up the game and I look at the currencies ingame which can only be seen from the esc menu for some odd reason. HELIX CREDITS. What are these? Guess what, guys, theyre MICROTRANSACTIONS! Remember these from those freetoplay MOBILE GAMES like CLASH OF CLANS AND CANDY CRUSH? Well now were using them in our AAA title that you paid almost ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS FOR!The second one is the performance. This game is completely UNPLAYABLE. I consider my computer to be pretty highend, and the stuttering and lag spikes and glitches are unacceptable for an AAA title. This game is under the Assassins Creed name, but it doesnt seem like it is. Assassins Creed IV was one of the best games I have ever played, it runs smoothly at 50 FPS, but this game gets approximately 12 FPS and dips to 3 FPS several times every 30 seconds. Ive done everything all of the forum posts and all of the news articles have said to do to get this game working, thinking it was an issue with my computer, but I was wrong. This is an issue with UBISOFT and that UBISOFT needs to LISTEN TO ITS PLAYERS. So far, I see no connection between Ubisoft and its players except for a free game from Ubisoft. That doesnt make up for the fact I spent 90 dollars to preorder this pile of crap and let it sit in my library like it was Air Control. In fact, Id rather play Air Control than this.Not only that, but the graphics are atrocious. No matter how high you set them the buildings of Paris, France still look like the homes of the Taos Pueblo with downgraded textures and glitching NPCs. Even in cutscenes NPC faces will just ping off into space and all you can see is their eyes and mouth, this is the first game Ive had that has such a feature to do that in its cutscenes, oh boy!My conclusion 2/10. It would get a 1/10 if it werent for the slightly colourful yet repetitive environment in the game. I hope you are happy Ubisoft for basically telling your entire base of players and fans thanks for the money then stop working on this game. This game was released incomplete and not ready for what Ubisoft claimed it was built for. Get Assassins Creed IV Black Flag instead, which I consider one of the best games of all time.Im not buying a Ubisoft game again. 