Welcome to Paris, a beautiful and vastful city of exploration at its best. One of the largest maps of Assassins Creed to date. Oh sorry, no horses allowed! Did I mention lots of problems?Assassins Creed Unity was suppose to be the debut of Cooperative gameplay, and adventure with up to 3 other players in the game. Though, currently at its release date and to date of this review the game is merely unplayable, running bare minimum on a GTX 660 with FX8350 combined. Not even the next generation console counterparts are at par with this. Games these days should be keeping up with what is out in the market, but this game expects you to have what seems to be about 3,000 worth in computer parts grab yourself a GTX Titan Z, you aint getting good frames without it.The game has horrendous bugs beyond repair. Falling through the map, falling into the map, getting stuck under, over, in, around stairs, doors, objects, even in midair. Literally you can get stuck anywhere at anytime, and the only solution to those are to hit Fast Travel to avoid them.NEW UPDATESince the recent events, Ubisoft is very strict about their Terms of Use. As such, a moderator named YazX of Steam and Ubisoft has violated their own rules and stole my money as well as banned my account access for the following reasons bypassing save game encryption.As of late, finally Patch 5 has come out after, 4 months since the initial release. We waited way to long and some of us decided we will fix these problems ourselves. Some of us have, however, this is illegal and will get you banned. Now its an official patch, and its no longer considered to be illegal. The moderator told this user You are using 3DM Tool. A illegal program that violates the terms of use, and in such, the moderator just violated that rule as I just did now!This is going to remain public here to crucify Ubisoft for their crimes. I do not condone to hackers, cheaters, scams, and furthermore companies that steal peoples hard earned money and trick them to buying a game that is broken by banning then in the end of reasons they did not cause.Remember, staff of Ubisoft are violating their own rules and can do whatever they wish with your account, dont take a chance. Get the game another way.If this game is not linked to UPLAY on consoles, then...DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, get it for console and call it a night if you are desperate. Assuming it ever gets fixed.Review subject to change depending on patches and fixes, as well as my ban from uplay for nothing. 