Ok so first a little background.Played Assassins Creed since the first one and played all of the main games but Roque at this point so 1, all of 2, 3 and 4. And so far my favorite is still 2 first one of the Ezio saga.At this point I have finished Sequence 4 and I am doing a ton of side stuff since I will forget them otherwise pNow to this game. Mind that all of the following is my personal opinion.The good. Feels like an Assassins Creed game. Combat changed, meaning I have to relearn and readjust a bit. Changes to free running free run normal, free run and attempt to rise, free run and attempt to descend. Coop missions been waiting for this for years. Murder solving and other side missions and events. forces more stealthy behaviour.The bad. Why am I suddenly on my desktop? My first coop was laggy. Mission succeded but I ended up redoing it solo after just to experience the actual mission. Lockpicking is boring. How did those guards NOT hear that gunshot? But wait, others did hear people screaming?I can probably continue filling both lists for a whle if I really put my mind to it.But the value to each point is more important. The negatives are annoying, but not game breaking and the positives are just that, positives. So far this game will be worth the money I spend on it, but only just. There is this feeling like something is missing or something isnt right. I cannot explain it really well since I do not know what I am looking for.But there are also these mixed feeling moments. Groups tend to use their guns a lot more and you cannot evade them like in 3 and 4. It is annoying when you accindetally start a big fight. But on the other hand it means I have to approach things differently which is something I like.So I will end this before it turns into me rambling on and on.I like the game. I am happy that I changed my mind and bought it. I will recomend it to other people, but not everyone. Some of my friends have 0 patience and wil probably die a lot when going rambo in this game. To those people I will not recomend this game. People who like to stealth a bit more or at least plan their attack before jumping in, those will probably like this game. 