I can highly recommend this game with one caveat  you have to have a system that can run it.This game shipped with a lot of problems, but the worst of the problems was the system requirements. A lot of players were rightly upset when the game performed poorly on their systems which met the games requirements. Other players with beefy systems, expecting smooth 60 FPS gameplay like they see in other modern games, were frustrated by 30 FPS frame rates in Unity. Still others, thinking they could squeak by on an older system, were frustrated by crashes, glitches and all manner of problems.The bottom line is ignore the minimum specs for this game. They are not accurate. If your system meets the recommended specs or better, you can play the game. Players with SLI setups may still have graphical issues, but I suspect that players with SLI setups are used to having graphical issues in various games.The biggest reason that I can recommend this game now is due to the latest video drivers from AMD and Nvidia. The latest beta in Nvidias case drivers significantly improve performance and go a long way towards making the game more enjoyable. Still, if your system just meets the required specs and you use high graphics settings, expect to see 30 FPS framerates. If youre playing the game with a controller, as it was meant to be played, thats not really a problem. Its still quite playable. Using a mouse to look around, 30 FPS can be a drag.I played all the way through the game with 30 FPS frame rates, and I still had a lot of fun with it. The combat is much improved, no more countertowin. The Paris Stories and murder mystery missions are outstanding. The voice acting and music are superb. I really enjoyed the story, too, though opinions differ on that one. I didnt run into any crashing bugs or glitches at all, and I am not alone in that. The only thing that really gave me trouble was the companion app, but since its latest update it is working well, too.Im just starting my 3rd playthrough of the game, and I wouldnt be doing that if I wasnt having fun with it. If your system can handle the frankly poorly optimized graphics of this game, I say go for it.