is a fantastic, story driven, action climbing, open world, french assassin game  lost under a mess of bugs and broken combat. Entertaining Story Coop almost works Theoretically entertaining gameplay Gameplay is broken, because of bad design and more bugs than Early Access Plot twists Quality cutscenes and set pieces Graphics look good up close, especially main characters Cover system Crowd events Coop, but it needs a lot more fine tuning Visual equipment customization, but its tied to stats Default Eagle Vision works nicely, upgraded it gets annoying Combat and freerunning look good, when they manage to work correctly There is a decent variety in weapon types melee rifles?, but you can only equip one at a time, and hidden blades arent an option Finishers look cool but break combat flow.  In ACB, finishers were basically the only attack, and combat worked around it nicely. Downward freerunning is a good idea, but its buggy like everything else, and I dont see why there are different buttons for up/down/straight.  Just make it work. Ships removed Still pushing Abstergo 1shot deaths everywhere Cant whistle when hiding Stat based button masher combat Cant move the camera while downed Synchronize when trying to leap of faith Uneven terrain bugs the combat system Ranged enemies break the combat system Disguises are stupid OP, and stupid lame looking When every plot point is a plot twist, they start to lose impact Awful lockpicking minigame, stop the bouncing bar on the mark LoDing/draw distance is quite poor, and the city is monotone gray/brown Instafail stealth missions, instafail trailing missions, broken combat missions Enemies often attack from offscreen, because the camera doesnt pull back for combat Using meds displays the giant inventory UI, even when youre out of meds, which you usually are Free running can be wonky, often comes to a hard stop until you waggle around to find a working path Weapon stat comparisons arent right, a spear with more damage than my sword takes twice as many hits to kill an enemy The combat system is so poorly designed that the best/only way to play it is to throw down a smoke bomb and spam attack the stunlocked  enemies Whats the point of having health nubs if enemies do nonspecific nonpredictable amount of damage to them?  1 hit should take 1 nub.  On top of that, you shouldnt be able to die unless already at 1 HP, like in ACB. Bugs.  A collectible outside the very first window reappeared when I reloaded my save, and can no longer be collected.  Combat and movement regularly breakdown.  Coop is super desync.  Animations often fail to matchup correctly.  And many more.Can we just get ACB remastered in CryEngine or something?