Waste of money and time 3 out of 10.Relies on riddles and puzzles. The regular Assassins Creed gameplay we are used to is gone. What remains is a sick, putrid shadow of past games.I have every Assassins Creed game since the original. This is not only the worst Assassins Creed game it is the worst game I have every played thats saying a lot since Ive been a gamer since the original DOOM days.The game is beautiful, yes. But, the gameplay is nearincomprehensible and tedious as hell.Whereas previous Assassins Creed game projects hired people to ensure that the game provides a sense of purpose while going through the games world, this one apparently went lower budget. The result is endless disconnected riddles and puzzles rather than a rich Assassins Creed game experience.For example, you find symbols on walls or the ground the symbols bear riddles in verse the player is supposed to figure out what the hell they mean and run to some distant part of the city and climb up and touch whatever the riddle refers to for example, a clock on a tower on some building  how the hell are you supposedd to figure that out??.As another example, this is the lock picking a  line bounces up and down VERY quickly in a quarterinch wide tube one to three times per second, round trip!. As time runs down, the player has to hit the spacebar in an attempt to get the line to stop within a narrow band within the tube an eigth to quarter inch thick band. Miss and you lose a lockpick you almost always miss unless you get freakishly lucky.Moreover, things happen without reason. Many times already, I found myself in circumstances with no idea what was going on, why things were happening, or what to do next.With the previous Assassins Creed Games, you had to pry the game out of my fingers when it was time to give it up for the night. But, with this one, I put it down long before I need toand feel bad because I realize how little enjoyment I got for my time.I really do not want to go back to it REALLY. But I will 1 because I paid for it, and 2 because it is beautiful, and 3 because I hope some redeeming value will surface at some point. I am around 10 percent through it and find nothing to recommend except the eye candy.If you are hoping for another Asassins Creed Black Flag, forget it. This is not it. This one is a turd.