I dont even know where to start so lets keep it simpleAfter all this talk about patches that fixed a lot nearly every feature in this game is still flawed.Even after playing this game several hours, playing through the main campain and some additional storyline I cannot handle the free running. Its frustrating. Playing stealthy is most of the time impossible if there is only a little bit of climbing involved. Hanging outside of a window and want to jump inside to kill the guy standing there? No. Regardless of which button combination you press, chances are high you will climb past the window with the guy inside seeing you. Often the path finding algorythm seems not to keep up with your game and so it happens that you hang on walls and cannot move.Yeah i can jump on this ledge to go out of the line of sight of this guard, which should come in 3 seconds  famous last wordsThe skill double assassination does not work . Oh it does sometimes, but you cannot rely on it. Especially when youre running towards 2 guards which stand purposely close, youre behind them and ... take the life of one while the other one screams. Yet again the calculation seems not to keep up with whats happening in the game regarding targeting of more enemies, and its not caused by my hardware for it was not fully used. double air assassination worked once in my entire playthrough. On one occasion i hung above 2 guards trying to get my camera angle right, so i got markings on both... no success. Then i tried to climb lower, maybe it was the height. No effect. The game didnt allow me to kill them both from air. Instead i got detected because you guessed  I descended in a direction i havent even looked in. Climbing /3I could go on here, but i guess these will be sufficient examples.The story is a flat plot with nearly no character introduced to you. Hell, you dont even get a proper feeling for Arnoyour character in this game. The Story just lets things happen and you have to figure out why. It seems the designers wanted to put as much stuff about france in this game as they could. So we even get a Eiffel tower in a pressed in sequence to interrupt our understanding even further. The reasons of Arnos decisions for example joining the assassins is not explained. Its ne option he could have taken there of course but reason ?The fact alone that i didnt understand that until several hours later when he says I joined the Assassins because of that reason ! Better late than never.You can give credit to the amazing Artworks and Graphics though.But i do not play a game for that personally, so if this is your only achievement in development.....And i like the feature of picking your own gear.To sum up There are still to many flaws in this game, which make it frustrating to play. Most of them have even been solved better in previous installments, so why are they so messed up?And personally I think this is what you get  if you have a ratio of 1 programmer to 10 artists and tell them to saw this thing together on 1 year. Its a pitty to see such waste of potential. Its not worth even the 15 i got it for. If you never played AC before .. buy one of the older ones and spare yourself from frustration of not working content you must put to use.