In some previous AC games, I havent really felt like an assassin. In the overdone recreation of XVIII century Paris, I was able to sneak everywhere plan my paths to my targets to minimize contact with the enemy guards and even had time to safely retreat to safety, ressuply, and find an other way to finish the missions without failing and restarting over and over again.I say overdone recreation, because for the single player missions, most of Paris is surplus. Landmarks and monuments are of course really well done but its a given since its an AC game. Side quests are not very interesting. Well, Im not much of a completionist, I did some murder mysteries, nostradamus riddles etc. but it seemed pointless aside for unlocking unnessesary stuff. And there is quite a lot of those side quests.However, since we finally play a stealthy assassin, there was nothing like managing the Brotherhood, distrupting Templars grip on the city by taking outpost by outpost or things like that. Capturing naval forts in Black Frag was very fun but not so stealthy and not so assassinminded, so its okay if this kind of gameplay is misssing from Unity.The essential Parkour element of the game was finally something that can be qualitified as decent and fluid. Press this button to climb up, this one to climb down. Want to stealth? No need to look for predefined stealth here only spots, just press the stealth button and voila, you stay low profile, make less noise and can move from cover to cover to get to the perfect spot for a double air assassination.For once, Ubi didnt took the player for a complete noob and forcing us to play a tutorial  Arno got his blade, fast forward a year, got his first real assignment. Want to train? Do the tutorials as a sideactivity.For once, Ubi didnt forcefed the modern story missions. Aside from the occasional useless and irritating shift to an other time period. You want to know what happens in the modern world? Its a side quest available on the map. Dont care? Well dont and play some other mission.As is proper theses days, this big budget game was released unfinished and bugged. But, since I was able to play the game even with a graphics card below the advised minimum requirements, I cant complain much. I was just happy to play without dishing out  for hardware. Just wait for patches and you should be fine.Props to Ubi for the character Elise, and for the subtle Hobbit reference.