TLDR It is pretty fun but has a rough PC port, some annoyances like bad camera at points, a rather dull and weak story, and finally the really finicky stealth. Coop is great fun, and so is the whole game and its beautiful graphics. 6/10 or more, get it on a sale.After deciding that the game just flatout sucks and I will never play again, I gave it another chance... 7 months later. This time however, I came prepared, knowing that the game is filled with dread and hypocrisy. However, I was pleasantly surprised by some aspects which I didnt try before and ultimately lead to my choice of actually recommending the game.My first gripe with the game was the combat, which has been changed significantly and you are now... well... underpowered, to say the least. To me at least, the combat was infuriatingly annoying throughout my first playthrough and through those blackbox assassination missions, of which we will talk about soon. However, a bit of practise does make perfect, and the combat just becomes really easy after a while. However, make sure to always upgrade your gear while playing, and always  ALWAYS  make sure you are carrying full health potions and full smoke bombs. Hell, fill everything.The story mode is pretty decent, but nothing extraordinary. It is one of the weakest Assassins Creed stories, and overall, why should you care. It is some boring and clich revenge tale with some love bits thrown in, and a rather dull ending. The story isnt the highlight, but surely enough  the story is well acted with no French accents and you can get at least a bit of fun out of it.The city... is absolutely gorgeous. It is pretty big and the amazing graphics blend in very well with this game. Unfortunately, this isnt the best optimized game out there and I thought Batman Arkham Knight ran much better. However, this is pretty much a whole new AC, on a new engine, and the gameplay is wildly different to, say, Assassins Creed IV. The parkour and climbing is so frustrating at times, with my character not doing what I want him and doing the wrong things at VERY inconvenient times. The series long frustration is not gone with this game.The game is actually quite lengthy. It is longer than, say, Shadow of Mordor or Batman Arkham Knight, or the tipical AC game, but I think my playtime increased significantly due to my awful fighting. There is a lot of content in this game, and most of it is decent at best, the overall package comes out really nice.One of the best things about the game are the blackbox assassinations which give you several options to defeat your targets...... BUT! The stealth in this game is just absolutely ridiculously bad, it is finicky and it... oh my God. I would say Metal Gear Solid V is the best stealth game of all time, and this  by comparison  is just disgraceful. And the combat was made tougher probably because they wanted to encourage stealth. That is a shame, since the stealth rarely works, and you cant even do much. And when you do get into fights, the camera is so damn awful in tight corners in these BBAs that it made me rage quite infernally, leading to many undesirable deaths. So quick recommendation GET MGS V! It is literally one of the best games I ever played!The big highlight to the game, and the thing that made me enjoy it a lot more, are the cooperative missions which are absolutely great fun and I really recommend this game if you have at least 1 friend to play with because my God are they fun and varied. There are quite a bunch too, so you and your buddy will get hours to enjoy! They are easily replayable and really fun, if you can  of course  get past the maleficent things noted in this review.So overall I am almost mixed about this game, but I would say get it ON A SALE. Anything else would be completely regrettable. But simply the sheer amount of fun I encountered in the game made it easily worth the 12 I paid in back in December 2015 for the Winter sale. The game is a 6/10 or more, it did leave a bad taste in my mouth after the first playthrough but your playthrough may be better and more fun, so I will leave it at that.