Authors note Dont judge this review solely on the amount of time it says Ive played on Steam. I got the XBox version back when it came out and Ive played the game twice Once was just one month ago. I may not be able to discuss the bugs that might come up in the PC version, but I can tell you about what I think about this game.The Assassins Creed series has been around since 2007, with numerous installments since then. AC Unity is the very first next gen Assassins Creed, and they definitely put more time and effort into making this one perfect than they did with Rogue which had the same release date.Unitys story takes place during the French Revolution and sets up the main character from the very beginning with its tiein with Rogue. Before we get any further, make sure you play Assassins Creed Rogue before playing this. Now, the story is pretty decent, even if it is one weve seen over and over. Arno is out for redemption and vengeance as he gets dragged into the Templar/Assassin war. The game is fairly long takes about 17ish hours to defeat the main campaign and the levels are pretty unique. I got a Hitman vibe with the assassination targets, which was a nice change. You cant disguise yourself though, lol.Before we jump into the gameplay mechanics, lets talk about the characters. Arno, the main character, is a decent character, but hes far from the best main character weve gotten in the series. He can come off as Ubisoft trying to create another Ezio, but hes not a terrible character. The love interest, Elise, is a character you might not like. Shes very focused on her goals and leaves little time for personal matters. The rest of the characters, with the exception of the historical characters like Napoleon, are pretty forgettable. The voice acting is fantastic though, but one thing might bother you in your play through...EVERY ONE has BRITISH accents in FRANCE. Makes sense, right?In terms of gameplay, theyve tried to spice things up here, but they dont go too far away from the previous games, just to make sure things are still familiar. The combat system is pretty good, and has been upgraded here and there. Theyve added a leveling system, as well as a level system for the soldiers. This way, fights can be a little more difficult which is something AC has needed for a long time and its harder to be OP unless you grind Which can be a good or bad thing, depending on who you are. The higher level you are, the better weapons you can use max level is 5. This system is pretty good, and it gets better in Syndicate.Now, heres the real question...are the enemies stupid? Well, there have been some improvements, but there are still really easy ways of taking all of them out. Youll fight a variety of soldiers, such as standard footmen, snipers, grenadiers, and some ax bois. Fighting a large group isnt as easy as it was in the older games, which is a nice change. In AC 1, if you were good enough, you could literally take on a crowd of 20 men at a time.To stab these guys, youll need some weapons. Weapons can now be bought in the customization menu. There are swords, spears, pistols, rifles, and heavy weapons. Each one has different stats and are good for certain situations. There are tons of weapons to try out! Speaking of customization, in the menu, you can customize how Arno looks, give him better armor, and unlock skills by using skill points. Money, skill points, and items can be unlocked by completing levels. This system is pretty great and it looks like itll be around for a little bit.Something very noticeable is integration of a new stealth system. For the first time in an AC game, you can actually crouch and hide behind walls I know right? It took THIS long for them to figure this out?. The cover system is pretty great, but can be used to easily kill upwards of 5 people. The game finally has more of a stealth side to it, and it helps when the enemies are higher levels than you. You can even coverstab people, which works well. This game also sees the inclusion of a new lock picking mechanic, and its actually good! Its similar to BioShock where you have a bar that moves up and down and you have to hit it at the right spot to unlock it. MUCH better than AC IIIs poor attempt at lock picking.Another thing to note is the open world stuff. There are side missions, chests, and even murder mysteries which are the best! to explore and find. Your map gets so crowded with things to do and find! Ill leave you to explore In all, this isnt exactly the best AC game, but these new mechanics get improved upon in Syndicate. If youre a fan of the franchise, definitely check this out, just note that it probably wont be your favorite AC game. But play the other games first, they are WAY better Especially AC 2, Black Flag, and Rogue. 