Do you recommend this game?Not at full price and even then, not unless you really care about the story.I played this game over the past week and I am honestly surprised as to what really justifies a rating of 8.This game is nothing more than an interactive story with very little to offer in terms of gameplay.Before you wonder How could you have played this game for a week if you dont like it?I always finish the games that I start, no matter how bad they are.Heres a quick breakdown on whats about to followArtwork, Story, Combat, Puzzles, MultiplayerArtworkThe artwork does a good job giving the player an impression of the timeperiod of the action and allows proper immersion into the story. Going from zone design to housing to outfits. The Design for Connor one of the protagonists sadly is not very impressive, compared not only to other games released in the same year, but also compared to other games in the AC series. I am being more harsh on this subject, considering that this game is AAA rated and has a dedicated design team.StoryI know others consider the story of this game to be cliche, but I personally like the story. To fully enjoy the story you really need to explore everything starting with AC and all the way to Black Flag. Like a lot of other AAA games the stories really shine. This being said, the game is sadly nothing more to me than an interactive story.CombatWhile the combat looks impressive, as do the assassinations. There is no real combat in this game the entire combat revolves around countering and attacking. You cant counter the same way on all opponents to make it slightly more difficult, but the difficulty scale is still laughable. In other terms... wait for slow motion, press counter, wait for slow motion disarm/throw/kill.The combat is not satisfying at all, no matter how impressive the attacks look. Perhaps the combat designers should check out some real action games and come back after they learned a thing or two.PuzzlesThe few puzzles I encountered revolved around Quick Time Events, reading BOLDED TEXT WITH GREATER FONT in hidden texts marked by a magnifying glass with riddles so difficult you feel youre being asked to untie the gordian knot.Heres a dumbed down example Grand Lodge Above All up, men and women in balance Grand Lodge Icon top, men left, women right, scales bottom... I feel as if somebody asked me to tie their shoes. Such an impossible task cant be performed by a mere mortal as myself. These puzzles have obviously been designed for the sake of having puzzles in the game.MultiplayerI must say the multiplayer experience I had was quite fun, even though I got mykicked a lot by more experienced players. In multiplayer you have to complete missions to buy upgrades, however you are confronted with higher level opponents right from the start, creating a rather ridiculous matchmaking. This is however not as punishing as it may sound, since leveling up is not very difficult. You have different types of missions Identify  Assassinate a specific player while being chased by another player yourself. This sounds simpler than it seems at first sight, but I can see this becoming either very dull or very addictive very quick.What did you like overall?I enjoyed the story and the multiplayer experience, although imbalancedWhat did you dislike most?Combat and puzzles. The simplicity of both was quite insulting. Label the game for 3 year olds, why dont you.ConclusionsBeats me why AC2, ACB, ACR, AC3 and AC4 arent all expansions of AC1. The engine is the same. Could easily have been a content patch and would have allowed for owners of the previous games to join together in a multiplayer experience, allowing for a larger playerbase. But I suppose this would have made it more difficult to milk the cashcow, similar to sports games.Inbetween the story bits and pieces, the singleplayer experience was EXTREMELY boring. Sure roaming is fun for the first 23hrs but afterwards it becomes dull. Id rather take a stroll in the park if I want to see nature its higher resolution too.I play games for the gameplay, and this game had almost none. Shame on you Ubisoft, running from AB for 15min does not count as 15min of playtime, I dont care what your statistics say.At full price this game is overpriced, grab it for the story if you like, but dont expect anything else, since multiplayer will likely move on to Black Flag, leaving this game deserted and those with a competitive desire rather unsatisfied.