I wanted to give this game another chance, as my first time playing I mostly sped through it, dismissing the game as bad. So I came back and I tried to like this game, I tried REALLY hard to like this game, and in the end I think I kinda did. Somewhat. At its core, this game is a pretty weak entry in the AC franchise, and a rather poor conclusion to the Desmond story. Connors story is enjoyable, but not as enjoyable as Ezios. The side content is okay, but doesnt hold a candle to Black Flags. Ultimately, this game is pretty average, but still low on the list of AC games.Heres why The only fun parts of the game are hidden beneath HEAPS of boring, tedious, repetitive nonsense. Some could argue that the same could be said about any AC game, or even any Ubisoft game for that matter, but it is absolutely the most apparent in AC3. I didnt really start having fun until I had reached about 60 synchronization which you will not reach unless you dedicate time to side content, yet most of that fun was limited anyway. In the end, I cant really say that it was worth shoveling through dirt, snow, andto find that fun.Many times while playing this game I found myself downright infuriated by stupid controls or lack thereof and extremely annoying optional objectives and side missions. I dont mind a challenge, but far too many times I had to restart memories due to completely ridiculous constraints for full synchronization. That is NOT FUN.Another thing that really culled my enjoyment of the game was the glitches. There are far too many glitches in this game. I dont quite remember that many my first time through a few years ago, but now that Ive spent significantly more time playing I have experienced a ridiculous amount of glitches. While some glitches can be quite hilarious, like the Aquila doing flips in the water, many ended up having me fall through the map or have me chase someone who ends up stuck in a wall, preventing me from being able to tackle them.Along with those glitches comes the crashes. While I dont have some top of the line computer with the upper crust capabilities of 2016, I certainly have a strong enough computer to handle this 2012 game at its highest settings. Yet despite that, I experienced at least 10 crashes throughout the game, the final crash resulting in my save file desynching from the cloud save, and the game being unable to even recover it. So I didnt even get to achieve 100 sync, and this occured when I was at the final memory, around 95 sync. Its hard to effectively portray how infuriating that is.What I have to admit is that they really tried to innovate Assassins Creed with this game. Unfortunately, it really fell flat. A lot of the new innovations carried over to Black Flag, where they were much more polished and refined. Is it fair to praise Black Flag when AC3 did it first? I would say yes, because Black Flag just does everything so much better. Better ship combat, better optional objectives, better guns, better hunting, better tools, better everything.In the end, this game certainly isnt terrible, and does make some good innovations over the previous titles, but the very next game handled everything so much better and just completely eclipsed this. The only reason I can really give to play this game at all is to see the conclusion of Desmonds story from AC1 to AC3. If youre not interested in the story, by all means skip this game.