As a diehard fan of the series, this is the first game that I can honestly say I wouldnt recommend. The AC series has always had certain elements which I personally have loved, such as free running, indepth story, and a enviroment that anyone would love to explore. This game disapointed me by taking out almost all those elements.Most of the elements kept in the series, such as the Assassin Recruits, was so horribly done they may as well not have been there. I used them simply if they were needed, unlike the other games where I would use them all the time. The new Abilities they have were practically useless unless the quest was using a particular ability to be successful. However, those were few and far between, and I soon forgot about them. The crafting included was also useless, I dont think I crafted a single thing past the tutorial, and not even sure if I crafted anything then.My single biggest complaint, they took out the expansive enviroments for free running. In AC 1 and 2 and the rest of Ezios games, I loved all the buildings to climb, the streets to walk through, the dress of people walking by, etc. I was expecting something similar in this game. I was severely disapointed again. Most of the free running was so scripted I stopped wanting to do it. The buildings were so much smaller they may as well have been nonexistant. All in all, I wouldnt even want to call this an Assassins Creed game simply because it took out the most basic element of any Assassins Creed game. Yes you could climb stuff, but not anywhere near as well as you used to be able to.One more bad thing, the new Optional Objectives. I personally loved the optional objectives in brotherhood and revelations, since they actually made you feel like an assassin. However, the optional objectives in this game made me scream at my computer, and wonder why the  I need to not push people while running, or kill someone from an rooftop when they are running next to the ocean with no rooftops around. I understand the need for challenge, but they seemed so out there they were more of an annoyance then anything.I will say a few things I like about the game. I was actually a little glad to do some useful running around as Desmond, beyond the base you are mostly in. It was nice to explore the current time a bit to see what things are like. I also will say the combat is greatly improved over last games, and some of the combos you can pull off are very rewarding. The ship battles were also quite fun, and I quite enjoyed the elements included, such as facing the wind properly, lowering sails to reduce speed and improve turning, and simply being on the water in a somewhat realistic fashion.All in all, Ill put it this way, if you are a fan of the series, I would play this for the story leading up to the next games, which I will play. However, if you dont care about the storyline, dont play this game. This will be the first AC game I wont recommend, and hopefully the last that I wouldnt. I still love the series, but this game is a blight on it IMHO. Wont stop me from playing future games though.