I really wish I could give this game a positive review, as I love the AC franchise, but its just got too much wrong with it. Details below.Basic info on equipment HP Pavilion dv66123cl entertainment notebook. Processor AMD A63400M APU w/Radeon HD Graphics 1.40 GHz. Installed RAM of 6 GB. 64Bit Windows 10 OS. Wired external mouse and keyboard. No additional equipment used or upgrades made to computer.Gameplay and controls 1/10  After taking almost a full twoandahalf games to really get a hang of the controls, and then enjoying one game where I finally had them down without having to worry about it, this game had such a major overhaul of the combat system that it made it almost impossible for me to play without dying multiple times whenever I had to fight my way out of a situation. Not only do you have to time everything just perfectly, but then you cant just counterattack and have the game choose which counter works best against which enemy like in the previous games. No. You have to hit one of three keys for a different counter attack each time, which means that if you think youre countering one enemy, but youre actually countering another and choose the wrong counter on accident, youre going to get hurt bigtime. Combat in this game is absolutely horrid. Besides that, your health/synchronization does not regenerate until you are done with a fight, at which point it all magically reappears. I totally get that, unlike AC II, Brotherhood, and Revelations, there wasnt really any reliable medicine you could purchase on the American Frontier, so that wouldnt make sense in the gameplay for this installment but at least in the first AC game your synchronization would rebuild if you were able to hold off any direct hits from your enemies. Here, even if you block attacks that damage your health, youre still stuck with a bar that doesnt refill, making it much easier to die, and you have no way to refill it at all. To me, thats just a time waster. Ive never cursed so much while playing a  game, and I dont even curse that much in my daytoday life. In addition to this, the menu that you are forced to use to select your weapons and such is clunky and not useful at all. In previous games, it was a snap to select your weapon from either numbered hotkeys or the quickselect wheel. They tried to streamline it, I believe for nonPC/controller players, but ended up screwing over those of us who play with mouse/keyboard. The other thing that drove me nuts? The fact that you can no longer just run. You must either walk or sprint. This may sound great until you realize that sprinting past guards in certain unmarked areas not redzones or anything, just random areas in the cities, even if you are not notorious or even on a level where enemies will detect you, will cause them to start chasing after you and trying to kill you. Even on horseback, you end up having to trot most of the time, which isnt much faster than walking on foot, because you simply run into too much in the cities while cantering. Therefore, you must walk through large sections of the cities, making traveling in this game extraordinarily tedious. I also never used the investment system for the homestead because there was no benefit that I could see, nor did I ever upgrade my weapons past the first two times because it made no difference in the difficulty or ease of combat. It  was just a pointless leftover from the previous games. The only part I really enjoyed about the gameplay was the addition of nautical battles, at which I ended up being surprisingly adept.Graphics 6/10  The graphics were pretty good, as usual for an AC game, but the extraneous characters and objects horses, wildlife, citizens, etc. were actually considerably less developed than the previous games. I felt like they had put a nicely animated main character back in the animations from the first AC game. It felt out of place. And, while traveling through the Italian countryside in AC II felt like you were actually moving through some beautiful country, traveling through the wilderness in this game actually felt more like traveling through the forest of twodimensional foliage. There was no beauty to appreciate or enjoy, really, because it was all trees and the trees were not that pretty. Overall, graphics were much more disappointing than any other previous AC games.Storyline 5/10  While they really tried to tie this into the American Revolution in a realistic way, I feel they unfortunately failed. Whereas I enjoyed the stories in the other games and loved the history they used to weave their tale into, this one just felt like I was slogging through the life story of someone who lived during the American Revolution and worked a lot behind the scenes, but ended up just having everything always go against them. It was actually rather depressing. At least the history was pretty accurate, though, in terms of the sequence of the war itself, so that made things a little better.Characters 2/10  I honestly cant think of any one character in this game that I really like. Not Connor, not Achilles, not Haytham, not any of the founding fathers of America or associated men and women. Nobody. Okay, maybe the goofy Irish lumberjacks who provide some comic relief on two occasions, but literally no one else comes to mind as a character that made me enjoy playing the game. I found Haytham to be interesting at first, even if he was very stiff, and he actually provided the one great comic moment in the entire game but he still wasnt a character that I really liked. Playing through the game as Connor has made me want to slap his creators upside the head on multiple occasions because its like playing as an angsty, angry teenager who never matures. I mean, literally, Connors two forms of speaking are an annoying monotone when hes trying to act all calm and bad, or shouting when something doesnt go like he planned and he gets angry. There is no nuance  no middle ground. He is like the bad, cliched stereotype of the Native Americans combined with your worst nightmare teenage son. And he doesnt change as the years go by in this game. At least Ezio Auditore, in AC II, had some slight personality changes over the years. Even though the animation didnt change, you could tell by his voice acting and the way in which hed handle situations that he wasnt the brash young teenager that he started out as. There is no such change in Connor. He is a static, boring character, as are all the rest of the characters in this game.Overall Rating 3/10  If you want to play this game just to finish out the next chapter of the Desmond storyline, by all means do so but you could probably read about that aspect of the story online without having to subject yourself to the torture which is this game, its awkward controls, boring storyline, twodimensional characters, and overall unsatisfying experience. I slogged through the game just because a Im stubborn and dont like giving up on a story once Ive started it, and b I actually thought that the game couldnt really be that bad even though I had heard that AC players in general didnt like it. But I will never replay it, unlike the other games which I would actually enjoy going back to.Side note Also, where were the canoes??? I was really looking forward to being able to use one only to find that the feature had been cut from the final game. Lame! The gondolas were really fun and useful in the previous games, and I was so bummed that we werent going to get to use anything remotely resembling a boat in this game. 