Assassins Creed 3 is a game that feels very ambitious but lacked the time needed for all the components to work well together. After the first few missions in the game youll be like Okay when does the story actually start? A lot of people who are fans of the franchise hated how long the story took to take off in AC3, but I thoroughly enjoyed playing as Haytham Kenway. He is  a very precise character about his actions. He doesnt second guess himself and his mission and is very dynamic when it comes to his and Connors relationship later on in the game. For me, it was a treat to finally see father and son working together even though their paths may vary. And fans also seem to hate Connor. Why? He is probably the most straight forward, blunt, honest, and brutal assassin yet. I can see that the writers wanted a certain emotional pull with Connor. Considering you play as Haytham and how you meet Connors mother before Connor was born, and then play as Connor and how he is molded and shaped by his mothers death, and other events. which he watched before his eyes as a child. And his character developement is there. Who is my father? Why do these men want to take my peoples land? Of course, this wouldnt be an assassins creed game without the weird Scifi alien people that came before our civilization. I honestly hate that part of these games. I hate the animus, and I hate Desmond. Ever since the original AC I couldt get behind the whole matrix like feel to the animus. Can we just have the fictional part of the assassins and templar battle along side the historical scenery and gameplay? Why do they feel the need to tie in a Scifi part thats lost its depth and seems to be constant bull? Thats just my opinion over those sections. There are times in game where you play as Desmond. Which isnt new if youve played previous titles. But god do I hate them. I hate the supporting characters as well. They are bland and annoying and cliche and always will be. Ubi, throw away these awful ideas please? The game really opens up after the first few sequences though. This game provides tons of side activities and quests as well as assassin contracts to fill your time after the story is finished.