REVIEW CONTAINS VERY MINOR SPOILERSJust finished up the entire series for the first time not including black flag, unity, liberation and rogue and I have to say I recommend all of them. It was a lot of fun going through this whole series but this one really stands out for me. Not because its better than the other ones, which if Im being honest it isnt, but rather the hate this game has recieved. I feel like this one is extremely underrated. The intro with Haytham is amazing, it was so well done and parts of Connors intro were also good. However this game does kind of start to fall apart at times, Id say hold out on this game until you pass that stupid Paul Revere section half way through because past that this game picks up speed big time.The big problem with this one is that it really does insist on beating you over the head with historical references in a really annoying way. Like the Benjamin Franklin scene is a good example of being very halfand especially the Paul Revere section as I already mentioned, the teaparty event was all the work of an assassin of course and a templar was responsible for the Boston Masacre, wtf. And heres the Decleration of Independence being signed guys!! wink wink It felt like I was having my intelligence insulted at times, because of how cheesy and uncreative it was, they handled it really poorly. Oh and the bugs, this game has lots of bugs. I got lucky and didnt experience too many but Ive seen the reports on bugs, so be careful buying this game, same with revelations, Id recommend getting them on sale just to be safe. Also, the mission design and the controls in this one are clearly the weakest in the series.To wrap it up, the first quarter of the game is overall good, the second quarter was when things started falling apart, then third and fourth quarter it completely comes together and turns into an awesome story. I wont spoil any more stuff beyond what Ive said. It also finishes off the desmond storyline which was done well overall but I felt it couldve been much better if they included an epilogue to his story but I cant blame them seeing as how its easy to run out of time when your being rushed by ubisoft. Overall I recommend it, just hold out on the story and have some patience is all I ask and if you dont like it I dont blame you, it really is a hit or miss game.