Note Possible spoilers  not story wise but in terms of game elements i.e. fighting mechanics that you may not want to know beforehandThis game as far as Assassins Creed games go is not the best but it has its up and quite a few of them as well.This game, in my opinion, was the last Assassins Creed game that actually does the title justice. If you are a diehard Assassins creed fan as i am then you will enjoy this game. It has a great story an even better gameplay. They added to the fight mechanics that made it alot smoother and even the parkour was revamped.The story was good. I loved it. It kept you on your toes while still staying true to the history of the events in the Assassins Creed style we know and love. I definately learned a thing or two about American history and I found it very interesting. The story actually follows the Assassins rather than say a pirate that touches slighly on the Assassins and only half way through the game. The twists and turns that the story adds make it quite enjoyable as, even though the story can get a tad predictable, you are never completely certain of the comming events. If you are looking for a game that doesnt end as soon as you press play then this is a good one being slightly on the longer side. I have finnished the game and have 31 hours of gameplay time. I did however take my time with the game and I recommend you do too. If you love history then you probably love Assassins Creed and if you love Assassins Creed then this is a must play.The movement and fighting mechanics have been improved since previous games. For one you can now vault over obsticles rather that having to climb on it and jump off it. Also when being persued by angry red coats you can evade them by running through buildings. This adds and exciting element. It is borderline Hollywood effects but the game can pull it off. Then there is the tree climbing. Never before have we seen this an an Assassins game and it just makes things fit perfectly. It aids the story along and helps give the charaters a more immersed feel. The combat has also been revamped with the addition of double takedowns and human shields. This make the game fun to play and leaves you awe struck when you pull off your first double takedown and it doesnt lose it touch. Time and time again I found myself purposely just blocking attacks and waiting for the chance to pull off one of these deadly manuvers. The human shield was added, I presume, to combat the newly added guns man. Though guns have been seen before we have never seen them on this level. When 4 gunmen line up to fire you have no chance of running nor can you attack then all before being shot so the use of human shields is almost mandatory. Overall i love the new mechanics.The naval combat in this game i feel is the best I have seen. I prefer it to the naval base game of Assassins creed 4 and though not as exciting and in depth the simplicity make for an all round better expirience. I found myself wanting to keep getting naval contracts and when I finally completed then all I couldnt help but feel dissapointed.The game however is not the best of the series and so i would not recommend it as a first time Assassins game. Rather go for 2 or brotherhood. The game does have a few down sides. The voice acting leaves alot to be disired to be honest. The majority of the characters have pretty good voice acting but Connor unfortutely sound very monotone and boring to listen too. His voice just lacks that depth that make dialogue all the more interesting to listen too.Further the upgrade system, though there, is not really needed. I played the entire game without buying a new sword or gun. In previous game the upgrade played an intergral role as enemies got stronger and increased in number and so better armour was needed and better weapons needed to fend off the stronger attacks from bigger enemies. I would have loved to see an upgrade system that you want to use. This however is by no means a gamebreaker and doesnt take away from the story one bit.And thus I get to the end of this review. If you have made it this far I applaud you I truely do. This wall o text is by no mean quick to read. I hope that this has helped those that are on the fence about buying the game. I was for a while and have never regretted getting it. Is it worth paying full price. I thinks thats up to you to decide. I bought in on sale and so I feel it is well worth what i paid for it. I know that this game went above and far beyond my expectatations for it.