What a chore, but I finally beat AC III, the last Assassins Creed game I will ever set my hands on.First, Id like to mention Multiplayer doesnt work. It will always fail to connect to the Ubisoft servers. Good job, thats a another few hours of gameplay down the drain.Second, this games achievements are on Uplay. I mean really, whos going to check out your achievement on Uplay anyways? They couldnt have just integrated it to steam? What you are basically paying for is a Uplay key. Yes, you need to download Uplay. It sucks.The game was not what I expected it to be. The battlefield gameplay was limited much to my disappointment, not at all like the cinematic trailers that depicted Connor running through lines of redcoats and executing the generals. Overall, most of the missions were a chore and traveling is a pain especially in the frontier where I usually end up ditching my horse when I run out of path. The colonial towns are boring as well, not as nice as the towering cities of Italy in previous titles. The minigames and miniquests I neglected. Who the hell wants to run letters around town for people? I also found that the air assassination is quite broken... 95 of the time it doesnt work. Im using a controller and have all the keys figured out, but I cant for the life of me perform a full fledged air assassination.I will admit that the story as a whole was a great idea and resonated with me well... wow, Assassins and Templars in the American Civil War? A native american trained as an assassin to fight for his people though? That part of the story is quite weak because Connor was basically framed as a childish, impetuous character who became the Assassins lapdog only to find that his efforts got him nowhere in the end.Overall, the game lasted about 21 hours skipping past most of the minigames who would want to complete them anyways? This doesnt have the replayability like other open world games but felt more like 100 because it dragged on. Skip this title. Im done with Assassins Creed games.