The first game in the series the protagonist of whom I actually liked. After Ezio the Frat Bro and Altar the Bland, Connor feels like a real breath of fresh air a character into the shoes of whom Im actually interested in stepping. The game makes other significant improvements, as well Stealth is now actually a viable option, with the improved cornerstalking and blending mechanics. Combat has been made more challenging and varied  I was especially happy about the increased options for taking down enemies alive, which made sense for Connor, who disliked unnecessary killing. The fast travel systems was made much more reasonable  I never understood why a game that jumped forward and backwards in time all the time insisted the player must travel to each location the hard way. The old climbing system is largely replaced with the freerunning one, which allows scaling buildings  or trees  automatically, without having to make manually make the character jump over every little distance.Besides improving the old formual, the game also introduces completely new ones, most notably naval battles, which are just great fun. Managing the homestead also greatly appealed to me, as did hunting Id be satisfied with a game centred around just those, without all the assassination business. Overall, the game features more dialogue and peaceful quests Solving problems in a more sensible manner than just killing people. Crafting is greatly expanded from the previous game, and even though most everything you can craft is absolutely useless, it still adds to the sense of actually running your own little community.SPOILERS While liking Connor, I began to intensely dislike Desmond as the story progressed, and Im glad this is the last game to feature him as the modernday protagonist. He embodies the hypocrisy of the Assassin order People who make like killing is a necessity, when in truth its just a convenience  doing things the easy way. I suspect this was intentional, as the devs give no option of using nonlethal moves in the later realworld missions. While Desmond may need to kill the Templars, he absolutely does not need to massacre the dozens of security guards who seriously had all the reason to attack the bladewielding maniac who suddenly burst into their office and started slaughtering people. Desmond butchers them in front of horrified office workers. And when he gets the Apple? He doesnt make them lay down their guns, or go to sleep. No, ha makes them kill each others and themselves. It is the absolutely maximum force solution to the problem, and Desmond doesnt for a minute pause to consider all the people whose lives he has just ruined for no obvious reason.