With everyone trashing this game, I feel like I should take a stand for it.Assassins Creed III does get most things right. The main story set in colonial America is a good one its arguably the best Assassins Creed story to date. The character development and central plot are all intriguing, and its the first game in this series to operate without a stark herovillain contrast. The Templars dont seem so evil and the Assassins dont seem so good. I like that. The developers took a bit more risks with the story, and thats a good thing. And despite his negative press, Connor is an excellent character, and without a doubt the best assassin to date. What people seem to forget is that a character does not need to be likeable to be a strong character, and thats what he is a vehicle for all the emotions he carries and the pain of his people. Him and the main villain Haytham alike are both very wellwritten.The gameplay is solid as well. Simplified freerunning makes things easier on beginners, although the new design of combat admittedly does make things far too easy, especially for veterans. The homestead missions are a nice change of pace and contain more of Connors development, as well as the liberation missions and forts, which are a ton of fun. The naval missions are excellent, easily the strongest part of the side content, so much so that Assassins Creed IV was practically built on them. The Frontier is also a great place for fun, as is hunting and ambushing soldiers as they walk through the forest.That said, there are more than a few weak points. Several elements, like the underground, the courier missions and the assassination missions the part of the game that should be quite indepth are either a drag or just half Theyre not even good time sinks, unfortunately. The amount of bugs in this game is also extremely annoying from poorly moving lips to collision issues to weapons randomly unequipping... the list goes on. It gets annoying, and if you play long enough, it becomes nigh unbearable.Ultimately, the complaints of Assassins Creed III can be boiled down to this game being a case study for a title that lacks polish. Little details that could have been easily fixed or tweaked to be either repaired or significantly better have been glossed over, and the game suffers for it. However, it is still a good not great game, and with its current price of 20 dollars, I recommend it for any fan of the series.My rating is 7.5/10.