AC3 has Mixed Reviews for very good reasons.  With around 50 hours in the game for me right now, I can further add my own Mixed Review right along side the rest.  Its BOTH, extremely good and extremely bad in different ways...Lets start with The Good.  If you enjoyed the previous games in the series of AC then you should appreciate this game.  It has exquisite graphics, in depth storylines, abundant and rich characters that develope and evolve, open world feel like none previously, mulitiple maps to continue to explore before and after quests, and plenty of new and unique challenges.  This must be one game in the series that if you miss it you just might be forever lost.  A stepping stone for whats to come.  It must be that game that truly marries, meshes and coalesces the storylines to come.The Bad?!  Theres actually too many to count or list.  It never ceases to turn up further blunders of new problems along the way into the game.  For one, I think the complete CONTROLS, movement, equiping and accessing items in AND out of battle mode are beyond frustrating and lacks any finesse.  This game had to be rushed by the developers, and it shows!  Two, accessing and retrieving INFORMATION WITHIN THE GAME or tasks, from simple things like inventory, objectives, setting markers on map, even matching minimap on HUD to larger map that you may zoom in on, your current notoriety or even locations of bribing people or removing notoriety notices on maps are all nill.  Difficult or do not exist any logical way or quick access.  Three, the autosave during missions save at very odd times within missions, adding to the pretentious feeling of the game developers in overtrying to be different, and only exceeding to further frustrate the gamer.  To be more specific, during a mission it might save 3 to 5 times, but the missions are extremely long in some cases.  You may only be able to either go back one save to retry or you can replay the entire memory only to try to achieve your goal of reaching 100.  So, if you need to, but didnt try to replay that particular segment/ mission before a 5 second window during that mission you just have to replay the entire memory/ mission completely over from the beginning.  I dont like that at all.  Give me the option to save or replay when I see fit for my game style!Overall, I gave this a Thumbs Up!  Its good to try to immerse yourself in this beautiful game, but its also good to take long breaks away from your frustrations with it as well.