Assassins Creed III AC3 is a very good hybrid game that consists of historical telling, which combines fiction with nonfiction, and modernday times. AC3 is set in the American Revolution with the British invading Colonial America and the uprise of the Patriots to counter the British. You, the player, play as Connor Kenway, a refreshing NativeAmerican that strives to protect his native homeland from the Templars and the British. Also, in modernday present time you play as Desmond Miles, an intriguing character that is determined to uncover the mystery of the first civilisation and the relation to the December end of the world scare.AC3 has many features and various stories that allow the game to shine. I commend the developers for their insight into expanding the backstory. For example, the Templers connection between the American Revolution and presenttime in AC3. The modern day story is pretty substantial as that was the only hook from the previous game AC Revelations. Safe to say, the developers successfully allowed me to further invest into the modern day story by allowing me to experience more revelations and experiences from the first civilisation and its effect on Desmond and his group. Here are some very minor spoilers the modern day ending was excellent because there was a very significant continuation of the first civilisation story that occurs.The campaign was very good with great storytelling. The amount of historical information in the game was fascinating as it expanded my knowledge on the American Revolution. There were several twists and turns in the story including the story within Connor and Haytham that kept me interested and engaged whilst completing the game. I completed AC3 in 51 hours so I am surprised the game held my interest. A big hit was the variety of missions such as killing an individual to defending a bridge crossing in a battle. This helped freshen the game and expand the story at hand while being engaging because the campaign covered a lot of ground. This included Haytham making his way to America at the beginning to transitioning to Connor and his journey from his small village into assassin. The endings for modern time and Connor were strong. I felt with Connors ending and also the epilogue there was a satisfying payoff to his journey, which also concluded multiple backstories like Achilles, which was very good. The modern day ending was rewarding in continuing the story of the first civilisation and the consequence with Desmond and the world.There are an abundance of side missions in AC3. Due to this, there is a ton of replayability. There are different types of side missions. For example, in Frontier you will have a Frontiersmen challenge, which will include skin five animals among other tasks. Once you complete them you get more challenges. I did not do them as well I found them uninspiring and boring. Other side missions include several semidecent naval missions that include securing a trade route and finding Captain Kidds treasure adventure among other naval missions. The trade route naval missions are unnecessary as you cannot unlock a naval convoy until sequence nine, late in the game. A naval convoy basically ships goods overseas to produce profit, which I will expand on after. But naval missions are fun for shooting boats mostly. Lastly, there are homestead missions, which once you do them you earn the ability for your artisans workers to produce higher quality goods to sell for higher. These were very fun side missions as there were a lot of them to keep me occupied and they also bring a managerial element into the game.The settings of AC3 are beautiful and vibrant. There are four main areas including Davenport Homestead, Frontier, Boston, and New York. All four have its own distinct qualities like Davenport Homestead is your home business basically while Frontier is where the majority of conflict between the British and Patriots take place. The weather system of snow, rain, etc. allows for each location to strive in realism and to look excellent. I ran the game on ultrasettings so the graphics looked great on everything, particularly the environment.The characters in this game are quite good. All characters have distinct personalities from the arrogant ones such as Haytham to the greedy ones of Benjamin Church. Therefore, it is pretty easy to invest into the characters that are good and bad as they do play a really good role in the game. For example, my favourite character is Haytham because his voice acting is brilliant, his arrogance is on point and his mannerisms best match his personality.The combat is very solid albeit repetitive in AC3. It involves the usual options of counter, throw, block and all that. The main difference in this instalment is the expanded variety of animations. The new animation of killing an individual or a counter attack are solid and fluid and is seamless in transitioning to the next maneuver. The naval combat is very good as well. Blasting ships is a bundle of joy as there are several ammunition types that enhance the battle. I prefer AC3s naval combat over Black Flag as I felt that was average and this is engaging. Also the movement of the player is also enhanced. For example, moving up a steep surface will be harder to climb for the player, adding some level of realism into the movement. It is fresh as it spices up the movement aspect.There are several new neat ideas in AC3. Features include the business aspect of trading and crafting that is fun. Meanwhile, the Brotherhood aspect implements a strategic element. The brotherhood aspect is the same from Brotherhood and Revelations and was introduced in Brotherhood. You have assassins and you send them over the country to do jobs that earn items, XP and money. The difference in this game is the recruiting of assassins. You have to complete liberation missions to eventually recruit an assassin, a simple yet effective idea.  Other features include the map feature which I feel has taken a downturn in this game. It is more difficult to uncover portions of the city as a viewpoint will not uncover all aspects of the area. This does encourage adventuring into unknown points in the city but I feel was too annoying at times. Lastly, the descriptions of individuals, groups and events in the animus database are neat and funny. They expanded my knowledge of what occurred and added some humour also.There are several negatives in the game that I will keep as simple as possible. My biggest negative with the game was the synchronisation between cut scene and game. For example, I have a Boston outfit on in the game but in the cut scene I would have my default outfit on. This has happened several times in the game it really did annoy me and hurt the cut scene that was happening. There are other glitches such as losing your item and having to reequip it at very few general stores in the cities. There are other things such as voice acting not being on par with subtitles for portions of the game. My second main negative was performance issues. My FPS for half the game was stable at 30FPS however in performanceintensive areas like snow and on a mountain overlooking an area would drop my FPS to about 10. The FPS fluctuated so much it did become a nuisance. Lastly, there was the occasional crash.Overall, this game is very good. I had low expectations of the story but I was certainly blown away by the storytelling especially with Connor and Desmond. The side missions were good filler to occupy time and keep me engaged. The combat was fun and fluid as always. The main negatives highlighted above hurt the rating but I understand its a massive game so its harder to iron all the issues. I would recommend this game at 30 due to the high amount of replayability. 7.75/10Join my review group if you liked this!