AGAIN WITH 15 MINUTE UNSKIPPABLE CREDITS. At least this stops in the fourth Assassins Creed took you long enough Ubisoft.Anyway, Assassins Creed 3 was a lot of firsts for me. It was the first AC game that I got angry at. It was the first AC game that I believe has an unfollowable story. It was the first AC game where Desmonds story is significantly more interesting than playing as the Assassin. It was the first AC game where I didnt get a single viewpoint or do any side quests  there was just no need to, nor were any of them on the way to the main quest. In fact this is the first AC game where the heart of the previous Assassins Creeds feel completely ripped out the formula was changed too much in all the wrong places to the point that you arent even playing an Assassins Creed game anymore.Oh yeah, ship battles were fun until you got to where you couldnt complete missions without upgrades. The only issue here is that upgrades cost 12,000 pounds, but I never had more than 100 pounds throughout the entire game. You arent awarded money for completing missions, and I only got menial amounts from looting bodies or pickpocketing people. I have absolutely no idea how Im supposed to get tons of money in this game because nothing I ever did gave me money, and I didnt have any reason to find out anyway. I just didnt do those harder ship missions.And there was something about hunting, forgot about that pretty quick.If this game were completely on its own outside of a series it would be pretty decent. The problem is it isnt an Assassins Creed game, its something entirely different that could have been condensed by cutting out all of the nonsense Connor went through and shoving the events of Desmond into the ending of Revelations. For that reason AC3 is one of the worst games I have ever played, and this is definitely one that I will never be returning to. My only real motivation for completing this mess was to power through it and be able to play Black Flag now, especially with all the hype I hear around that from my friends even if its many years old now. 