What I particularly love about this game is how high the stakes are. This is something completely omitted in the later entries in the series and one of their biggest drawbacks. Two factions in war with each other while an even bigger threat threatens to wipe them both out unless something is done about it. It was the same in the past in the war with the Isu and its happening again today. Its the same as Game of Thrones in a lot of ways, great lords distracted fighting one another while an apocalyptic threat comes down on them from the north. Its an awesome way to tell a story.The character development for the villains in this game is great, especially Charles Lee who has a real arc from eager apprentice to evil villain. He also has great lines. The rest of the Templar cohort is also fleshed out rather well before youre given the mission to assassinate them and this was well done and got me more invested in the story. The set piece battles are disappointing and too scripted. Nothing in the trailer can actually be done in the game and its not unfair to judge the gameplay based on promises a trailer makes. The main character is uncharismatic and dull, especially when viewed in contrast to Ezio. If I had to pick the games biggest flaw that would be it. If we dont like the player character and connect with him then whats left? Maybe he showed a bit humanity in the homestead missions but those missions arent mandatory and it was very brief as well. I like the slow buildup of the game, taking its time to develop the world and the characters within it. I think this is something rarely done in games and I would like to see more of it. But it loses its impact a bit when we dont have a strong protagonist to relate to.The multiplayer cutscenes are interesting in this one because they introduced a concept that would be further explored in the Black Flag. The animus as a gaming console used by Abstergo to control the past. After this game you no longer play as a named character in the present day story but rather as yourself, testing the animus console and even though you start to miss a proper protagonist in the later games the concept in itself is interesting. The overarching plot of the templars goal of releasing humanitys lost potential denied us by the ancients is also explored here and thats genuinely interesting. I just wish they would do more with it in the later installments of the series.The tailing mission in the Justice Served section of The Tyranny of King Washington warrants special mention because it was excellent. All throughout the mission you have to use wolf cloak to stay hidden but you cant use it for too long so you have to look for hiding spots to regain health and there are dogs that smell you along the way so you have to use bait to throw them off. I was never bored during this mission and in a series famous for its boring tailing missions this was truly exceptional. The DLC introduces a series of abilities that affect the meta of the game in several interesting ways and I think its a very well done expansion. Plus Robin Atkin Downes gives a great performance as Washington and its always cool to see him in games.I like the tomahawk quite a lot, it replaced the sword for me in this one because it feels better and more thematically appropriate to use. It handles kind of like the butcher knife in previous games only cooler and more brutal. I found the bow a lot more viable than the crossbow as well because of its thematic importance to the character but also the setting. That and with the new dart arrow you feel like such a badass predator hunting redcoats. Even if the new combat system was a bit simplified I still enjoyed it.Sadly the game is not without its bugs this time around either, such as NPCs scripting breaking on occasion, causing you to have to reload a checkpoint and and it even snowed indoors once. Although this is annoying I didnt mind as much as I did in Brotherhood and Revelations because of this games bigger scope. And at least the hidden blade hits the head instead of the air next to it this time. One particularly amusing episode was when I was avoiding guards with Sam Adams and I decided to kill some guards blocking the way to get to my destination faster and while Im mowing down dozens of redcoats like some native American terminator Sam Adams is yelling Leave him alone! Hes just a child. Hes done nothing wrong!Im one of those people who read all of the database entries as Im playing the game and through playing the series its gotten me interested in history in a big way. There are literally dozens of us! The database is written by Shaun in the lore of the game and he always adds little jokes and snarky comments directed at Desmond and as an extension, us the player, and this has fallen away in further installments after the third game. Though theyre still interesting they dont have the same charm to them but Im glad they brought it back in Syndicate.I loved building up the homestead and doing missions for the settlers. It fits the theme of building a new life in a new country and Ive always liked having a strong home base in open world games like this. One you enjoy coming back to. Its almost as good as Monteriggioni in Assassins Creed 2. By the time this game came out Black Flag was well into production and the addition of the naval missions was not only a smart move to prepare us for that game and tie the two of them together more closely but its also one of the most fun activities in the game. I was surprised to see so many clues to the two next games in the series, several references to the French Revolution and talk of unity between assassins and templars and Connors grandfather and his pirate roots.Game developers, when you walk along with an NPC to a specific destination and theres a conversation happening, please dont make it so the conversation is cut short because you arrived at the destination too fast! This happens more than once in this game and its absolutely infuriating. And its not like I was running to get there as fast as I could, no I was walking slowly next to the NPC. There should be a law against this type of game design. Make it so the conversation doesnt last any longer than the time it takes to get to the destination via the fastest route taken. I hate missing out on plot like this and it made me restart missions because of it. I also dont like the horse for the most part. Its more cumbersome than convenient to use most of the time, especially in the frontier with the amount of obstacles in your way and the lack of a stamina meter for your horse which means you cant maximize your speed.Your assassin recruits have personalities this time which is great. I loved calling in Stephane to help me out in a scrap. You can also choose between different abilities in your recruits depending on the situation, sniping or assassinating or rioting. I love this and its a great development of an already good system. Because of their personalities and the nature of the story, fighting a revolution, I was more interested in sending them out on missions in the mini game thats been featured in every game since Brotherhood. The ability to do it from a menu and not having to go to a pigeon coop to send them was very convenient and made me want to do it more.I like history so i didnt find the game or the story particularly boring but genuinely interesting and I loved learning about the American Revolution through this game. The game also showed us the first and last instance of something Ive always wanted to see modern day assassin gameplay. Its such a shame they didnt explore this further because fighting modern day enemies with a hidden blade was a lot of fun despite how brief it was. I believe the game to be underrated and though some of the criticism towards it is merited I still hold it in high esteem.