I do not recommend this game to anyone unless youre really curious to know how Desmonds saga ends and you dont want to watch that on youtube,etc  since this is certainly the worst game of Assassins Creed franchise didnt play Black Flag yet.The good Decent graphics Detailed environments Naval battles  When talking about game history the game beginning Sequence 1 to 3 and sequence 11 are the only decent story parts from a total of 12 sequences.The bad Once youre presented to the main character, Connor a native american indian, the disgrace comences and youll get more and more disappointed with the game. In fact youll never like the main char and will be more mind sided with Templars as the game continues. The main char is a complete tard, the way he become an assassin is dumb, he deals with his life challenges are above ridiculous. Everyone and every element will beat you... and I mean EVERY! An old lady, your father, cannon, guard, drunk, whatever... the main char nothing more than a walking shame disguised as an assassin on carnival suit I got sowith Connor that I had to immediately unblock Ezios suit to make him at least like a man  Im not kidding. There are a thousands of bugs on the game and some times you will have to reset the quest to understand what the hell you need to do next and sometimes something important get stuck in the scenario. If youre the kinda person who likes escalating things, forget it. UBISOFT manage to put so many guards in the roofs that you will pass most of the game alerting and running from them instead of having chance to explore the city. Also be aware that these magical guards uses the best alerting system in the entire galaxy, in 10 seconds the entire US Colony and British Army will be after you so youll have to deal with 20 to 30 soldiers EACH TIME you get on a top of roof! Things get a little better once you start liberating parts of the city but that is a test to patience since the game is boring and not motivating at all! The economy in this game is far from bad. Let me explain that with a little more details Ive finished the game without expending a single coin in weapons, consumables, whatever. Oh! But Ive spent money bribing people to stop guards from chasing me since Im the kinda guy who likes unlocking all outposts  The combat is far from easy, press the button at the right time and you won. This certainly needs improvement. Sequence 12 the final mission is the most absurd and idiot thing Ive seen in years... and Im not talking about Desmond history at all The DLC The Tyranny of King Washington doesnt need 5 minutes to show you that it sucks harder than the main history. It is a spin off from the main quest where Washington goes mad and pronounce himself as KingIf you bough this game and still are willing to play it after reading all this everytime you have a chance burn Connor to death, he deserves it. 