So, this game has been out for how many months now? And there are still at least dozens of glitches and bugs that have yet to be resolved. One example would be the pistols. When you have finally reached the stage where you can build new ones, and get a belt with holsters for two, guess what happens? One of your pistols will default back to the old, rubbish starter gun, regardless of if you buy the two barrel pistols or any other. Unless of course you pay for Enzios clothes, in which case one of the pistols will disappear completely.And then we havent gotten started on some other things, like the fact that youre only playing as two idiots once you leave Haytham, the fact that the story contains more plot holes than even remotely good stories and scenes, or the fact that the tutorial stretches for about 4/5 of the game. Thats right, you are damn nearly done playing the game once you have actually gotten to the stage where you are allowed the freedoms you would have experienced after just about an hour of gameplay in the last AC game. Bloody marvellous. This series quality stopped with the last game, this is simply an abomination compared to any of the earlier games.And since your character is a blittering idiot, say good bye to the days of actually using stealth and your brains during the main missions, where the story tends to go along the lines of using brute force and simply walking straight on to the target, despite being very easy to spot. The only place where stealth and remote signs of intelligence can be applied to the game would be the five minut side missions.Not to mention another little gem, namely the piece of Eden you get for completing the treasure hunt. Its basically a ring from the First civilisation t seriously, this game was better with just Templars and Assasins, no need for all these Mayan doomsday theories and ancient alien ghosts that is basically supposed to protect you from getting shot. Well, despite being able to deflect shots from ber modern laser blasters, it only causes about 1/6 of the shots in the game to be deflected, provided that youre at a far range and pointed in a specific direction. And to counter up for this, it seems that all shots that do hit you will be up to twice as harmful as they were before.Or the fact that to get full syncronisation in certain parts of the game, like the last part when preventing Washingtons assasination, you simply have to rely on a glitch or bug which causes the assasin to kill one body guard and then take off running away from Washington for you to actually be capable of getting 100 syncronisation. Or a part of the treasure hunt, where you will only get enough time to hunt a man and accomplish full syncronisation about every fourth time you restart from the last check point. The other times, he is simply running too fast for you to be capable of catching up with him and completing the other objective.Long story of nonsense, bugs, glitches, plot holes and whatnot, I regard this series to have died with the last game. This was just an act of digging up the game from its grave and tossing it into a swamp.