Assassins Creed 3 is full of potential, but it often misses its mark. There were a few concepts that were freshly introduced climbing trees, for instance. However, the mechanic was only used once or twice  and was not practical for just getting around. Same goes for most of the new content. Through most of the previous games, a lot of time was spent of rooftops, it was a lot of fun obviously this is different now that we are in colonial America. I felt like they tried to save part of it, you could follow blocks and run across a few buildings at a time before having to get down or fall. They also kept the rooftop guards  Im not sure if they were really that popular back then  and they were even more dense than the Roman ones. It felt unpolished, AA didnt even work for me  and some of the animations at critical points would go haywire mouths not moving, bodies generally spazzing out, etc. Something that I really liked was the ability to really play as Desmond, more than just at the beginning and/or end. Some of the scenes were very cool, and it transported you in a completely believable way. There were a few parts that bothered me, like the lack of a HUD when you fought you can not tell how full your health is, and there is no real indication.Ubisoft changed a lot in this game, mainly to keep people from getting bored with the Roman environment, and I think they could have done much better. Then again, maybe we will see another game where they improve. It was like that with the first and second Assassins Creed why not again?The story Warning, this might rob you of the potential experience when you play for yourself, so if you are sensitive to slight spoilers, turn back now. felt bland, very very much unlike the last games. There was no mention of Ezio through the entire game, minus one line that might possibly have been reffering to his work. In all the other games, Altier has some lore  and is brought up now and then. A major connection was held between Ezio, Desmond, and Altier and I did not feel that with Conner. The ending felt rushed, and wasnt really epic like what we saw in Assassins Creed Revelations and Assassins Creed Embers.I really wished they had worked harder on the story Ezios life spanned across 3 games and well over 50 hours, versus Conner, who is already on the old side at the end of 12 hours.So, in conclusion, I hope they stick to some of the ideas here. I also hope that they do a better job of developing and implementing those ideas in the future.