I really wish Steam would add a Maybe vote to the selection instead of Yes or No only.  That would be fitting for this game.ProsGraphics are great.Gameplay is fun, BUT with some drawbacks Ill explain later.Story is interesting, although a little rushed and disconnected at times.  Nonetheless, its good!Love the openworld.  Very detailed and thought out.The parkour is VERY fun at times but can also be problematic too, more on this later.Riding on horseback is great...few games out there do this better.Characters are wellwritten, and voiceacting is superb!Cutscenes are not annoying and add to the experience unless you want to repeat missions over and over to get a perfect synchronization score, then and only then, the cutscenes waste time.ConsThe controls are my biggest complaint.  I cannot fathom any good idea as to why they created the controls like they did, other than to simply do it differently from all other games of similar genre.  Going with a standard control scheme like similar games would have greatly improved this area but no, the default keymapping and functionality is horrid...cannot stand it, and it absolutely takes away from the combat and overall experience.  I dont know this for fact, but I assume this problem is b/c they ported the game from console, and the keyboard  mouse input does not mesh well??  Could be wrong, but thats my theory.The parkour is fun, but at times will complicate and even impede your progress/movement.  One example  sprinting down tight alleys will often end up with you hanging off a ledge or trying to climb up a wall at the worst time possible.  This is a minor complaint though.If youre a hardcore AC fan, Im sure youll love this game.  If youre a casual gamer or just never got into the series, you might want to wait for a Steam sale or simply pass on this game.  As for me, I dont regret buying the game, but I was disappointed.P.S.  My  of game time hours isnt calculated correctly.  I have more hours than what Steam is reporting.