Ive beat it twice now and I still think its bad. The only part of this game I actually liked was the Desmond/present day sequences, and they account for maybe 5 of the game if you go slow. Connors story is decent but couldve achieved much more and I found myself spacing out during some of it because its so uninteresting. The controls are awful, you cant jog, only walk and sprint. Connor doesnt listen to what you want him to do half the time, will run up walls for no reason, will run up walls when theres no wall there, fail to assassinate when you click, fail to jump when you press right click and space, will rubberband back onto railings thats hes on, et cetera, and in missions where you cant be detected this is fatal, and since during the missions this franchise is never forgiving when it comes to checkpoints during stealth, this creates a huge waste of time. Facial animation is often inaccurate or out of sync with the audio, and the subtitles are full of errors and sometimes just plain wrong. The shooting mechanic is nearly useless if youre actually trying to use F to aim unless your target is COMPLETELY stationary, and even then it may or may not work depending on the camera. Hunting is boring and tedious. You have to go out of your way to get money so you save time by just never buying anything. Did I mention the controls are terrible? NPCs frequently just disappear for no reason. Theres a mission where you have to loot a corpse to get a uniform, but if redcoats attack you too much, then once youve killed enough the corpse disappears and you have to restart the missions. Graphical popin and LOD is horrid even at the highest settings. In present day, Rebecca now looks like an anime girl I guess and has no facial expressions. Ever. She always has that same blushy almost smile. ALWAYS. She, Desmond and William frequently have their idle animations messed up while theyre talking to you. Shauns head goes inside his body, Rebecca owlnecks, which are kind of funny, but its annoying when youre walking together and they keep stuttering. Not enough Desmond playtime. The Desmond sequences are fantastic but take 5 minutes, maybe 8 if youre slow, to complete, and theres only 3 or so. Overall agame that couldve been decent, even quite good, if actually PLAYING it was any fun. 