After 5 years and 4 games, you would probably expect the 5th game in a series to be pretty close to perfect, right? Sadly, that is not the case with Assassins Creed III. Its not a bad game, but it also doesnt exactly rise to its full potential.Plotwise, AC3 closes the book on the first major chapter in the Assassins Creed storyline. Although Desmonds quest concludes, the ending leaves enough unanswered questions to allow for future games though I suspect many may feel the actual ending is a bit anticlimactic. The bulk of the game takes place in Boston and New York during the American Revolution and feels quite different from its predecessors. Part of the mystique of those games is, I believe, the unfamiliar settings. Conversely, the setting in AC3 is much more familiar to people and I think it diminishes the impact a little bit. I dont exactly fault them for it, as I think its a good idea to switch things up, but just be aware that you might not get the same wow factor as from previous games.One thing that did bring the wow factor, at least for me, is the world they built. In addition to Boston and New York, there is also an expansive wilderness to explore. These areas are not only enormous, but visually beautiful at least, with all the PC settings cranked to the max. Maybe Im just an old fogey or easily impressed, but I really was amazed at what they were able to pull off technically, in terms of the environments.You play as Connor, a young Native American. He doesnt start out as an Assassin, but comes to learn the way of the Order after a series of events lead him to discover his destiny. The character is interesting, but not as immediately likeable as Ezio. One of the annoying things about the game is how theyve made Connor into an 18th century Forrest Gump  he always somehow happens to end up at or play a part in seemingly every major event leading up to and during the Revolution. I know the idea behind this series is that history isnt exactly what we thought it was, but AC3 really stretches it to levels of absurdity.Gameplaywise, AC3 is a lot like its predecessors which is good, but somehow they managed to take steps backward in a number of areas. For one thing, they decided to completely change the control scheme after spending 4 games perfecting it combat and freerunning are now handled differently requiring a bit of time to relearn, targeting is a mess, the weapon and map menus have been changed for the worse, and the stealth mechanics sometimes dont work at all. A lot of it just feels totally half And dont even get me started on the bugs. I cant recall any other game Ive played that was as buggy as AC3. I would run into a completely new bug seemingly every hour, many times having to reload checkpoints or restart in order to continue.But not everything is bad. As I said, the environments are amazing, and the gameplay is generally OK once youve settled into the new control scheme. So its more of the standard AC formula, and thats not a bad thing when it works. New to AC3 are naval missions, which look amazing and feature awesome waterbased physics. I had fun with these bits, but I can also see how some people might get bored with them, as they are a bit repetitive. Luckily, these missions are mostly optional.Ultimately, AC3 is a good, but slightly disappointing game. Do the negatives completely ruin the experience? Not really... but it is nonetheless a disappointment when a game like this has so many rough edges. For fans of the series, it is still worth playing, especially since it concludes the story. For those who havent yet played an AC game, however, I would recommend starting with either AC2 or Brotherhood instead.Grade BNote I dont recommend playing any of the Assassins Creed games unless you have an Xbox360 controller or equivalentfeatured gamepad. The AC games have complicated control schemes and were clearly designed with controllers in mind, so proceed with mouse/keyboard at your own risk. 