Assassins Creed 3 to me represents the worst game in the series.Mostly because it had so much potential. It was advertised as potentially being the game to reinvigorate the franchise. At the time AC3 released Assassins Creed already had a reputation as being a yearly released franchise with just the same game rereleased over and over again. With AC3 we were promised arguably one of the more interesting settings, the American Revolutionary War. And we were promised that the game would feature an open world you could traverse either by foot, by boat or by horse.What we got was a game that was half finished. The game controls awkwardly with the gamepad and the user interface is much less functional than in previous games. Its only marginally better with KBM. Things like using your gun, to switching weapons, to countering attacks feels very sluggish compared to previous games. It doesnt help that the combat is ludicrously easy and that its near impossible to die due to the very forgiving regenerating health. Despite being advertised differently, the big war battles in AC3 are slow and time consuming. All of the missions in the game feel like a chore and the most enjoyment I had with it was running around the overworld and doing side missions.The story is where the game really dropped the ball for me. Nothing in AC3 is unique in terms of story. It plays out very predictibly and it feels like it wouldve been much more interesting had they been given another year of development time. The first fewof gameplay are spent in an extremely long extended tutorial sequence which I just want to skip past every single time. The game does get better once you become an Assassin but it really is a slog to get through that first 3 hour milestone. It doesnt help that the protagonist Connor is easily the least interesting character in the game. Who mostly does what hes told and never really comes across as a fully realized character. The Present day storyline is also at its most annoying in this game. Youre frequently taken out of Connors storyline into Desmonds vastly less interesting storyline to be given endless amounts of exposition you dont care about. I really began tothe cutscenes in this game after only a few hours.Its really sad to me because there are great aspects of this game. I love exploring the frontier and I love the sailing mechanic. The aesthetic of AC3 was something the developer really did very well, and something they thankfully translated well into later titles like Black Flag and Rogue. Things like running through snow, to jumping along treetops, to sailing around in the Aquila are all done really well, and I wasnt surprised those mechanics were done by different studios entirely. The American Revolutionary War is one of my favorite parts of history to read about, and its depressing to me it ended up being used so poorly here.To me AC3 is the worst game in the series. Unlike Revelations which was just dull and uninteresting, AC3 is a mix of things you like and everything youabout Assassins Creed. And its really sad to me because had they been given more time to work on the game it couldve easily been the best game in the series. As it stands now it remains one of the biggest indications of missed potential in a videogame.