Assassins Creed 3 is what you get when you take a franchise about stabby stabby with a scifi twist and churn out a game thats 25 stabby stabby, 50 pointless minigames, 20 historical revision and 5 Desmond. Now Ive always been a big fan of the Assassins Creed series until around Revelations when I noticed that Ubisoft just seems to have stopped caring.I started Assassins Creed 3 thinking, Oh hey. This guy seems pretty interesting, this psychopathic, and relentless British murderer. Hes not quite Ezio but lets see where it goes. After three games of Ezio, a change of pace is well received. Presumably this character is just for the introduction sequence, which is a shame really. A very long introduction sequence. Honestly, the game doesnt feel like its started until youre on around act six, and with only twelve or so acts, thats a great chunk of time dedicated to just getting through the freaking tutorial stages.Connor is a fairly boring and flat protagonist. He lacks the attitude of Altair, and the charisma of Ezio. This new protagonist brings zero personality to the table, his own father Haytham possessing far more charm and wit, as murderously cold as it is. Connor is like Desmond, only he doesnt swear, so not only do we have a protagonist without a personality but he also lacks any edginess, because apparently using the word  over and over in gaming now makes your protagonists edgy.The free running is fine, maybe it would be better if every tree wasnt the ing same. But yeah, the free running is pretty standard for any Assassins Creed game. Hunting is a fairly pointless addition. Aside from the hunting sidequests, all I had to do to successfully hunt was occasionally stab anything that ran out infront of me. Sometimes an elk or deer would just get stuck in a tree and Id casually deliver the finishing blow.Trading and gathering money is pointless. Homestead missions dont feel immersive and contribute nothing to the greater whole of the story. Naval missions are one of the highlights as far as pointless side quests go, though the novelty wears off after the first three or four times you do it. Honestly, they could have made a separate game just for this waaaait they already did that with Assassins Creed 4.Most of the villains you defeat and kill as Connor isnt even that bad. Killing some of them leaves a bad taste in your mouth, but Connor never seems to express much concern in whether or not hes doing is right or wrong.Boston and New York look the ing same, minus some burned buildings. The underground parts are not only mind numbingly boring but absolutely pointless. There are a lot of additional features and quests in this game that you think would contribute more to your stabby stabby efforts, but they really dont and theyre not very fun or rewarding either.Stealth seems a lot more difficult than it was in previous games and by difficult I mean nonexistent. I tried being stealthy in a lot of areas and it just never worked, leaving me to resort to my invincible assassin badroutine. At times it felt more like playing batman arkham asylum.The real life segments of the game are extremely rushed, and theres only one part worth watching where everyones least favourite character receives a smack against his Adam Sandler mug. The mission where you kill Warren Vidic is extremely rushed, boring and doesnt allow for any character development whatsoever. Its extremely hard to sympathise with any characters at this point.I hope we dont see Connor in anymore games, and while this was okay, even Assassins Creed 1 felt more concise in what it was trying to deliver. This by comparison is an assorted tired mess of a game. Its still not as bad as Revelations. 