Alright, just wrapped this game up last night. It took me about 40 hours to play, although I probably could have added another 1015 to the base game experience if I really wanted to.First off I dont understand why this game was panned so hard after release. Its actually quite good. It offered a huge leap in actual gameplay mechanics, introduced ship battles which would later be perfected in Black Flag, was a very cool setting, and had a pretty great story compared to earlier entries in the series IMO. It also offered closure to the Desmond Miles story arc and set the table for the next stage of storytelling which again begins with Black Flag.Initially, you play as Haytham Kenway, son of Edward who was featured in Black Flag. After a brief stint as Haytham, you then play as his son Connor, who you spend the rest of the game as. I thought both characters to be compelling, and I enjoyed their interactions together towards the end of the game. While I wouldnt say Connor was my favorite character int he series by any stretch of the imagination, I liked him more than I liked Ezio for sure.As I mentioned before, the gameplay was much improved from previous entries. No more jerking you around with trigger controlled cameras, not as much inadvertent climbing lol, more seamless and intuitive combat, plus the addition of hunting, homestead building, and of course ship upgrading and battles.As far as the fleshing out of the world and side quests go, I enjoyed most of them. The homestead missions were cool, liberating the forts was fun, the Hunting Society and Frontiersman quests were interesting and sometimes funny, The Search for Oak Island was fairly epic, the liberation missions added a new wrinkle, etc....I didnt bother to grab all the almanac pages or feathers, although they werent too much of a chore the ones I did gather. I also didnt really bother too much with pivot points, which are really only useful if you intend to keep playing after you finish the game the first time. Privateer missions were quite a bit of fun as well, and there was a bunch of other stuff that I just dont feel like typing out here that added to the experience and gave a lot of value to this game.I mentioned the liberation missions. Those end up unlocking assassins you join your cause and will help you in a number of different ways, both directly in battle, with distracting guards, and actually helping sneak you into contested areas. I highly recommend completing all of those missions.This game marks the end of Desmond Miles story arc in the series, and offers a new arc which as of Syndicate, hasnt been fully realized yet, but has opened up a bit. I thought it was an interesting ending and I thought it worked well with the story such as it was leading up to this game. Very interesting and cool. It also takes you through many of the pivotal moments of the Revolutionary War and the politics behind it.All in all, I thought this was a journey worth taking, and this game really offers so much. You could easily put a lot more time into this game than I did and still not run out of stuff to do. Id give this 8 redcoats fleeing back to England on Evacuation Day out of 10 possible.