Greedy s, thats what every corporation on earth is. Ubisoft reminds me of my old Jewish landlord, guy was a disgusting slum lord who fixed nothing. A cancerous blister, whose only joy came out of legally robbing his tenants. Ubisoft, EA, Acti, all ing trash, and two of them even have enough balls to come up with their own online services to put their  games they pump out. DRM on top of DRM. So the cycle continues because we all buy into it. I can hear my grandmother telling me what the  am I doing giving my money to these people, and to be honest Its because of boredom.Like what the  are you doing later tonight? Nothing, the sameIve been doing the past twelve years. I got people coming up to me asking why I am not dating or what will I be doing later on in the night, would you like to grab a coffee? No, Im going to be on steam writing reviews that have barely anything to do with the game Im reviewing. You know what its like to go to work and hear how ing handsome you are, and why are you just doing this, since your intellect and looks could get you so much further in life. Like how the  do you know how I feel inside? Why, because I joke about my vanity? Attractive people arent suppose to be depressed?Like who makes up these rules. I think Im going to compile all of these reviews and post them on my website, whenever I drum up the willpower to create one. Some retard will say youre being an angst teen make sure to tip your fedora the only thing these internet dungeon dwellers can come up with, with their pea sized brains. Epic dank memes bro, dem mays mays be crayquot How they even function in the real world is a mystery. Like, when their parents die and they have no one to pay the bills, how the  are they going to take care of themselves?What are they going to put on their resume? Yes, I would like to be hired for this job, my skills include being a dmg in csgo, watching 1000 animes, and naming more than 52 current female jav stars. Yeah, exactly, no, what will happen is, they will go on the system and I will be checking them into one of my rooms at my job, they will destroy said room, and move on to place to place having nowhere to call home. I ing hate my goddamn job. I hate my goddamn boss, and I hate dealing with the ing zombies that infest the many rooms.How Asscreed 3 brought this about, I dont know lol. For some reason I seen it sitting in my library and it just annoyed me. 