Ive seen the same major NPC spawned twice in the same room, each with broken animations.Ive had missions where I had to start riots to progress, only to have the rioters spawn two blocks over, and clumped up in such a way that their bodies were intersecting each other, clearly a glitch.I distinctly remember one of the early missions I did being entirely broken, requiring me to restart the game twice, just to figure out a way of avoiding the glitch.Climbing on the outside of a boat, trying to infiltrate it stealthily? Hope you havent momentarily been glimpsed out of the corner of one guards eye. Its not enough to actually make him alert to you, but he never seems to become unsuspicious, and worse seems to psychicly know where youre at, even though he cant see you. I had to restart a single mission THIRTY times, just because of this and other glitches.Glitches aside, the story meanders, and fails to have a cohesive plot. The protagonist is railroaded into one story after another, clearly more to force the plot to carry you along with major historical events riding the same horse as Paul Revere, for example rather than writing a good story against the backdrop of the Revolutionary War. The developers clearly had a checklist of major and minor historical figures and events that they wanted to force you into meeting.The voice acting of the main protagonist is dull. He has two tones Grey, and loud. The writing is shoddy, with his emotional state seemingly random.The mechanics are a bit haphazard as well. Hunting? Its never really made clear what thats for. Possibly for nearpointless crafting for absolutely pointless trading, and the occasional collection quest, but I have tons of materials in my pocket because infinite pockets that Im never quite sure if Im supposed to be selling or saving, so Ive stuck with saving and ultimately doing nothing with them.Climbing trees? Dangerous, not actually all that useful since it slows you down. Same with buildings, at this point. Gone are the days of AC1 and AC2s free running being a transportation method. The roofs of buildings are often too mismatched or unconnected to ever be useful. It was so bad that even the developers realized they needed to shoehorn in an underground maze that unlocks fast travel points around the area, so you can quickly traverse the city without having to deal with actually playing the game to travel.The maze you unlock fast travel with? Dull. Its atmospheric at first, but after spending 45 mindnumbing minutes exploring ever nook of it just to make sure I missed nothing there was nothing to miss, only the fast travel points are down there, I now have absolutely no reason to visit it ever again, and regret spending so much time with it.Side missions? Most of them involve little to no plot. In fact, the vast majority involve finding four people in a city, and pushing a button/key while standing next to them. The most complicated the dialog gets is something like Thank you for delivering this.Im around half way through the game, and most of the time I spend playing it has me either rolling my eyes, yawning, or incredibly frustrated.Im only playing it because I feel its necessary to not miss part of the overarching story. I read books. I own books enough to fill two sevenfoottall bookshelves. Ive been reading my whole life, and scifi/fantasy stories are my bread and butter. I cant not finish this game before moving on to the reportedly better AC4, but Im NOT enjoying the experience.The first time I started playing it, I spent 19 hours with it before I gave up. Its the first PC AC game I didnt play through to the end. Im back now a year and a half later, playing it again, just so I can finish it and move on to the reportedly much better AC4. Im 48 of the way through, and wish it was already over.If youre not like me, and can stand to skip this bit of the story or are willing to let someone else spoil it for you, do not buy this game. If you DO need to buy this game, I recommend spending as little money as possible. 