Assassins Creed III is by no means the best of the franchise, but its still worth your time, especially if youre a fan.I dont think anyone watched the trailers, teasers, or TV spots more than me I was pumped for this game. I loved Ezios story, but I was ready for a new man in new robes and in a new era. Colonial America in the midst of revolutionary war? Yes! George Washington and Benjamin Franklin? Sign me up! An actual bow with arrows? I cant wait! Combat was also promised an upgrade with the new ability to dual wield weapons which included a very coollooking tomahawk. And did I mention the hunting?My initial reaction was a negative one, Im sad to report. The disjointed story, lack of character development, and the overly long tutorial portion of the game in addition to the protagonist, a halfEnglish and halfNative American named Ratonhnhakton or simply Connor, being unlikable and unrelatable, was all disappointing to me. A previous reviewer called this game a wellcrafted mess and I think this is the most apt description Ive heard so far. Everything about it screams epic and it feels like they really had something big planned for the game, but there was a breakdown in communication somewhere in development and the endproduct just didnt meet everyones expectations. According to an Ubisoft employee, there were too many cooks in the kitchen. Thats not to say this game is bad, it just means that it wasnt as good as it could have been, and its nowhere near the level of its predecessors.Skip to the last paragraph for closing statements if you havent played the game.Lets start with the story. It just doesnt pull you in and it never reaches a point where you think, Wow. This is awesome. AC II had you invade Vatican City and use Da Vincis flying machine to glide over the towers of Venice. AC Brotherhood had you scale the ancient walls of the Colosseum and columns of pagan temples. AC Revelations the arguably weakest of the three even had you returning to Masyaf castlestronghold of the Assassins in Altars timein the first DNA sequence. But what do we do in this installment? Well, at one point, you run from point on point on a battlefield in a very linear, arranged fashion, trying not to get mowed down by the British army the army that you decimate singlehanded in the cinematic trailer. You also do a lot of pouting... and asking where a certain Mr. Lee might be located on one occasion, hes simply sitting behind you. Additionally, theres Paul Revere, who rides your horse so he can warn the Patriots of an impending British attack, whose instructions can be interpreted as annoying.In my opinion, the game shines when the story is focused on Haythem Kenway, Connors father, and his motives for his behavior and his interactions with his son. Wheres Charles Lee? I dont know and I dont care. Haythem, a character you play during the first few sequences, is a fascinating man and one we should have seen more of. His ending was tragic, not because of who it involved, but because of who he was fighting for. Why was Lee the one to lead the colonies to a Templarfriendly future? Why couldnt Kenway, the patently better man, do this? I either couldnt follow the logic or some important moments in the story were left on the cutting room floor in the rush to meet the release date. The rest of the Templar baddies were onedimensional villains who get picked off onebyone just like in the other games and theyre not even committed Templars. I did find Lee to be an interesting antagonist, though he makes all the classic villain mistakes I will watch him suffer and kill him later!. I also enjoyed the homestead and naval missions, though I felt like trading and crafting were a waste of my time it never felt like I needed moneyConnor doesnt wear armor nor does he require anything that cant be looted off a body.I love the new stealth elements. Connor has the ability to hide behind corners and in tall grass and brush and lure enemies to their deaths by means of whistling. I feel this was sorely needed and I hope they add more ways of killing clandestinely in future installments.This game was a fresh vision for the Assassins Creed series, which was growing a bit overly serious and stale by the end of Revelations. The formula of starting over in a new city, reclaiming it from Templar influence, and inducting forgettable minions into the Order to assist you in missions was growing tiresome. All that considered, I very much appreciate what they attempted to do with this game and the direction its going. Connor may be unlikable, but that doesnt mean he wasnt a good character, and hes part of the Kenway story. Recommended.