Where to start.The Pros. well opnimized a very rare thing for Ubisoft it runs better than all the other AC gamesGood graphics, and I really mean that. The textures are very detailed and the Boston looks great.Great controls, they are a complete improvement over the older ones.Interesting back drop being the American RevolutionDecent open world with a pretty large wildernessfun minigamesI like checkars myselfChanging SeasonsVery nice featureNaval Warfare!ACiV blackflag makes this a moot pointCons Typical AC dreck story. Who ever thinks this writing is smart is an idiot. Its very cheesy to me and honestly the whole Animus Templar thing needs to stop. I hope the Templars win and end this doggy bag of a story. They do not need it. Simply make Connors story or if they wanted to be smart make all the stories and link them at the end. Anything outside of the historical elements seems dull. How about you send us to the 1700s and let us do whatever.This is the weekest story, excluding what I am hearing about Unity. Again, drop the Animus and tell a good story with accual historic fact.No true historic facts. Its all scewed, and sure dates and loactions might be right but not true to what happened. A little known fact... Valley Forge is not north of New York and west of Boston. That would probably be Canada. I mean how they portray Gen. Washington wronge is one thing, but moving Valley Forgethat was in the center of 13 Colonies to Northen NY or Canada makes no sense. The distance between the two is like if in AC2 you have Tuscany and then fast travel to Berlin that just North of Venice.New York City. 15 years in the future New York Cityaround 1790sthis would be a boom town, but as shown here its not. At this time it was just a port. The fact that they chose NY city here shows Ubisofts ignorance to the time period or the country. The obvious city to pick is Philly. It changed hands a few times, many battles were fought near therenot to mention Valley Fodge is like 10 miles away from there. Or is it in Canada..., and it was one of the biggest cities in the Americas rivaling Boston and exceeding at this time. The other city would have been Richmond to pick over New York and this is the one I would have picked. It would have been different and there for more interesting. Still, theres a number of more interesting cities. This is history, so teach us some history. Dont show where Wall Street will be in a few decades. Richmond would have displayed slavery and given us more of a moral issue. Again Philly would have made a lot more sense.A lack in weapons and outfits to pick from.wont everyone know youre an assassin if you wear that stupid hoodie like a tool. Should we be blending... Or a Native in Boston wearing a hoodie like a shady teenager be a little obviousFeels very hollow. Even the hunting. There is little immersion even with good graphics.It makes you play it their way. I dont like hand holding at all. If I want to do what I want to do, and I think this is where all AC are held back. I dont get why you cant kill civilians. The guy is an assassin. Who sneaks up and kills unarmed people for personal gain. Thats a pretty heinus person if you ask me. So this murderer is only suppose to murder who they want murdered?Still all things considered it has its moments and I do like roaming the streets and changing the weather. It has its share of problems, but I do like it. It just could have been so so much better. Still if its on sale pick it up. Its a decent play through even with its flaws if you care more about free roaming. Its just not ACiv or to lesser extent II, and its history told by someone who never study or looked at a map. Or have any idea how to make a decent story. Or any clue how to be a decent assassin. Or knows much about History. 