SPOILERSI have a lovehate relationship with the AC series. The first presented a fascinating concept, while being a tad barebones. The second I find to be far and away the best of the series, managing to balance that precarious line between the momentum of telling a story, while providing the player ample freedom and fresh experience. Brotherhood is where I began feeling the wheels start to fall off, and much the game seemed to cram you into a particular playstyle. I get why this is done... since you are in the Animus reliving your ancesters memories, technically, you should be doing things exactly as he did. Ive never really liked the Animus gimmick however, in part because I like open world games that actually breath the sense of freedom, rather than chide and wag its finger at you going oh no, no, no, thats not how we want you to play the game!I find everything from Brotherhood onward involves a fair bit of trial and error, and the game feels the need for realism to the point that things start feeling more like a tedious chore than a test of ingenuity. It becomes less about finding creative ways of accomplishing a task which I typically attribute to the open world formulas greatest strength and this paradoxical linear open world where you have to follow the directions or else suffer the penalty. This is not difficult per se although I admit a lot of it is me zoning out and not paying attention, so I admit Im a tad lazy, but it does get tedious.The problem with AC III is that unlike Revelations or Brotherhood, the positive parts dont quite make up for the glaring bugs, flaws, poor design choices the godawful UI which is clearly designed for a console and where it will sometimes literally bug out and Ill have to CtrlAltDel just to exit the trading menus.Haytham Kenway is the only part of this game I really liked... hes charming, clever and intimidating in a way that only serves to further remind me of how bland Connor is. The brief relationship where he and Connor work together is the most fascinating part of the game and the only reason Im glad to have finished the game.Desmond Myles annoys me. Part of this is, I admit, that I think the whole hoody thing is so NOT inconspicuous, but really, the character himself I just dont like very much. In a way, hes right, in the sense that hes basically an errand boy, just as the player is an errand boy, forced to follow the objective marker rather than think of novel ways to solve a problem. These restrictions that have plagued the AC series since Brotherhood I find suffocating rather than liberating. Call me old fashioned, but I like open world games to have a level of freedom and choice that doesnt really fit the AC universe, especially with the whole Animus gimmick of syncing with your ancestors memories.AC III has bad horses, the combat is basically a glorified set of quicktime events, the game has actually forced actual quicktime events on you, and lets not forget that the bushes you hide in arent exactly convincing. The game honestly feels like it was rushedit feels more like a blueprint that was pushed into publication before it was ready. There are segments in the narrative that feel legitimately rushed, like certain cutscenes never got put in, resulting in a flow that feels rather choppy.AC III has its share of babysitting missions as well as a host of other tired AC formulas like deliveries, races, and recruiting new assassins. I skipped virtually all of these. Even viewpoints I basically skipped over just to finish the game, because they somehow lack the sense of scale or grandeur that you got from Constantinople, Roma or Firenze, for instance.All in all, Id say skip this one unless youre really into AC series. I have not played Black Flag yet, and the only reason I forced myself to finish AC III is that Im a stuborn dumbass that finishes games he doesnt like simply for the right to rant about them afterwards.Also, I find the whole Desmond Myles Vault thing utterly tedious and I really dont care for THE CHOSEN ONE nonsense yes, thats right, I consider it nonsense. Heres hoping Black Flag alleviates some of my many grievances with the AC series that have grown like tumors with each iteration. I am also annoyed with Ubisoft for 1 forcing third party DRM which is confusing to navigate, so great job there, Ubisuck and 2 they seem to be WAY too sequel happy. I feel like they are milking the series for all its worth and attempting to stripmine every last bit of history for yet another sequel to sell us. It feels more like pandering than genuine development of a compelling narrative, although I admit the whole Matrix type story isnt what appealed to me in the first place with the series.I put up with the Desmond sections simply because I like historically faithful ish games that attempt to capture the spirit of the times something that AC I and II I felt have captured better than any of the other games. I know some people do enjoy the matrix type elements, but ultimately, thats just my personal taste for not being terribly keen on them.5/10