Assassins Creed 3 has its flaws, but they are outshone by a large and inviting world and an adventure weve all secretly wanted to play long before AC was even a twinkle in Ubisofts eye.I expect you all know the basic framework of Assassins Creed Youre a character sent into your ancestral past to search for ancient relics which pertain to a race of Precursor Aliens and the end of the world, and somehow every person youre able to play as happens to be a member of or is directly tied to a secret society of Assassins. I think everyone egrees though that you could lose pretty much all of the modern day and alien story and stay in the historical setting. AC has learned this down the line, and AC3 is really the culmination of the seriesspanning Precursor storyline.The FlawsThe game takes FOREVER to truly get started. You only see the title credits an hour into the game, and you have to play an entirely different character from the protagonist for the first 34 hours as well. While this works as an excellent story mechanic and a slightly longwided tutorial session, it falls flat when you have to RELEARN the same things the game has just taught you like how to shop, etc when you advance to the main protagonist. This feels like BAD EDITING rather than anything else, as if nobody really sat back and lined up all the storyline cards and asked Is four hours of following an ally whos on rails actually fun for a player wanting to get into Assassins Creed? Once the meat of the plot kicks off though the game comes into its own.The voice acting is pretty shoddy in some cases yet somehow flawless in others  looking at you, expertly acted Charles Lee. Mostly its the Native American language which sounds stilted and confused a lot of the time. One elderly native seems to have a very young womans voice with a very strange way of drawing out her sentences. Ive also heard three different ways that the natives pronounce our protagonists colloquial name which I wont bother attempting to spell here. It was a nice ATTEMPT at plunging the player into the Native American culture but in the end it fell short  being poorly executed.The old AC fundamental flaw of poor controls. Too many times will Connor launch the wrong direction off a roof or leg it down the streets of Boston or New York, only to opt to jump on top of a table and pause for the view while the enemy is in hot pursuit. If youve played AC before, youll know the drill and you learn to ignore it.The GREAT BITS!!!The graphics of Assassins Creed really began to come into their own with AC3. The wild Frontier is varied and beautiful save in some places an odd overabundance of smoke/mist, windfloating leaves, and specularities which make it look like Connor could be under water. Dont try TOO hard Ubisoft.The city and frontier design is great and its a fun challenge trying to get from one place to another without your feet hitting the ground.The plot while slow to take off is nicely driven and theres a nice variety of characters. A common complaint is that people dont like the main character Connor. I too think hes a complete asshat, but I have no complaints about this. I dont expect everyone in MY ancestry to be a charming Ezio or a smouldeirngly silent Altair. Connors whining, shouting, and immaturity mirrors those who are complaining about him.The naval gameplay while still taking off  leading to arguably one of the best games in the franchise ACBlack Flag was a lovely implementation and Im glad it was used sparingly enough for Ubisoft to learn from it and make it better in AC4.Theres so much to do in AC3 that youll never get around to all of it. Im not sure how many people actually play the sidegames offered on a varity of street corners, or chase every one of Benjamin Franklins lost almanac pages, but theres always plenty to do in the New World.Combat is smooth and satisfying and its great to see Connors own emotive reactions on his face while he porks a tomahawk into a redcoats back. You feel powerful and skilled even early on in the game.Weve all wanted a game where we can play as a Native American fighting back against the influx of Europeans in the New World whether we realise it or not Im glad AC took up this mantle and made a game out of it.I reccommend AC3, particularly to those who are a fan of the franchise, but also to the patient few who are looking for an expansive adventure into the past and are willing to plow through a few hours of handholding first.And as always with Ubisoft  dont look directly at the bugs.