The combat felt more complex. Like you had more options. You can disarm an enemy using a musket, shoot him with it, and repeat that cycle for every gunweilding man, ...and its FUN.You couldnt just spam the counter button. You had to approach different enemies in different ways. This gave you an excuse to use the more options you had. I loved the challenge.Death by the hand of combat hadnt typically happened to me in an AC game since the first one. Usually I die of jumping from rooftops. That still happens to me btw and Im on the 4th game as of typing this.Overall Fun, challenging, AWESOME!5/5Climbing is even faster. You can climb trees and rocks at last. I came up with a little quote while playing If its a rock, Connor can climb it. I dont see any possible handholds yet he still climbs up like its nothing. Im not complaining, though, I love the freedom of scalable rocks.It is rare if not impossible for you to not be able to scale something. Like buildings or cliffs. They are usually climbable. You can climb onto moving windmills, too, so thats pretty interesting. And this also can lead to your death by gravity and physics. Theres no climb leap anymore, so you dont risk jumping to your death. Im certain some of you know what I mean if youve played the Ezio games.Leap of faith is typically without flaw, and escaping by climbing up, not away, is a decent strategy because guards forget how to aim when youre on a vertical surface.Overall Faster and more efficient climbing mechanic, and you can now scale most rocks and trees, but3.5/5Amazing. I dont have much else to say4/5but if you give him a chance, youll see that he is a very compassionate and emotional person. He cares about people, even if hes just met them, and he shows this caring nature through acts of kindness.but that is just how he gets sht done. His naivety can even be funny at times, and I cant help but laugh every time he says Where is Charles Lee? !Overall WhileI still love Connor. He is emotional, empathetic, and concrete. And sometimes hilarious.3/5I personally loved the Desmond part of ACIII. In my opinion, it was quite boring to play as Desmond in many of the previous games unless it was storyrelated. There seemed to be nothing to do but talk to the rest of the team and listen to Shauns sass.But now you can run around thewhere Desmond, Rebecca, Shaun, etc. are staying and explore little bits and pieces related to theand do little freerunning puzzles in between. The story bits during the modernday sequences are so hypefilled for me and felt greatly involved and connected with the story.Overall During modernday, more stuff to do when playing as Desmondstory sequences are full of hype.4.5/5Whistling, peeking around corners, and hiding in bushes/brush are introduced. It is a great improvement as opposed to previous games stealth mechanics.Overall The stealth is overall better than in the previous games. A relief, but also possibly a ragequit due to different AI being different3.5/5Each recruit has a special ability. Some enable you to start a riot, using the anger of the citizens to your advantage and distracting guards. Other abilities include enabling bodyguards who will attack any guards who detect you and having two Assassins disguised as redcoats escort you like a prisoner, allowing you to enter guarded zones without being detected. However,but once I figured it out, all was well.Overall Interesting, but3.5/5Unlocking zones unlocks keys to chests I could be wrong, but until then you need to pick the locks, which is a fun little thing to do if you arent in the heat of battle.though.4/5You explore the underground tunnels instead of just using them like in Rome as if you know where everything is before going there. Yet another fun little thing to do when youre not focusing on story, and it benefits you in the end.4/5Fun. Just fun. Im sure many people agree with that. Which is probably why the next game, Black Flag, was so successful. Howeverso be careful.Overall Fun4/5Also just plain fun. Can beOverall Fun3.5/5Overall Morallychallengingmindblowing4/5Personally, I found it quite amusing to send convoys of items I acquired/crafted in order to make money. Even when I didnt need money, it was still fun to me. However,4/5I like that some items must be crafted to be acquired. This makes it more challenging and less straightforward. You must gather resources, have the items recipe, and have the proper level craftsmen to make the item as opposed to simply checking what items are available at shops every time you finish a sequence. However,Overall Confusingchallenging, but it can be fun once you get it3.5/5 