This game is unpolished and boring! spoilers alert This review does not concern the story DLCs.It should be very clear that this game is unpolished to a point that the potential is ruined.Main missions are repetitive and boring, espeically those tailing missions and chasing missions. Chasing missions could be very frustrating too. Lets take the final Charles Lee chase mission as an example. You have to be very close to your target, but it is not very clear which route you should take, or which route the developer wanted you to take. Take a wrong one, you fail. Try to take a shortcut? You fail! I have tried five or six times before I finally had a correct guess.Side missions are even worse. Remember the break up the fight homestead mission?And oh, Desmonds first 2 missions are quite good compared to the Cornors missions.Combat system has been changed dramatically. Im netural toward the change, but as you counter every enemy reliably with your basic weapons, there is not much point in buying new weapons. The whole economics system becomes irrelevant for this reason. Hunting feels shallow. Naval combat feels fresh, but still need improvements. Free running system is dumbed down for the worse.For exploration. Most areas in the game are not worth exploring. Boston and NY are basically the same. Inside each city, buildings are very homogeneous. In previous AC games, in order to sync your view, you have to climb to the top of a landmark building, and while you are climbing, you have to sovle a mini puzzle, i.e., figuring out how to climb. All these are missing in AC3. All landmark buildings are identical, and climbing to the top is far too easy! In the frontier, you have to climb up some tall trees to sync your view. All those trees are absolutely identical! Exploration, a major charm of AC games, have been taken out.The only strong point is the story. Gone is the blackandwhite narrative in Ezios games. Reflections on the nature of Assassins order and Templar order are welldone. So is the game worth playing for the sake of the story? I think not. The poor designs of the missions will distract you from the story. It would be much better to watch a cutscenes compilation on youtube to enjoy the story.For AC fans, skip this one, go ahead and play AC 4! 