Wow, what an absoluteshow. This game had me saying really? to my computer more times than I care to admit. Follow the story of Constonanthell, the unrememberable dude who happens to have a terrible teenager attitude, daddy issues, a simultaneous unstoppable combat machine thanks unrealistic combos who also likes to walk strait into armed camps and allow himself to be taken prisoner. Why would he do this? What point does it serve? Well, after careful consideration I have found the only clear answer to these questions.Hes an idiot.As far as why the developers decided to make this happen I can only assume it was to draw the story out. Holy crap man, this game DRAGs out. I like a satisfying experience, I enjoy games which provide a long enjoyable story. But good God man, this game has more points which could have been the end than the extended cut of Lord of the Rings. Just let it end already.Here is an example of the typical play period of this gameWalk/run/parkor your way around a mess of colonial buildings and or trees. CUTSCENE. Combat. Walk/run/parkor to another place. CUTSCENE.You really start to begin to feel like your only role as the player is to be the guy who gets Constonanthell to his next cutscene. I kid you not, towards the end of the game there is a cutscene, followed by five seconds literally of player control moving down a corridor, CUTSCENE.Further, the PC controls for this game are so head upstupid that it actually takes both hands to keep Constonanthell moving at full speed. The lack of an autorun toggle is completely unforgiveable in a game that forces espcially in the early game so much manual running about in a boring and essentially useless countryside. So forget taking a swig off your beer, or digging into some doritos, because if you do, Ol Constonanthell is going to sit there, making no progress for you, patiently waiting for you to get your meat hooks back on both the keyboard and mouse so you can make him right mouse button run instead of W key saunter forth.That brings me to another thing, the completely ancillary crafting system which serves no partical purpose other than to show you neat and quasi useful things you COULD have, if only you had that ONE crafting helper, or some neublous ingredient seriously, you need rosewood to make a double holster? Are you freaking insane?. I was able to clear the ENTIRE game without any of the upgrades promised by the backwards crafting, and the only thing on there that was even remotely interesting to me were the aforementioned double holsters, which I found out you cant even get until over 3/4 of the way into the game, so why bother at that point?Another thing, I made it all the way through the game with no noteworthy difficulties other than Constonanthell deciding that CLEARLY the players intent was for him to catapult himself into the abyss, or to run directly through the super fire seriously there is a fire about the size of your typical dinner plate at one point in the story, and if you attempt to run through it, vault over it, or otherwise come into any contact with it, INSTANT DEATH. Honestly, why, WHY would the devs of a parkour game not make even a halfattempt to give the parkour some sort of logic so Constonanthell wouldnt do such insanely  things?To be strait, I was going to give this one a pass, but a friend of mine told me I should give it a go. Hes a good buddy and he even foot the bill on the game for me during the steam sale, and as far as that goes, that is the only time ANY amount of money should be spent on this game. Hell, it doesnt even properly update the Ubiunits for progressing the events of the story, and whoever came up with the idea of putting multiplayer into this franchise should be dragged out into the street and publicly kicked in the crotch.TLDR  Bad story, bad controls, unrememberable characters. How this has favorable reviews is something I cannot understand. Then again, Ive not played an Ubigame in the last decade that was worth the material it took to make the CD. 