Assassins Creed III is a game that could have been at least decent if there had been far, far less of it. Instead, it is a disaster area of a game, and really goes to show how more can be less.The core of Assassins Creed III is, ostensibly, being an assassin. You play as Connor, a halfwhite, halfNative American assassin who joins the revolution to protect his people. Except not really, because the Patriots dont really make any promises towards his people. Really, you play as Connor, who takes part in the Ameican Revolution because the plot says so, and because it makes for intesting mission setpieces.As Connor, you supposedly sneak around, parkouring through trees and over buildings and sneaking around or murdering guards en route to various assassination targets.Of course, in actuality, judging by gameplay time, Assassins Creed III is a game about running around in the woods gathering feathers and crafting items whih have no actual value whatsoever.Assasssins Creed III is quite large  there are two fairly large cities, plus a Frontier area which is several virtual miles across, and a homestead area which is fairly large as well.And yet, these environments leave me wondering why theyre even there. Theyre EMPTY. Most of the frontier is just trees, rocks, and hills, with very little of interest there there are animals wandering around, but thats a bad joke the animals themselves are just a tedious distraction. There are a smattering of collectables scattered around, but they still often arent within  hundred yards of each other, and almost all of them feel like they were just stuck into the environment to extend playtime  indeed, the almanacs never result in you talking to Benjamin Franklin again to turn them in, while the feather collection sidequest is completely arbitrary and has ZERO actual payoff ingame  you arbitrarily unlock an outfit and thats it.There are fixed sidequests which feel like they might as well have been procedurally generated for all the story involved in them. There is hunting of animals, and trading of skins via caravans  which is an extremely tedious process with a terrible UI which bears no real purpose beyond generating vast amounts of money you dont need. Theres a crafting system which is driven entirely by completing sidequests with the NPCs in your homestead, and which could have just had the NPCs grant you the results after you completed the quests, without the tedious system involved.Joining you on your feather collection duties are six assassins. Unlike in previous entries in the AC series, your assassin recruits actually have individual personalities, and you can chat with them a bit and get to know them a little. This is a huge step up. Too bad that, unlike in the previous games, you dont get a capstone quest from any of them, so after you recruit them, they might as well not exist as things you interact with.Oh, and you cant use them at all in the huge wilderness area for no apparent reason.You can level them up via a menubased sidequest system which simply serves to divert more of your time away from actually being an assassin. It probably has some effect, but I could never really tell, and while they were useful, they were often unavailable when theyd be most useful.Theres just so much garbage in this game, and the game pretends like it is important, but ultimately, it is just there to make the game much longer than it should be  vastly so. Id say you probably spend maybe 20 of your play time on the actual main storyline.The main storyline is a mess plotwise you keep skipping between various major historical events, but the protagonist, Connor, is a onedimensional angerdriven character on a quest for revenge. Except that by the end of it, you, the player, are left wondering why Connor even cares anymore, as it isnt even clear if your primary target is even responsible for the thing you are ostensibly angry about. The various historical figures flit in and out of the narrative, never sticking around for long enough to care about them. The only character you can really care about is the first mate of your ship and Haytham, the first protagonist in the game who later on becomes an antivillain, and who may be more of a hero than the actual protagonist is.The game is meant to try and highlight some moral ambiguity, but it is undermined when the protagonist, who often seems to act as a mouthpiece for how morally ambiguous it all is, does exactly the things he es about other people doing and doesnt even seem to acknowledge that fact  nor does the game.The actual historical figures generally get short shrift as well  George Washington and Samuel Adams only show up for a few sequences each, and it is hard to feel like Connor is connected to either of them in any real sense, which means that when he gets angry at them, it is hard for the player to care, either.The only really good thing about this game are the actual setpieces. Once you get out of the ridiculously long tutorial and into the meat of the game, the setpiece battles are actually fairly neat and varied. Your tasks in these battles are reasonably interesting, and your work in helping the Patriots win the revolution is varied enough to keep interesting. While some of the alternative 100 completion objectives are more than a little wonky,The game also has about 20 or so ship missions where you pilot a large sailing ship through various battles. These are reasonably fun, and vary between short, punchy missions and longer battles which are a bit more intense. These are not terribly hard, but they are mostly pretty enjoyable, and serve to break up the runaroundandstabpeople gameplay further.Unfortunately, almost all of your time with the game is likely to be consumed doing things other than these things, and the game seems to encourage you to do so. And alas, the plot itself is a mess, so you pretty much have to appreciate things for the moment, rather than how they fit into Connors story.There is an overarching modernday story as well which at least ostensibly completes the arc for Desmond from the previous games. Alas, the cool conspiracy theory stuff from AC2 is gone it is really just two generic sides fighting against each other, and you only play three missions in the present, and while theyre okay, theyre nothing really special. Some of the modernday sequences are the best in the game, and at least the modern day story mostly makes sense and has characters with decent voice actors who actually seem to have personalities, but in the end there isnt enough focus there for it to really carry the game.One final note the game itself is surprisingly buggy. I fell through the ground at least a few times, enemies sometimes spawned inside objects, some of the alternate mission objectives felt luckbased, and sometimes your secondary pistol would disappear randomly and not be able to be used until you visited a general store and swapped weapons.All in all, I cant recommend Assassins Creed III. It is mostly tedious t. 