Assassins Creed IIIWhat a disappointment. This game wasnt nearly as satisfying as its immediate predecessors and was riddled with lots of annoying redundant tasks. I never did any of the hunting, caravaning, crafting, or any of that nonsense. At least in the AC2 trilogy every side mission also helped forward the story somewhat and kept the ball rolling on the overall story.In AC3 there was just too much stuff to do that had nothing to do with the story at all. Its really easy to get caught up running about picking up all the useless crap strewn around thats not releveant to anything. What story? It starts out totally different from how it ends, and in some places it felt cobbled together. It wasnt really that bad but seemed like Ive heard it before somewhere. I guess I kinda knew what was gonna happen before it happened. Theres a few twists here and there that make the story more interesting and I particularly liked how the story shifted from how the game started. I dont remember exactly when I said screw this and just focused on the story missions only just to get through the game faster. I was disappointed with how short the story was, but it ramped up from about the halfway point and got pretty badass towards the end. I thought the VERY end was really intense for a few scenes. A lot happens and I wont give any spoilers.There were a few neat new mechanics occasionally thrown in here and there but not really something that would warrant playing this game again. I wasnt blown away with the combat since it was really easy to parry and counter and barely took any skill. Although some of the executions were pretty damn awesome. If 2 guards attack at the same time and you get a parry on both at just the right time, theres some sick almost QTE like double and triple executions that are pretty cool.The voice acting in AC games is always really good so at least theres that. I didnt need all the Native American dialogue but it made the characters more authentic. I guess I just dont like reading subs that much.In closing, Id say if you play ONLY the story missions and dont waste your time with other stuff the game is worth playing. Rather the story is worth following along. Its short and could be beat in 34 hours tops.Assassins Creed III 4.774 