After playing the previous Assassins Creed games, Assassins Creed III is a disappointment for me. That being said, my feelings are in no way to deter anyone from playing the game. There a few things that make this game stellar and more things that make it rather lacklusterProsAmazing graphics, with beautiful scenery and new! changing weatherLikable characters, although lacking in developmentEven more possibilities in battle and free roamingTons of stuff to doHistorically accurate most of the timeConsGlitches everywhere. Aside from falling through the floor a couple times, they didnt really ruin the game, but invisible Benjamin Franklin was rather disconcerting.Plot inconsistencies and strange pacing. I wont spoil anything, but if you actually look at some of the situations logically,  make little to no sense. Sometimes the characters do things completely contradictory to their personalities. As a person who essentially played this game for the plot, it was rather disappointing.Tutorial spends too much time on plot and not enough on actually explaining Stores are a little bit difficult to find in the beginning and the game spends little time describing what can be upgraded, discovered, etc. I didnt even recruit any Assassins because it was too much trouble. And they just briefly describe how to manage the homestead and the like.Several nearly impossible sync missions. While the previous games have had difficult quests to get 100 sync, some of them in this game are near impossible due to glitches or bad programming. One asked for an air assassination in a place where there was nowhere to air assassinate from. The quests themselves sometimes had rather disappointing glitches or problems that were overlooked. There was a one quest with a follower that was strangely prone to being shoved into the water by civilians.TossupBattle mechanics. Theyve become harder, which is not a bad thing in and of itself. The problem lies in that sometimes the mechanics are glitchy and lead to some strange situations like enemies clipping through walls. In one instance, I threw a redcoat down the well, but he didnt die and so he kept trying to kill me from below. Harmless, but rather annoying.Good guys vs. Bad guys. Ubisoft said they didnt want to villainize one side over the other. Instead, AC3 villainizes several historical figures, like good ol George Washington. Nothing wrong with that, so long as its historically accurate. The problem is that although the head of the Patriots may not be a good guy, the Patriots are clearly favored. Although its supposed to be Assassins versus Templars, it ends up looking more like America versus Great Britain. The game developers claim this was not the case, but after playing through the game and seeing how almost all of the targets were British or Loyalists, its kinda hard to say the game doesnt favor the victors. Some people might not find issue with it, but I found it rather annoying since it seemed like the game developer did a real halfjob on trying to emphasize this point.TLDR Play this game if you want a conclusion to the first four games. Unfortunately, it has quite a few problems and glitches that take away from the overall enjoyment of the game. If you can overlook the aforementioned cons, then you ought to have a great time. Expect to invest a lot of time to enjoy this thoroughly.