Assassins all the way, ever since the first one. But this is probably the worst in the series.This is the second time around I try to get through this game, and its every bit as tedious as it was the first time around.It was superb when Brotherhood and Revelations introduced allies you could use in combat, but here theyre all morons apparently. Get the first ally, the chefguy ? He has no experience, so gets incapacitated in combat before he manages to be useful. Send him on mission, through clunky, uninformative Assassin Guild interface ? 80 chance, fails. No experience. Get additional allies for mission to increase success ? How ? No idea, the game doesnt mention it.Theres only some semiindicative things on the map in the cities. Ok, try to clear some of those Liberation missions  just spent 20 minutes killing people, hoping to acquire another assassin recruit  only to get gold on completion. Hm. Do some other assassinsymbol mission stuff  get to be escorted by two allies in disguise  have to walk onboard a ship, they drop in the water and die. Stealth goes out the window. Could still just walk through the guards, in the restricted areazone, and kill the target in front of twenty enemies. Huh. And the escortthing is apparently some ability you can use assassin recruits for.. IF YOU HAD ANY.Anyway, completed, get the assassin recruit guy, yay! But.. But why cant I use them now ? Oh, cant access recruits outside the city... But I am literally standing in the city, in the zone where I met him. HE WAS JUST, HERE. Until of course he drowned, randomly. Hmm.. Maybe theres a timerlike thingy indicating when hell be available again ? Nope. Okay.. Assasssin Guild interface... Nope, him AND chefguy, unavailable. Okay. One more gripe, why does the guild interface show the missions already completed ? They cant be done again, so theyre just timewasting selections you have to go through, whenever you want to start a new mission if it ever becomes accessible again, who knows.Some people might find the earlier games to be easier, and I agree. But they were also more approachable, I find, compared to this. I want to love this game as much as the rest, but every step of the way its tiringly cumbersome.The giant sandboxy world is given credit by some, but I just find I spend way more time running and trying to get to the missions or places I need to be, whereas the other games in the series, it felt more like justontheedgeoftoolong travel time, but still enjoyable. Also the traversing the world part of it was.. nimble, whereas in this one, half the times the controls are getting in the way. Want to run through some fancy getaway spot ? Nope, lean up against the wall, all stealthylike whilst ten enemies are readying to fire at you. Oh you wanted to run PAST the barrel/shopstand ? No, dive onto it, owling, just to pass more time! Yey!And the combat.. At one point, I was running, without any notoriety/wantedlevel nonsense. Apparently that was enough, because as I ran past some guards, they decided to engage and pursue. No reason why. Must be hell being a courier. Okay, run for some ten minutes, cant get away. Fine, well just fight. And fight. And fight. Half the time, the statusindicator above the head just vanishes. Manage to kill ten enemies, more just come running. And more. And more. Decide to run again and finally get out of sight, enter one of those printershops to remove the wanted level, tedious cutscene entering the building... CANT TALK TO THE PRINTER GUY. Hes just standing around.Theres also some homesteadstuff where you can gather people and they craft stuff and you can.. trade it for money, or something. Okay.. Craft a wagon.. Instead of buying one, for some reason. Spend some time with the finickyinterface to get a convoy going.. It says itll make 40 money on completion. If its succesful, because it can be attacked and lost. 40. Killing 23 guards makes that same amount. INSTANTLY. PICKPOCKETING CIVILIANS, DOES THE SAME. What in the name of George Crushington was the purpose of the convoys ? Might come later in the game, though everything seems to be a letdown, time and time again, as I get further into the game.Theres also some customization available. You can purchase a few differentcolored variations of the Assassin outfit worn. But itll be the standard tomahawkywhite one in cutscenes.. Feels like that wouldnt be too hard to manage, that the colour in the cutscenes stay the same as the worn ones, since its ingame. Oh well. Theres also weapons to purchase, though.. Ive no idea why youd do that, since their statistics, although displayed in the shop interface, dont really seem to do... anything in combat. Same moves, same speed.. What, is, the, point. Just dont get it. Another area the game doesnt present any information on.And its a shame, so much potential gone to waste. Of course theres plenty of the nowstandard Ubisoft game bugs as well.Would recommend Rogue, Revelations, Black Flag or Brotherhood instead, in that order, by a gazillion nautical miles. 