I overall enjoyed AC3. And contrary to whay many people say, UPLAY is not a big hassle once you understand how to use it. The game is the same overalll experience as the other asssins creed games. But a little better. The fighting has been overall much better and well refined, and the animations are overall smooth. Whenever you finish off an enemy, you get to see a satisfying finishing animation which is a lot beeter than the previous ones where the enimies that you killed just dropped dead when you finish them. If you are used to playing on a controller for AC, there should be little problems as you transition to a keyboard and mouse, as the devs have mapped put the controls well. The only problems I had with the gameplay was the inconsistant climbing. There would be many times where i wanted to climb onto a building, but instead only could jump off a wall and into the nearest haystack. Assassins creeds presentation has amazed me one again with its amazing graphics. The world is beautiful, and it is your playground. There is a lot of detail in the world of AC3. For example, you will have trouble traversing deep snow. In the city, you got city vendors and the citizens all doing their own unique actions! Textures for trees and the water in the oceans are well put together as they look like the real thing. However, the draw distances are not very far. So if you look at stuff from a distance away, the textures will fall flat. It is also worth noting that character models look very weird in this game. If you look at them, what is supposed to look like skin and hair, just looks like flat drawn out textures. To play this game, it will require a very moderatly good gaming rig. While my computer specs may not seem top of the line, they were still good enough to handle the game check out my specs on my profile description. The frame rate in this game is consistant and only drops when in populated areas of the city. Outside of the city, frame rate holds steady at a good 30fps for me, so it is should be noted that if your rig can handle the city at the beginning of the game, it should well be able to handle the big country side, no matter how much weather effects there may be.While AC3 may not be the best edition to the series, it is a well put together game and well worth the money you pay for it. If you are a fan of the AC series, this is a must have edition! 