For me personally Assassins Creed III was a huge disappointment. The game starts off way too slow. It will take several sequences and, therefore, hours before youre actually able to freely move around. Add to that the uninspiring, sometimes frustrating and confusing missions, the boring, often cold and colorless setting in which the game takes place, the cumbersome way to fast travel, the gamebreaking glitches and bugs and there you have AC3. I can forgive the game for the smaller glitches and bugs, sure, because, lets face it, its still a gigantic game world with lots of activity. But I just cant forgive them for the other mistakes, especially since 100 people have been working on this game for at least 3 years straight.And now that the entire story has been told, its time Ubisoft took the franchise in a different direction. It doesnt have to be groundbreaking, and theres no need to change genres, but at least come up with some creative and innovative things for your next AC games. Im not talking about side activities here, theres plenty of that.Lets make the whole thing exciting again. Dont milk it like certain other franchises guess thats a bit late since this is, like what, the 7th game or so ?.Well now, on to the good stuff. Yes, AC3 uses a new engine and it shows. Its pretty good. The environments look nicely detailed, as well as most of the characters. Some of the citizens and less important characters still have that low poly look though so its not all great. Overall, despite the sometimes poor performance, the game runs and looks very well and I can only see it get better with future releases.Theres more hunting is a cool new feature that fits well in this games theme. You could do nothing but hunt for hours and youd still have fun. Hey, what do you know I finally have something positive to say.Naval battles are also a great addition to the game. Granted, I didnt think they fit the theme that well, since your playing a Native American and all have you ever seen one steering a ship ?, but they were fun to play and thats whats most important.Despite my ranting there were still times that I enjoyed playing this game, but ever since the brilliant Brotherhood Im growing more and more tired of it with every new game they release.If I had to score this game right now it would have to be a 7,5. Judge for yourself if you can.Rating 75/100 