Assassins Creed III is an actionadventure stealth game with open world environment from Ubisoft and also the next instalment of the Assassins Creed series. Assassins Creed III is a sequel to the previous game Assassins Creed Revelations.Desmond has regained his conscious and is now back in action. Desmond, Rebecca, Shaun and now his father, have traveled to the Grand Temple of Those Who Came Before, an ancient race of powerful beings who created humankind before a global calamity thousands of years before the events of the game made them almost extinct and ravaged the Earth. There, Desmond needs to uncover how to open the secrets in the temple, but on his arrival, Desmond then falls into a fugue state, to which Desmond is returned to the Animus and bleeds back to Haytham Kenway.Assassins Creed III has many major overhaul on the gameplay, some might think this good, some will not. The setting now takes place in the 18th century, in the North American continent, on the city of Boston, New York and the frontiers of America. This mean, we can expect less building to be climbed but instead replaced with tree running and jumping, somehow like Tarzan. This style of gameplay can offer a new way to play Assassins Creed. The game also feature many mini games and animal hunting, a new way to earn some money in the game. The combat system are also improved here, some may find this easier or harder but it makes the combat feels more epic. Stealth have been completely overhauled with new features, such as doublecounters, multiple takedowns, and chain kills. New heavy weapons type also present, the musket rifle, you can use it in melee combat with its attached bayonets or just fire it. And when the enemies are about to fire at you with rifle or pistol, you can use a human shield to protect yourself. The best part of the new gameplay is naval combat. Its so epic. You command your own ship and crew, and engage in many naval battles including the battle that involves the American and British navy. Assassins recruit are different in this game, its harder for you to recruit Assassins as the only way to do that is doing liberation missions. There are still many feature of the game that yet you can try.Graphics then. I must say, the game has far better graphics, textures, effects and better animation which make movement feels so smooth. The effects are also incredible. Assassins Creed III does has better and improved graphics. The downside is the blinding white loading screen. Seriously they can use blue or maybe grey but white? It burns your eye when the game is loading a map, level or save games. Some minor graphics glitch also still present in the game. Despite that, the game runs optimized for me.Multiplayer has also been expanded in this sequel. New gamemodes where you have to work together to assassinate a target has been added. But Ubisoft seems to have decided to add a microtransactions in the multiplayer. That can be good or bad. But seriously the game is expensive already.Overall, Assassins Creed III has better gameplay and graphics, the naval combat are the most epic part of the game. But the story isnt that interesting. Maybe because the main characters, Ratonhnhakton or by his family name, Connor Kenway is just boring. Compared to Ezio and Altar, Connor is just plain I think. Other than that, this game is good.Rating 7/10 