The most boring of all the Assassins Creed games and that is just one if not the biggest reason why I do not recommend it. I will start with the ProsPros Its a great learning experience about the history of before,during,and after the Revolutionary War. Read newspapers, hear town criers talk and complain to the people about the bad things the british are doing, and reading the wealth of information about all the prominent figures during the Revolutionary War is fun to do IF youre into that sort of thing. The climbing and combat system is much better than the previous Assassins Creed games except for a couple things that I will point out in the cons. The story is the best so far but I do agree with everyone else that the game is VERY SLOW in the beginning stage. The game doesnt seem to give you freedom as an assassin until halfway through the game which is just mind boggling. The ship combat is fun and is what motivated Ubisoft to make what I think is the best Assassins Creed game Black Flag, so I just had to put that as a Pro.Cons Graphical anomalies and character pop ins EVERYWHERE. You can see every single character pop into the game when youre riding a horse in the city. Breaks immersion. The game does not perform well if the game is over 60fps so you have to manually downgrade the game to 60 to make the game work correctly. There is no resolution modifier in game which is just baffling and you have to manually change the resolution through a config file. There is no vsync. The game is just extremely boring to begin with, especially when compared to Assassins Creed 2. There are collectibles, but you get rewarded nothing until you find them all in the game, which is just an unessesary grind. Remember the feathers in AC2 where each one you collected gave you a very little upgrade in money for your homestead? THAT is a collectible. There are side missions, but you gain little reward for doing them compared to previous entries and your noteriety goes up during most of them which is a pain in the After about 60 hours playing through this game it seems that 80 of the games map you never explore or dont want to explore since there is nothing to do in them. The UI and the controls for this game is trash, calling for assassins is a chore, having to pause the game and tell your assassins what to do instead of in the previous games where you just have to press a button and POOF heres comes your badass assassins. In this game the simpliest things are destroyed by the trash UI system. Calling for assassins, upgrading your homestead, trading using your homestead, trading with traders, and even using your map and setting markers is a chore on PC using PC controls. You can hunt and gather supplies for your homestead which you can upgrade, but compared to previous ACs it is much more confusing using this system and you get very little reward for doing them which makes you never want to play it. In Assassins Creed 2 you get an understandable amount of money for upgrading shops and whatnot. But in AC3 you get 20 bucks for doing trading missions to upgrade your homestead, and most good weapons in this game cost over 5000 dollars. Completely pointless system. So fast travlling to my homestead, understanding the confusing system, going through the crappy UI controls, just to get 2050 dollars? No thanks, ill pass upgrading my homestead. Though the combat is more refined, there is one thing that doesnt make sense and that is the enemies are pretty much invincible until you combo kill them, they do not have health bars like in ALL PREVIOUS AC TITLES. This means that if you keep hitting enemies 1 or 2 times each you will never be able to kill anyone since it seems that enemies can only be killed if you hit them X times in a row or if you counter kill them. I have tested this numerous times where I would see a lone enemy and then just hit him once or twice then block, and he would never die, I would hit him a total of 30 times, and he would just keep fighting like nothing ever happens. Really dumb, especially when you want to keep all your enemies on your toes by fighting each one a little bit so they dont creep up on you and grab you, stab you in the back etc. The noteriety system is ridiculous in this game, this game gets REALLY HARD if you have noteriety. Running away from enemies is much more of a time waste then it used to be. If you did a dirty deed and an enemy sees you, you would usually run away and run 100 or 200 meters then hid in a haystack ro whatnot. But if there are enemies 23 blocks away they will instantly know who you are and start chasing you even though they never witnessed what you did in the first place. This makes running and hiding extremely tedious and time consuming, again, unlike the previous AC titles. I never do any of the side missions like killing all of the people taxing the patriots just because I hate having high noteriety because its annoying so I never want to do any of the side missions. There are many things you can do and use and the game BARELY tells you about them. Halfway through my first playthrough I didnt know you could fast travel. I didnt know until recently that the tunnels gave you fast travel points if you explore them. Didnt know there was a Horse whistle until recently. Didnt know there was Trip mines in the game. The game really sucks at telling you everything you can do in the game.I would only recommend this game for two reasons. 1. If you never played any assassins creed games before you might like it. But this game is such a downgrade from the previous titles in every way possible. 2. If you are into the Assassins creed story and want to know the games lore then you have to play through this game since the ending which i didnt appreciate is very important in the AC universe. If you dont care for both of those things then just go play Black Flag or AC2, games which are better in every single avenue compared to this game. 