Overall I enjoyed it it often gets a mixed review over storyline but apart from a repetitive ending gameplay wise I found it enjoyable. Heard some complaints about Connors attitude/ naivety but theres something about him entering a world so alien to his own that means that although he sometimes acts and sounds like a child, its passionate, and some of his dialogue especially when he threatens or acts cocky is so well done. Combat is enjoyable and arguably unique with a lot of toys to play with, tough until you realise each enemy has a certain counter that never works and one that always works, but still fun to get those counter kills. You can just counter your way through basic soldiers, but with a mix its fun to play around to tackle each individual one. Side missions are basic, offering 3x of a task but thats more for your own enjoyment at sticking it to the British than anything else. And thats coming from a Brit. Didnt try the brawlers club or anything like the thieves/ s/ mercenaries of 2 and BHood and Revelations.My main gripe is the inconsistency with certain aspects. Depending on where you are in the game, sometimes in missions particularly enemy awareness is yanked up to overdrive. I had one particular moment when hiding behind cover I saw 4 guards facing the opposite way in a line, so I left cover to walk behind them. Should be easy. They saw me instantly. Yet outside of missions you can do what you always do in previous games and walk up to a guard slowly, subtly assassinate, and leave with his friends none the wiser. Another mission required an air assassination of a target alongside remaining undetected, yet despite air assassinating the dude a good 20 metres away from others, behind two big pillars of boxes, with the other two not even being scripted on looking at you and were completely engrossed in something else, they find you INSTANTLY. Theres also a mission that requires no kills for full synch, but if you assassinate with fists it counts as knocking them out or something. Try that in any other mission that requires you stay under a kill count, and itll still notch up. Its just in that first mission that because you cant actually beat it without taking out one guard, they let you off  elsewhere its not so easy, and I dont know why. Either make unarmed assassination not a kill, or remove the need for knocking someone unconcious in the first place as you cant beat it without knocking one dude out. Some of the full synchronisation things were a pain see above but some were enjoyable, and worth doing. To the less stubborn of you Id say try it 34 times, if it doesnt happen just give up because itll only make you angry.Storyline was enjoyable, if a bit predictable like AC1. Work your way through the Templars until you win. Ship warfare is a blast though, literally. Big plot twist early on that WAS thoroughly enjoyable, and some of the smaller missions about the Revolutionary War, as well as voice acting both by named characters and general enemies being fantastic, and animation, graphics and the history provided by Shaun being really amazing. As far as characters go, without spoilering Id say perspective is EVERYTHING. I hated the villains and wanted them dead as much as the antagonist did, which is such a twist from earlier chapters. Desmonds storyline was a bit dull and forgettable, and I genuinely think I missed a bit because I swear a character appeared who everyone knew but I dont remember being mentioned at all in earlier games. It did finish the story all off I suppose, even if it was a bit frustrating and weak. Ive not played anything after so I dont know how the story progresses, but I hope it goes well.Good at rambling but basically good PC port, doesnt ask too much of your settings. General storyline was great from the second half, meh to decent at first. Even at full price I would say its worth it, but if you can get it for 2530 off thats even better. Its different but worth including in your library  just find something to do during the credits. Over 20 minutes long, UNSKIPPABLE unless you dramatically turn your PC off. Theres a couple of nice cutscenes to wrap things up, and then an intro to multiplayer and bonus stuff for replay value, but once youve done the storyline theres not much to do apart from collectibles and side missions. Try it for yourself, it has its flaws but every AC does  overall still a strong contender in the series.