The first time I ever encountered this game was when a friend brought it over and I thought it was the worst thing ever. The prologue was too long for me, the tree parkour was gimmicky, etc.Oh was I wrong.PROSExcellent narrative. As usual in the Assassins Creed series the story is outstanding with many twists and turns that leave the player interested. I think the modern day story was a little outthere in Assassins Creed 3, but hey, you dont have to play much outside of the Animus.Different ancestor. I think that having a Native American protagonist was really interesting, and added a lot to the story. Conflicts were coming from not just the Templars and Assassins, but now there is a fatherson conflict, as well as a nativesettler conflict.Character development. Maybe Im getting TOO indepth here, but it is a strong point of a fantastic story. Connor grows very noticably as a character as he discovers new things about the Assassins and what is happening to his tribe.Beautiful Setting. 1770s Boston the American Revolution in general, as you travel to other places like New York as well was believably rendered in AC3. People are getting shaken down in the streets by tax collectors, redcoats are constantly patrolling the streets, and there are many historical figures to interact with Ben Franklin, Samuel Adams, etc..New Mechanics. Tree parkour is not the gimmick I thought it was, and is actual very cool in the frontier missions, as well as hunting. There are also new tools like rope darts I didnt get to use them much because I never stopped playing story missions to make the money for them which add new takedowns if youre looking for a stealthier approach.CONSCounter killing is no longer your goto strategy. If youre anything like me, you probably skated through combat in every other AC game by using counter kills and executechains. New enemies such as Hessians, Grenadiers, and officers will not accept your lazy combat, and will counter your counter. You now have to disarm them first and then attack them.Not as many weapons as previous games. Heavy weapons, swords, small weapons, those sorts of things dpnt have as much variety as Id like them too, and found myself running out of new ones around Sequence 7.Frontier town. You can recruit people to live in your little town per se. They can do some helpful things like craft double pistol holsters, but I generally found it cumbersome to go the the general store theres also one in the estate I think and go through the crafting menu and try new recipes and make stupid stuff like barrels and then ship them on trade routes., but I personally did not.TLDRAssassins Creed 3 is an incredible addition to the series story wise, and has really enjoyable gameplay. Despite a few minor personal dislikes, the game was very enjoyable.9/10FINAL THOUGHTSPretty much all of the cons were personal things I didnt like about the game. I never experienced any bugs, uPlay never gave me any trouble, and I played with a controller so there were no control problems. This is probably my personal favorite in the series and I put probably 1015 hours in the first time I opened the game.