Wow. I am really trying to finish this game, if only to find out if it is actually possible to die from boredom.This is the worst Assassins Creed game to date. Ive had more fun in the first five minutes of Black Flag or Revelations than I have had in the first few hours of this game.Avoid this steaming dung pile if it is your first Assassins Creed game. It will ruin the franchise for you.Post finish update.Well I finished it, and can say it is not possible to die of boredom.Which is a good thing seeing thats what this game is in a nutshell.I even started the post game pivot points hunt, until I realised, why bother. Sure it unlocks cheats, but if turned on, most of them causes your game to reset when you disable them.So I played one round of bowls with George Washington then kissed the main game goodbye. If by kiss you mean the raising of ones middle fingerSPOILERS this paragraph onlyThe game insulted me many times but the best insult was after I chased down Charles Lee. Connor was massivly injured, and I made my way to the frontier, as you may know, you cant run or fight at this point. However, as Im dragging Connors broken body towards the inn a notification pops up telling me to attack a convoy! It then tells me the convoy is leaving, followed by a failure to attack said convoy notification. I laughed so hard at this, but not in a good way, in the kind of a way that said, You, Ubisoft should never be allowed to forget how bad this stink heap of a notgame your brand name is attached to, and that every person who appears in the 20 min of credits should hand write an apology to anyone who owns a copy of this...thing.Then I tried the DLC game, the Tyranny of King George blah blah whatever.The most amazing thing about this DLC is that I actually had more fun in the first 15 minutes of this than the whole of the main game. Sad really.This was not to last however as I saw that everyone who was noble and good in the main game was now a baddie, and the full sync requirements are even harder. Luckily, the whole story is all just a piece of eden created dream. Which is more than I can say for it.So, after nearly uninstalling Assassins Creed 3 after the hideous mini game of breaking up the wood mill workers fight, or after being eaten by those wolves at Kidds treasure Island for the hundreth time before I used trip mines on the buggers!, or trying, trying and trying again to tackle that officer from above but never succeeding although I did keep leaping onto his mates for some reason. Instead it was here, after the main game, but only a bit into the DLC I realised Ive had enough of a game that isnt actually fun. In fact, after I clicked uninstall I realised how much more fun it was doing that than 90 of Assassins Creed 3. I should get an achivement for that!My verdict is, watch this as a playthrough on Youtube. If you really need to.Then play Black Flag.