TLDR at the bottomI think the best way to review this game is to breifly touch on the other series and how I felt about them. I played through AC2 ACB and ACR. By the time I got to ACR it felt like a chore, like homework, like pulling teeth to finish the game. It felt like recycled content, sure it was a different place, different story, but it really felt like a heres a third game to wrap it, its literally just tying loose ends kinda game.So when a friend gifted me AC3 I was a little excited, and a little nervous. This game got mixed reviews, and I was still feeling the pressing boredom of ACR invading my every AC related thought, despite it being a year or two since my last AC adventure.Im happy to say, this game is a refreshing experience. Its not as game changing as, say, AC2 to AC1, but there are alot of changes to gameplay that make the game refreshing.First and foremost, I love history, and wandering around colonial America was really stroking my nerddom. You get to meet Franklin, and other important colonial figures. The setting is awesome. You can wander two major cities, and explore the frontier and there is tons to do.The story is pretty good also, you get to play as a Native American assassin, participating in many key battles in history, helping the americans gain independence. You grow to care about the charecter, even if he is more bland than Ezio and care about his story.The combat is by and large the same as the previous renditions of ACs, however enemies seem to be slightly tougher than before, sometimes countering your gaurd break or smashing through your counter. They arnt hard to kill, but its fair to say that they are harder than previous AC enemies.Did I mention theres tons of stuff to do? You can sail, which I found slightly clunky, but a ton of fun. You can upgrade your ship, board ships, assault forts from the sea. The best part is that its not even mandetory save for a quest or two. You can either ignore it completely or do the mulitple sailing sidequests.In addition to sailing, you can upgrade your base area, which often leads to quests that are more interesting than the main quest. You can hunt, you can brawl, you can trade for furs, craft. There is ALOT of content in this game.Desmonds stuff is pretty brief, but actually interested me enough to do the optional stuff with him. His story wraps up in this game, and although the desmond part of AC is often a lowlight, I was pretty enthralled by his part in this game.Now for the Negative aspectsThe main charecter is interesting, but his voice actor and his facial expressions make his personality fall flat youl know what I mean if you play the game to completion. He seems to lack emotions other than anger. While not a huge deal, as I find him interesting, his flat personality can sometimes ruin good moments in the game.Scaling walls and some missions are largely left unchanged. Tailing missions are still present, although I dont really mind them and scaling down walls is still awful. Latching onto walls as you run past them while chasing or just trying to get to your destination faster are still a problem.This game is fantastic. Its hard to say which is my favourite AC now, but I think 3 might just be awesome enough to take first place. This game which I have seen as low as 10 on steam will give you AT LEAST 15 hours of gameplay. 30 if you do some side quests, which is well worth the cost. It gives alot of background on history albeit warped to integrate your charecter and pays great attention to detail See painting in my screenshot section.TLDRThis game is great, buy it. Hours of fun. If you like AC, buy it. If you like history, buy it. If you didnt like the previous iterations of AC, the changes brought into this game while are not significanly gamechanging, vary the gameplay enough to make it worth giving the series another shot.Buy it. 