This games is actually amazing, and unappreciated. I once played this game when it came out and throughly enjoyed it.The story in this game is also very enjoyable one. it takes time to start up but once you get past all the crap the story then starts to take off. The game takes place during the American Revolution and is about a half Native American, have british Assassin named Connor Kenway. Connor is a very strict and disciplined assassins. He is a lot more serious than previous assassins, which can make him less relatable or likeable, but is overall an enjoyable assassin who is constantly in worse and worse situations.The game also has optional objectives during missions to add more replayablity to game, and gives the player more to do.The game has an amazing open world, you can do things from Hunting Naval Warfare, Capturing Bases. You can also do things in side missions like recruiting assassins,and a series of  missions based on the homestead and so much more. Theyre also a series collectibles to gather that involve feathers, peglegs trinkets that also leads to its own series of side missions, and almanac pages.Even though the game is rather impressive, it struggles to provide an interesting way to navigate its environment in the city.This is because in this game you navigate the city through parkour or free running, which means that you will be spending most of your time on the rooftops atleast in previous AC games. With this game you will be finding yourself running in the streets like a commoner instead of the other option, due to the fact that theyre an unnecessary amount of gurads on the building, grouping ion 3sor 2s and also spawn way more often than in previous AC games.The buildings in the game are also very spaced out, this makes it so if you do decide to take the rooftopsthat you will constantly falling to the ground before reaching your objective. This can really make the game boring while running from Point A to Point B .You will most likely be using the option of taking the streets or riding your horse.The game also introduces a new playing field which is calledThe Frontier. This area in the game is the biggest map in the game and with this area introduces a new form of free running, now giving you the ability to parkour in trees. This adds a fun new way for the player to roam this new open environment unlike parkour in the city.Overall this game is amazing. It does an amazing job of providing you with an amazing story with have lots of replayablity , a huge variety of side missions and collectibles, and a new fun way to navigate forest in the game.On the other hand they made navigating the city boring, due to too many roof patrols, and spaced out buildings. Not only that but also suffering from a character that is hard to relate to.Even with these faults it is still an amazing game and I definitely should buy.P.S. The game is 3 years ing old and I am trying to get the badge for reviewing on steam. The only reason it is an essay is because I dont halfthis V4P3 N4T10N 4 L1F3 