Problems with the 21st century common entertainment.So, most of us watched the Oscars and thought about the new movies.Whenever I see a modern movie, I make a facepalm about how bad the acting is. Maybe the acting is good, but its covered.By things such as the overusement of CGI effects, and placing effects over drama. Now, lets take Call of Duty Black Ops III, or many others like Assassins Creed Syndicate, Assassins Creed Unity, Farcry 4, Farcry Primal and many more.These games have a good story, eh?Its overused, the computer hardware that can support the overripped quality is worth 500 each, bottoms. The stories are getting worse and worse. The multiplayer is getting a worser and worser, but thats the communitys problem.The movies lost its former beauty, they are simply a shadow of their former selves.The CGI effects are too overused, squattled and spammed like eggs.Lets take StarWars as a sample.StarWars IV was simply... Perfect...Such as its sequels.The prequels were using TOO MUCH CGI.I still havent watched TFA. But I probably will be throwing a facepalm every minute, no?One of the last good games was AC III back in 2012, it had a good story, but the ending was confusing as , and when I finnaly figured it out, I was mortally dissapointed.What about BF3? SpoilersEntire BF3 campaign in a nutshellYou start in a train, bang bang, yadda yadda, bang bang. You randomly go in Iraq, bang, bang, yadda, yadda, bang, bang, bang. Random earth quake!!! You wake up in the middle of random ruins from a random building, you see enemies, go sneakybeaky and again bang, bang, bang, yadda, yadda, yadda, bang, bang. You randomly switch your soul with a pilot after escaping the random Iraqian ruins. Bang, bang, bang, boom, boom, yadda, yadda, bang, boom. You go in a city now, bang, bang, bang, yadda, yadda, bang, boom. Random nukes are suddenly and randomly missing. Now you are in a tank! Boom, bang, boom, yadda, yadda, bang, boom. You get captured and executed, cries. Now you try to find a guy namedKaffarov. You go in random forests, trough random places and random valleys while fighting random Russian soldiers like never before. BUT WEIGHT!! Your squad is 3/4 dead, cries. Meanwhile pro Russian Spetsnaz raidKaffarovs holy villa! You go in there! You see a random Russian man! HE MAKES A DEAL! HE WANTS TO WORK WITH YOU!!! You hear random yelling behind you... you turn around and see a random black nigg err, umm, gentleman! You greet him nicely, but you get shot! You go back to the last checkpoint, 360 noscope his bottom and get randomly teleported to prison. With your last squad member, of course! You get interrogated for no reason whatsoever. Or do you? You break out, you hijack a train! Deja vu! You now chaseKaffarov on a motorcycle, you ram into him or something. He headshots your last teammate, cries. You fight him in a similar fashion to Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3. You disarm the nuke! The end! BUT THERES MORE! The Russian that helped you for no reason suddenly commits suicide.The sudden, real and random end!cries.Is that good? You may know what Im talking about.After all, the gameplay was good.10/10 Would google endings on Chrome again!