First things first optimaisation. This game looks good for the time it was released however it has meh optimaisation even though it isnt as bad as Unity. Firstly, I have an AMD R9 280X and an I5 4590. I put the game to very high anti alliasing and then viola my whole screen is messed up and glitched. I had to end up playing on high AA and ended up using SMAA from sweet FX. Futhermore this game has weird FPS drops. In Boston market place I get 2040 fps /, while in most other places i get 60fps. Poor optimaisation. Also the graphic options are quiet limited!I have no problems with the defualt controls.Now lets talk about gameplay. The AC franchise is known for its roof running mechanics. However in ACIII they have decided to add in the ability to climb trees and free run on trees which is great. However, I dont understand why there are so many guards on rooftops in Boston and New York. I preety much cant free run on roofs in a city for fun which sucks imo. Also this game has so many new features and has so much. However I dont want to use a lot of these things. For example I had no reason to use the crafting system,optional naval missions,hunting doesnt appeal to me,updating the homestead, I didnt even recruit or use assassins. However, there were things like this in revelations which i wanted to do and enjoyed doing eg. Bomb crafting,buying shops,recruiting assasins.Also, I found the missions fun however some missions would be really good while others would be boring. Also the optional objectives they either add challenge or remove freedom in a mission.I dont want to talk about story too much. Basically, the Connor story is decent nothing amazing. Connor as a hero is quite weird he doesnt really develop and he has no emotions. Also Ubisoft doesnt explain a lot of things and doesnt even give us development or time with some charachters such as Washington. Dont get me started on Desmond... The story is fun to progress through though.The game has a great soundtrack.Multiplayer has been removed .To conclude this game is worth it at the price I brought it during the Steam Summer sale. However, I would not recommend this at its current full price around 15. The game is fun but it has a lot of flaws which is unfortunate.