45 hours.The total count for hours spent in Assassins Creed III, according to my Steam account, is 45 hours. I have no scientifically acceptable reason that this could possibly be true, but apparently it is. For a game whose faults scream louder than its ambitions, that is a whole lot of time spent killing Red Coats, climbing trees, and sitting through many, many cut scenes. Near all of the popular criticisms leveled against this 5th and finalish installment in the popular franchise are, in my experience, justified. Today I face the challenge of trying to figure out why a game that felt inferior to its predecessors in nearly every way kept me locked in and more committed than any of the previous installments.On a purely graphical basis Assassins Creed III is a great example of how far a developer can come in a short 5 years of working on the same franchise/formula for five years straight, nonstop. Even on the lowest settings, which was unfortunately the best that my system could handle and still run at a useful framerate, I found it to be a better looking game than its predecessors with marked improvements to both environmental and character art. On a technical level Assassins Creed III is undoubtedly a ringing achievement for the series.If only it had any kind of consistency in how it used all of the tools at its disposal! The sweeping vistas of a grand naval battle at twilight or a meticulously created opera house stand in stark contrast to the otherwise, though faithfully crafted, undeniably boring expanses of frontier, snowy hillsides, and lackluster frontier housing structures. For those fresh off of the previous titles, the images of Rome and Constantinople fresh in their minds, Assassins Creed III is going to come as quite a culture shock. And it should! We are, after all, sailing for the first time to the new world. Or so we thought.The story of Assassins Creed III is, even more so than its predecessors, broken into segments. Outside of the Animus we still follow the presentday struggles of Desmond Miles and the rest of his misfit gang of assassins as they attempt to unlock a chamber left sealed by ancient aliens in hope of somehow stopping a solar flare that will spell doom for all life on Earth. That certainly escalated quickly. The story within the genetic memories of the Animus is even further fragmented and now brings us to the colonial east coast of North America with locales such as Boston and New York in the late 1700s. There we first follow Hatham Kenway, an ancestor of Desmond and quite possibly one of the most interesting characters to yet debut in the franchise. It is revealed fairly early that, though force of habit has led you to assume that all of the ancestors that we visit through Desmonds genes are assassins, Haytham is in fact a Templar, the ancient enemies of the Assassin order.Congratulations, Ubisoft! My biggest complaint at the end of the Ezio trilogy was that the games were getting a bit too rote and predictable, never changing the basic formula. It appears that they were also feeling this way because, with various levels of success, they tried a lot of new things here in terms of storytelling. The plot, which felt like something of a secondary consideration in the last few entries, takes center stage and painstakingly tells what ends up being a dramatically antiAmerican tale about the evils of colonialism and the many shades of gray that colored this very transitional stage of history.The central character, Ratonhnhakton henceforth to be referred to as Conner because it is far easier to type, is an extremely serious man and is more or less as far away from Ezio Auditore da Firenze that you could imagine. He is stern, softspoken, measured and, some would argue, almost entirely humorless. This, Im to understand, effectively killed the game for many fans that had come to adore the previous infectiously likable protagonist. And that is completely fair. Conner will not go down in history as one of the funnest video game characters to spend upward of 40 hours with but that is not entirely the point of his character, either. He is a halfbreed son of his English Templar father and Mohawk mother, raised among the native people. Even someone with the simplest understanding of colonial history would probably know that someone like Conner doesnt have a whole lot to be happy about. It doesnt work out very well for his people.For all that is laudable about the intentions of the story and message that Assassins Creed III intended to convey there remains the question of whether or not they succeeded. The answer is yes and no. For all that it has in common with the first Assassins Creed serious protagonist and overall heavy tone Conners story almost doesnt need the entire Assassins vs Templars angle in order to succeed at all. It feels almost extraneous at times. Without many tall structures to climb and with the ability to shoot someone just as easily as throw a knife at them, Assassins Creed III often feels like a massive action game about Native Americans and the Revolution rather than an Assassins Creed game.Guns change things quite a bit, actually. Whether were talking about the single shot, inefficient muskets and pistols on land or the colossal power of a cannon barrage at sea, the introduction of proper firearms into a series that has, for the most part, based its entire combat system on swords and knives in a massive game changer. The core of the combat is still essentially intact you are still leaving hundreds bodies in the street with little to no serious danger to your own person. The hyperviolence of the previous games is still very much there, though perhaps even harder to swallow now because at least Ezio was nice to people while becoming the most notorious killer in history. Conner kills hundreds of people and all the while hes angry as well. The combat is far more snappy this time around, though, and a bit more simplified than the previous titles.The world of the frontier is obviously less populated than Rome with fewer things to look down upon from on high. Snow is a pain in the butt to trudge through when you just want to get from one place to another the fast travel system is a mercy and a crutch. The entire naval combat system comes entirely out of left field and yet is one of the most incredible parts of the entire game. Its not difficult to see why the developers decided to build upon that one aspect and make an entire game out of it for the next installment.Earlier we drew a comparison between the first game in the series and this one. The biggest thing that they have in common is the scattershot way that they tried new things in hopes that a few of them would stick in order to further hone in future installments. We saw this with the shallow but ambitious nature of Assassins Creed I as it evolved its features and perfected them across Assassins Creed II and Brotherhood. Its obvious that the team at Ubisoft has effectively reloaded and tried again with this installment. I dont imagine that well see the hunting or crafting or trading system ever returning in future installments without a major overhaul. The seafaring mechanics, however? They struck gold with that one.In closing, it isnt hard to imagine that this was not how they wanted to conclude the series, despite all of the hints that this was to be the final chapter of the saga. Assassins Creed III is a sometimes boring, occasionally incredible, inconsistently creative, exploded mess of an incredibly important and ambitious game. Did I love every one of the 46 hours that I spent with it? Certainly not. But it had a lot of heart that kept me invested in the journey and that has to say something about the overall package.Oh, and the modern day ending is pretty dumb.