I didnt think this day would come, but here I find myself, writing a negative review about an Assassins Creed game. Sometimes, we fangirl/fanboy subjectively over games and we even develop the ability to forgive any mistake the creators could have possibly made because the game becomes sacred to us. This saga was just like that for me, but holy freaking shet. Just when I thought AC Revelations was the most disappointing one.The game offers a brutal amount of additional content I know this sounds like a positive thing, but wait until Im finished. This includes hunting, crafting, homestead missions, assassin recruit missions, courier tasks, treasure hunting, collectibles, etc. This couldve been amazing, but it turns into a bad attribute the moment it becomes the 70 probably not the right percentage, but thats how it felt of the games content. If you were to take away all of these extras, and you only played the main missions youd finish the game quicker than Tarzan swinging from vaselinecovered lianas. Its almost like they realized how weak the storyline was once they had finished, and decided to add a bunch of extra activities to make up for it.Secondly, at this point the story just feels like an excuse to use the Animus and play as a random ancestor, rather than the Animus being a device to know more about whats really going on with all these freaky gods and the end of the world. The story progresses as slow as a turtle giving head on the moon. Im sorry, but it does. I couldve just YouTubed the cutscenes and saved myself from losing time and money. Maybe its just that Im the only player who cares about the backstory and people just care about jumping from building to building. Could be. But thats why this is my personal review, right? Right.The same thing happened to me with Revelations. I ended up playing just for the sake of knowing more about Juno, Altairs past, the apple and whatnot. I literally forced myself to finish Revelations and the only reason why I played AC3 right away was because the only good thing that Revelations ever did, was the ending. Man, that was good and it instantly encouraged me to play AC3.I guess what Im saying is that I wished the game had a stronger connection between the ancestors and Desmond. That we get the same amount of information about the main story as we get about the ancestor were playing at that moment. Some sort of balance.More negative stuff Uplay. Just get rid of it, for the love of Juno. The naval missions. Terrible, terrible controls. Connor himself. Hes depressing, boring and doesnt have pro flirting skills like Ezio. Me no like him. The crafting system and hunting are simply pointless. The way you unlock fast travel locations is interesting, but tedious after a while. Stealth. Last time I checked assassins were stealthy.Congratulations on getting Desmonds skin colour right this time, though.