 finale for Desmonds story naval missions beautiful visuals and environment homestead missions nice weapon  gadget selection cool combo fight mechanics fun coop/team multiplayer Wolfpack uPlay some graphical  audio glitches quite a bit of AI glitches many annoying constraints to 100 missions some sidetasks are meant to just waste time stockpile/crafting/trading menu is annoying unsatysfying endings for both Connor  Desmond lockpicking minigame every other type of multiplayerIf I had to think of a subtitle it would be Assassins Creed 3  Checklists. The reason for this is that they packed so many pointless fetch quests, sidemissions and collectibles that it often feels like a chore and not fun as it should be. But the naval missions are fantastic. Sailing your own ship is the best part of the game and there is no wonder AC4 is all about that. The visuals really shine in this part and I had loads of fun. Normal combat is okay and combos cool but mostly you will want to avoid huge/long fights. The Connor story has ups and downs but ends up a bit unresolved as to what happens to Connor. Not that you will care for him because Connor becomes more and more unlikable as the game progresses. Homestead missions are an exception. While not very challenging they show Connor in some good light as he builds a community of people. While I like that we get a character who is unsure of what to do Connors motivations are all over the place. So much that at one point I just rooted for the templars which is a first time in an AC game. The pacing of Desmond parts is pretty bad. Just when Connor starts to be fun you are taken out of the Animus to do missions with Desmond. They should just have the intro part, afterwards you play as Connor and the end of the game would be just the Desmond finale. But instead the weird pacing coupled with a terrible ending makes me sad about how they finished the Desmond story. Multiplayer is nice but I only really enjoyed the team stuff because PvP stopped being fun really fast. I am gonna barely go with Recommended because there are just enough good parts to balance out the bland and bad stuff. If you want some DLC for this game get the Season Pass if you have AC3 already but it is best to get the Deluxe Edition which contains AC3Season PassBenedict Arnold DLC. A must for owners of the previous games but even then it is best to go with the Deluxe version on sale. I bought the Deluxe Edition on sale at 75 so I can say I surely got my moneys worth. For anyone else  there are better AC games you can buy.To activate the Season Pass and Benedict Arnold DLC Deluxe Edition only, take each of the DLC CDkeys Steam shows you, go to Extras and then to Redeem Code, restart the game and you should see DLC info pop up if it does not work try to redeem the codes in uPlay too.The Life Scratcher Pack upgradesitems, Ezios Outfit skin, The Renegade Pack for multiplayer characteritems.