Assassins Creed III is in actuality two games. The first game, starts with a beautiful, wellorchestrated, intriguing and delightful sequence, which takes you from the Opera to the colonies, following the games most interesting character Haytham Kenway. During these first sequences, you control a character with, well, character. The feeling of the age is given very nicely and the worldwise and confident Haytham is a good match to anyone who has played the AC series. It pauses at the end of sequence 4, after having skillfully introduced the next character, to give way to the second game.The second game, which gives you lots of things to do and follows the life of Connor, and his tutelage and eventual success at stopping the Templars, has the unfortunate feeling of being somewhat disconnected. There is lots to do, from trapping animals to fighting naval battles, from trading to building up the homestead, all the time collecting energy sources in present day to power up the temple and see what there is. The problem with all of this is that you control a character that starts, justifiably, nave but does not develop into what you hope and falls way short of his far more interesting father. Surrounded by the most ridiculous rendition of naval warfare, the proverbially stupid guards and a background story that has lost all track, the game goes on to the very end with just a bit too much to do and a bit too little to say.Ironically, AC IIIs top two moments are probably after its main story is done, with Connors meeting with the old man in his village, and the criticism on the days after the American revolution, on how to make money by selling land you dont own, and on how there is little difference over who rules.AC III is by no means a bad game. It has improved in all technical areas and the things you can do are really enjoyable and mostly well executed. As always, guards could be more intelligent, to add realism and depth to the game and bullets should kill you but, those things aside, the game delivers well in most areas  it is just a bit all over the place storywise.