I like to grab a copy of these games for the single player adventure and story but this time Im not super impressed. Youll take on this game not as an assassin, but as a brawler, Controlling your character isnt fine tuned enough to sneak around very well. Sometimes its just easier to kill 40 people than it is to jump to the branch youd like to.The goodThe naval side of this series is fantastic and a major standout.It looks very pretty.The scale is enormous.The BadThe controls are more miss than hit.Monotonous missions.Pacing is way off.The scale is too enormous to have to travel on foot.The movement needs a big tune up as traversing the landscape can be infuriating.Ive found the story fairly lacking, the boat stuff is great but carrying a sick person hundreds of metres to a tent is not. Especially when it then ask you to do the video gaming rule of threes and find 2 more sick people to carry slowly around town to finish the mission. This leads into the pacing, which overall is quite slow.Sometimes youll start a mission, the objective is to reach the marker which is 500m away. This takes some time on foot, and ovce you get there, youll get another briefing and have to travel another 500m. Usually this happens with a mission area limiting your freedom, so be prepared to blow large chunks of time climbing large cliffs, swimming or wading through snow only because youre forced too.This is even worse when the checkpoint you go back to makes you run and climb all that way again. I found I simply couldnt be bothered. The movement isnt either interesting or working well enough to be the objective unless its an early tutorial mission, While fast travel exists, its only available in a few instances.On top of that bugs bugs bugs. You will find yourself at a point where youve almost finished a mission, wiped out everybody but the boss and your attack button stops working. I watched helplessly as my allies all died to a single remaining enemy, then failed the mission. Quite a few niggles in this game force you to load your last checkpoint to proceed.Im about 50 of the way through this one so far, Id like to see the end but it all feels broken enough to take me out of it, I think its time to put the control down. Ive resorted to taking an entire fort head on and killing everyone inside, its way easier than wrestling the controls to sneak around.5/10