Assassins Creed 3 is a fun, 3rd person open world highaction game that sadly takes a little bit too long to get started. However, once it has, you wont want to put it down. I have played all of the AC games, and this is my second favorite, right behind Brotherhood.Performance  The game is okay for a PC port, definitely not the best, but not the worst either. It has a fairly large number of bugs and bad audio glitches such as outofsync dialogs, which Ive come to expect from AC. Not gamebreaking, but it does take away from the experience a little. Its beautiful graphics run at 50 fps with max settings on my i5 2500k  GTX 660ti, with framedrops in wide open areas.Combat  This is what you came for. It is truly satisfying to brutally but swiftly murder an entire group of trained British soldiers in one epic combo. The combat is very responsive and fluid, the result of 6 years of perfecting the engine. There is a plethora of different weapons, awesome animations and ways in which to kill your enemies, such as quickly slicing throats with your tomahawk, stabbing someone with the bayonet of a musket and shooting his comrade with the gun still inside him, or hanging your foes from the highest trees with your Rope Dart.Movement  The core mechanic of freerunning is still present and arguably has the best animations to date, but there just arent enough areas to fully take advantage of it. You can now dart up and in between trees and rocks, which is pretty fun and cool looking, but the awesome parkour on top of rooftops in dense cities from previous titles is very limited.World  The world is truly beautiful and massive, with detailed forests and rivers in the warm seasons and winter wonderlands with deep snow in which you can leave realistic footprints. There are also many different species of animals to hunt or just observe from the trees, such as bears, wolves, dear, rabbits and even beavers  and that was just the Frontier, the large almost untouched nature area of the world. There are also two cities, Boston and New York, to explore as well. They are not as fun or pretty as Florence, Venice, Rome or Constantinople, but still very large and with a fair number of activities to do. They are also interesting from a historical viewpoint.Story  Without spoiling much, I can only tell you that it holds your hand for about the first 8 hours and the main Native American character Connor also known as Ratonhnhakton just isnt very likable or memorable, keeping to himself and sometimes making childish decisions. This is by far the weakest point of the game, but not very important since the AC story has never really been truly good, in my opinion.Overall, the game is extremely fun and addictive, if you can look past some minor as well as major flaws and incoherent game mechanics, such as a barely fleshedout naval system and weird little board games that just dont seem to belong. Despite all of its shortcomings, I can definitely recommend this game for both longtime fans as well as newcomers to the series, with a solid rating of 8/10. 