Assassins Creed 3 Pretty immersive atmosphere, Ubisoft captured the essence of the American Revolution and what it is like to live in the 1700s. Youll explore the frontier forests, the city of Boston and the town of New York. On ultra graphics, its quite pleasant and enjoyable. Free frunning and climbing, like all the Assassins Creed games. You can now hide in shrubs and other bushes, adding a new element of stealth, and you can climb trees, adding another facet of gameplay. Lots of side missions, some with better rewards and more pertinence to the main story than others. Peg Legs missions to uncover Captain Kidds treasure are great, as are the naval missions to take down Nicholas Biddle, a Templar. Many, many collectibles to find, almanac pages, peg leg trinkets, chests to unlock  hours of content there if you like to discover every part of the map. Some of these collectibles actually serve a purpose, so you dont feel like youre running around aimlessly picking up random items. You need peg leg trinkets to exchange for letters, which lead you to Captain Kidds treasure map and chests are pretty critical to the game, because youre going to want money for the best weapons and some naval enhancements, maybe even new clothes. Loved the main plotline, many people criticise this but I thought it was great, even the ending. It ties in well with Desmond in the future too. Awesome combat animations for weapons, theres different ones for using a tomahawk, sword or rifle with a bayonet. You can use rope darts, poison darts, pistols or a bow and arrow to kill foes. Very, very fun fighting indeed. Unlike previous Asasssins Creed games, number 3 has a balanced economy, meaning you dont become insanely rich midgame. In fact, even after looting all chests in the game, youre not going to have enough pounds to purchase all ship upgrades not that theyre essential, outfits and the most expensive weapons. I thought this was a flaw of previous titles in the series, where I invested in businesses and just became incredibly wealthy that everything became too easy. That problem is solved. So, rewards for some collectibles are good, as I already mentioned. But rewards for others are poor and dont offer much incentive to go about collecting in the first place. The only reason youd consider doing so is if youre a completionist. For instance, collecting all feathers gives you ONE new outfit big deal which doesnt really do anything. Collecting the almanac pages provides access to inventions which can decorate your home, again who cares. Some side quests like hunting animals and helping individuals resettle on the homestead dont offer much in terms of gameplay rewards and arent particularly exciting, they can get boring unless you only do them here and there, inbetween other activities. Ubisoft just dont get how truly DISGUSTING their controls are for the Assassins Creed franchise on PC. Yes its playable and yes you get used to it, to the point it becomes second nature. But that doesnt change the fact that the controls for PC are simply bad. They are BAD. It takes more than an hour to get used to I dare say several, the opening tutorial is laughable at explaining the combat mechanics. I mean, you cant even bind the keys you want half the time enter cant be bound. Theres excessive keys maybe like 1012 for combat that could be achieved in 34. If ONLY Ubisoft werent lazy as  and could be bothered to make a proper control system when they port the game from console. If only.Overall Score 8.5/10Assassins Creed 3 is an epic game. I really did enjoy my time on this and cant see any valid reason as to why its a bad game. Better than any of the games before it, its a must play. I do recommend it, despite the awkward controls, as you will get used to it with time. 