is a parkour beatem up adventure game. Desmond Miles and the Assassins are guided to another temple where Minerva has him relive the memories of another Assassin ancestor, Ratonhnhakton aka Connor, who fought a Templar plot in the New World at the turn of American independence. The game goes back to having multiple maps, such as two cities, a large plot of wilderness and villages, in addition to replacing the economy and your base by a map of Davenport Homestead where mini quests allow you to make your village thrive, giving access to resources youll craft for export. Colonial cities and forest are a nice change of scenery, and leaping from one tree branch to another feel very different from European rooftops. New A.I. enemies are more challenging and cannot be beaten or blocked as easily, which feels nice after the three past games all had similar Renaissancebased foes. The game finally has a decent participation from Desmond, fighting as an actual Assassin. By far, sailing the seas introduces the best new mechanic to the franchise in a long time, theadding additional quests in foreign territory very similar to, but much shorter than, the platforming dungeons of past games. It is nearly impossible to take to the rooftops without being called out by guards who are much more intolerant and aggressive. As accurate as the setting is, the cities and forest arent as memorable, Connors story isnt as interesting, and the end of the Desmond story is unsatisfying. Side quests are boring, and your villages economy brings little to the game as you dont need much money and will rarely feel the need to purchase other weapons.   Its up to youThe game is passable enough to get a light recommendation, but is definitively the weakest of the franchise so far. You will quickly tire of the hunting and crafting which are the two other new systems brought to the game. Thewill extend the gameplay, but offer dark and unenthusiastic story episodes. Purchase only if you feel you really want to play all thegames.