As much as I have enjoyed the assassins creed franchise well, I enjoyed AC2 and all of its itterations this is not a game I would recommend playing. From the beginning to about 15 hours in the game holds your hand. It dictated very exact parameters for how each mission must be accomplished with the slightest deviation causing complete failure. That along with the almost complete absence of stealth, the fact that pistols were better when Ezio was a kid, the way guards can spawn more guards so youre never doing anything less than murdering twnety guys in the streets, and the seeming randomness of your assassin recruits have all combined in a perfect storm to ruin the game for me.very minor spoilers aheadI may keep trying to play... but it doesnt look good. The point where I became truly frustrated is at is where I recruited my first assassin, an angry chef. I helped him go on a rampage through a city while telling him this isnt the way to cause change.... that is EXACTLY what the games, all of them, have you do to cause change. You murder hundreds of guards who could just be normal people looking to provide for their families but we assume are all templars and power hungry extortionists. Everyone knows its ok to kill THEM without consideration. Also hes an angry French Chef.... and doesnt seem to wear assassin clothes but instead wears chef clothes and clevers people to death. Lame.Then my frustrations grew to a fever pitch a few minutes later at the Boston Tea Party. The first goal of the mission is to kill 15 guards. What an intensely subtle plot point. Not distract or remove.... just kill them. So I try to be sneaky. I slip into the water and as soon as I come up behind them where they couldnt possibly see me they become alarmed and shoot. Second attempt the bow. The bow is supposed to be silent so I climb up on a roof and take a shot. I kill my man but everyone immediately knows exactly where I am. The third time I think Ill use my recruit to cause a riot.... but for some reason I cant. I kill all the ing guards then the mission continues asking me to do things I cant find out how to do even after reading all the instructions.Screw this game. The ONLY reason Ill finish it is because I paid for it and because of the plot with Desmond.... even that is a tenuous reason at best. 