Ok, lets start with the positive so we can clear this one out quickly  the cut scenes are awesome. Done. Check.Now with the negative 1. This is the most boring and clumsiest assassin youll ever see in your life. This character  I already forgot his name just to say  is the total opposite of Ezio  no charisma whatsoever, no substance, no facial resemblance with any of the glorious assassin family Desmond is the last heir of, boring voice and poor abilities. You cant get attached to such a dull character and have any fun using him. You just cant.2. All the Assassins Creed games sucked me in from the very beginning of the story and glued me to my screen, wasting countless hours to make the scenario and characters progress. This one is so annoying, I have no interest in making anything progress and knowing what happened to the saga. I didnt even understand why Desmond ended up in the animus reenacting this stupid ancestor memories. Nothings explained or makes sense. Its like, yeah whatever, just do it because well, its an Assassins Creed game so lets just milk the same cow again and issue a new episode of the series.3. The gameplay has been revised for the worst. Listen Ubisoft, theres one golden rule in gaming and in programming in general if it aint broken, dont fix it. Dont. Just dont. Ever. Instead, you just frustrated millions of players who enjoyed so far the continuity of playing all Assassins Creed games the same way but you also made it much worse by complicating for no reason a fluid interface with boring menus/submenus and counterintuitive controls. This is an epic failure.4. The AI. Oh my! The AI is as equally  than it is deadly, depending on the time, the scenario and the situation. This is such a marker for a failed product to see the vast dichotomy between AI characters accepting you just vanished because you hid behind a barrel in their plain sight as it is when they accurately shoot you to near death when youre jumping from one roof to another, while alerting instantly every other patrols within a 50 miles radius around you.5. Gazillions of bugs everywhere. For everything. Were not talking about specific glitches in specific areas and such. Direct and obvious bugs like the characters cape going crazy and making him look like a ridiculous bat whenever climbing any tall structure. This is not something you can miss. Clearly, you havent tested your product at all. Or if you have, you clearly have no respect for your customers in attempting to deliver any level of quality for your products. Lets just issue the damn thing and bang money as much as we can before they realize they bought a piece of crap. The fact that Ubisoft publicly told their customers they have no intention to fix any of the bugs, well I guess we all know now how they consider them moooo!.6. Missions  90 of the time, I have no clue why Im doing a mission or what Im supposed to do. I just try random things until it seems that the mission progresses. The story is so botched that they didnt even try to provide explanations of why youre doing something in the game now.Overall, the whole thing feels very sour the great saga that lasted for a decade now has been burnt to the ground by the greediness of Ubisoft executives in a clumsy attempt to milk their customers. From what I can read from gamers about AC IV, its pretty much the same disaster. Guess what, wont buy it. Well, well done Ubisoft for shooting yourself in the foot and killing one of the greatest saga in gaming history. 