  If the pervasive glitches, hilarious ragdoll effects, repetitious mission types, slow travel times, questionable A.I., frustrating stealth mechanics, notideal combat gameplay, and hitormiss geometry of previous Assassins Creed games are enough to sway you against playing them, turn away now.  AC3 has retained all of those aspects. I still recommend this game in spite of all that.  Im not wholly sure why....  The regenerative health system is dubious, the combat feels more random heavies could take half a dozen slices with my knife all over the body, but a light kick to the gut that sends them into a wall autoincapacitates? what?, the naval combat is iffy on a good day, and the economy menu is more a chore than a boon.Well, aesthetics enthralled me, so Ill go with that.Many dislike Connor.  I find him very interesting, and he may be my favorite Assassin yet.  He is hopelessly idealistic and naive, and very overzealous in his actions.  His worldview is incorruptible.  But his drive to improve, to accomplish, to learn, to grow, and to correct make him an exceptional student and a humble individual.  He is clear and concise, everpoised to tackle any trouble that arises.  He doesnt shirk from a challenge.  His gumption precludes him to action over tact.  He cuts straight to the point and loathes the timeconsuming inner politics of the Patriots, Loyalists, and Templar.Hes a thoroughly profound casestudy, but most players obviously dont catch that from his words and deeds on face value.Most Assassin protagonists seem to be playboys of their time, accepting drink and women when their work allows them.  Connor pursues a more morallyupright ideal I know of only one time Connor consumes alcohol, and I dont remember him settling down with a woman at all in AC3.Ezio and Connor are both stealthy Connors a freaking hunter, lol he has to be, but the difference between them is the former had subtlety and grace, whereas the latter has swiftness and decisiveness.  I loved that about Connor.  The manner in which he acts, the style of combat he adopts, both reflect his mores as an individual.Regarding the setting, its bafflingly empty.  Id argue 60 of the collective world map is unused for anything beyond filler.  Its wonderful filler, in my opinion, but its empty space all the same.  Viewpoints are sparse, far between, and dont provide much vision once you synchronize with them.Combat may prove troublesome, but the animations in battle are a sight to behold.  Connor is flashy, but efficent.  Brutal, but quick.  Im enraptured with awe every combat sequence I initiate.The hunting is a solid addition, too.  Its far too easily abused, but you do have to play it smartly if you want to succeed.I dont like relying on personal patriotism for much of anything, certainly not for a review of a video game.  However,... I believe its an integral part in how I perceived and enjoyed Assassins Creed 3.  AC1 had a great story, even though the setting wasnt my favorite.  AC2, Brotherhood, and Revelations offered better combat, but I didnt care for Ezio as a character.But AC3 struck a major chord with me while I was playing it.  The open space of the Frontier as opposed to the cramped cities in Renaissance Italy and Crusaderera Middle East, the little r republican community of the Homestead, the righteous if incomplete theme of the Patirots, the ferocious style of Connors combat, the resolute demeanor he exhibits, the pristine settings in the wild, and the boundless opportunities of the major cities of a land brimming with potential,...  All of that sank in well with me.  Maybe its relatable since Im a redblooded American.  Maybe the sights and sounds of the wild Frontier hearkened me back to my days as a Boy Scout.  Maybe the visuals of colonial Boston and New York warmed me to their nostalgia and nuance.  Maybe the theme of liberty and the reinvigoration of the moral struggle between the Assassins and the Templar sparked my interest once again.I dunno.  I sure can see why people dont like it, but I dont share that sentiment at all.  I had a blast with AC3, so I will suggest it nonetheless.  I hope others like it for what it is, as well.