Assassins Creed III is the fifth major installment in the longrunning Assassins Creed series developed by Ubisoft. The original game had you play as Altair, an Assassin during the Crusades, while the other titles had you playing as Ezio, an Italian Assassin during the Renaissance. After four previous games, Assassins Creed III had large shoes to feel for the most part, the game fulfills these expectations despite disappointing on other fronts.In this game, you play as Connor, a Native American Assassin born during the American Revolution after a lengthy introduction sequence in which you play as Haytham Kenway, Connors father who is easily one of the major highlights of the game, the player gets to experience the early stages of Connors childhood and experience what puts him on the path of joining the fabled Assassins. This game has a very slow opening which takes around 5 hours, however I would argue that this is necessary due to the epic scope of the narrative however, impatient players or those wanting to get straight into the action might want to reconsider.Due to Connors Native American ancestry, there are a number of unique traits you can use, namely that of hunting, tree climbing and other variations of activies used in previous titles. The ability to free run through the trees is a very welcome addition to the series, and scaling large trees and natural obstacles feels almost as fluid as navigating the rooftops. The addition of a rather complicated hunting mechanic which involves setting bait and traps as well as skillful use of bow and arrow is interesting but feels rather unnecessary to the rest of the game, as the game rarely offers incentives for hunting out various forms of wildlife. I also found the quicktime event used when encountering certain animals wolves, elk to be rather silly and didnt really mesh with the rest of the game. In addition to those skills, Connor also has a tomahawk a large axethingy and a rope dart, which he can use to damage enemies as well as stringing up enemies from trees. This varies the already simplistic combat to a minor degree and allows for some entertaining situations. Just like previous games, you also have a gun and typical sword which you can both use in open combat.One of the best additions to Assassins Creed III is the new naval combat mode in this mode, Connor undertakes a variety of missions using his own sea faring vessel dubbed The Aquila. Naval combat is extremely fun due to the varied offensive techniques such as precision guns, heavy mortars and chain shots, all of which you can use to take down enemy ships and forts. The reason this mode is so fun is because its rarely used in any other game to date, and is one of the few innovative features displayed in this game.Whilst the majority of Assassins Creed III is up to the standard of the other titles, it is worth mentioning the several severe faults that I felt detracted from the overall experience. Firstly, the mission constraints these are a series of optional objectives attached to each story mission that give you the option of increased synchronisation within the Animus. My issues with these constraints is that they actively punish the player for trying to complete, or made the mission extremely irritating in general. These objectives simply pushed the player to the point of inconvenience, and I consistently felt as if they were tacked on to each mission rather than challenging the player due to the ridiculous nature of the tasks. My second issue with the game was the overall story and the character progression of the protagonist Connor as in the narrative lacked the motivation and compelling nature found in previous titles, and Connor was actually a severely bland character to play as. The narrative starts off rather epically, until you start playing as Connor and achieving virtually nothing over the course of the game. He was sent from place to place, completing tasks that seemed to have no relation to one another and often just for the sake of throwing in some big, flashy historical moment. By the end of the game, I felt as if all I had achieved was going to a bunch of random locations and killing some British officer simply because the game wanted me to. Aside from the standout performance exhibited in the character of Haytham Kenway, there were hardly any moments where I was overly impressed by the characterisation. Connor is a bland and uninteresting character, whose motives are ambigous and murky, and who I could never truly connect with. Not to mention that the ending for both Connor and Desmond is astonishingly lazy and is one of the worst endings to a AAA title I have ever experienced.Overall, Assassins Creed III is a solid entry in the franchie but not the ground breaking step forward I was expecting. All the standard trademarks of the series, and fans of the series such as myself will undoubtedly have a good time with this despite its flaws. Its worth noting that the lacklustre story and frustrating game design will frustrate some players and occassionally feels like a stepbackwards from previous titles. However, this is a still a fairly enjoyable game and I couldnt help but enjoy myself for most of it. 7.5 / 10 