SHORT VERSION for the TLDR kindGrade Positive only after the price dropPlusesbeautiful animationsstunning aesthetics per usualinteresting story albeit with some awful cutscene direction and editiona plethora of interesting tools / weaponsassassin recruits with their own backstories and personalities no more generic facesa lot to do for every completionistDownsidesmovements glitches and bugsAI bugs and cheap trickssurprising and downright atrocious lack of freedom in missionsa whole array of annoying glitches from broken side missions to gamebreaking main missions in the DLCAND NOW FOR THE MAIN COURSEHello fellow assassins!I gotta admit  I do not normally review games, its just not my thing. I enjoy playing them, enjoy watching them being played and even enjoy reading about them, but to write a review myself?Naaah.And yet here I am, punching in one word after the other with one purpose  to warn you.Before we start, let me underline the fact that I really liked the game. As usual there is a whole lot to do, the combat system was a wee bit refreshed finally, the environments look more lively and realistic, the time period is really interesting and no, Im not an American, the assassin recruits finally have their own personas and at last, but not at least, naval battles. Glorious naval battles with their splendor, brutality and finesse. Aye, its a pirates life for me! The ship sections in AC3 are actually enough of a reason for me to buy Black Flag. But were veering a little offcourse.Is Assassins Creed III a good game? I think yes  for the current low, low price. But I really pity those who had to buy it for the full charge. Why?Bugs.As it stands today, almost every Assassins Creed was plagued by a number of bugs and glitches, most of them were promptly removed after the release, though. Not AC3  this one is still haunted by some atrocious bugs which will make you pull your hair out in clumps. Some of the glitches are just annoying, at least one of them is actually gamebreaking.Lets start with the small stuff and proceed to the large glitches, shall we?1. You know the words of the creed that bind assassins into the brotherhood? Nothing is true, everything is permitted? Yeah, if this game is to be taken as canon, the creed should go more like this nothing is true, everything is permitted as long as you do the things OUR way. Example you are tasked with clearing out a deck of a frigate, crawling with redcoats. You swim to its broadside, you carefully climb aboard, you plan your attack and attempt to flawlessly execute it. Only after the first step which the developers have actually taken into account you suddenly get discovered by two guards who had their back turned on you. No line of sight whatsoever, no way for them to hear you. You naturally try again, this time by climbing the ropes, but the moment you even touch them the whole deck turns towards you and attempts to make you come down. With the use of excessive force. Once again  no line of sight, no sound made. So why does that happen? Apparently because screw you, thats why!This is just one example, and there are dozens like this one. Most of the missions are scripted so heavily, that they could actually be turned into a play. For a game that proclaims freedom with every drawn breath, it sure likes to guide us by the hand, or else!.2. And dont get me started on the additional objectives. Imagine that you are tasked with chasing down a guy who can potentially leak  a valuable piece of your plan straight to your target. Whats the most effective course of action? Well, that largely depends on the situation, but Im quite sure that its not climbing onto a flight of stairs and tackling the guy from the air  just for the hell of it. But thats what actually has to happen in order for you to get this godforsaken 100 synch. After a couple of sections like this you really start to question Connors sanity. The next part actually makes you question his agility as well.3. Smaller movement glitches and AI bugs have become somewhat of a staple of the franchise. Its only natural they make their return here. Nothing major, really, until one of the climbing glitches throws you down a 5 story building. Are we to believe that Connor just slipped? Well, that would be an embarrassing way to die  especially for an assassin.4. But all of the above were just small fires. Ladies and gents  here come the big guns. Lets start with convoy glitch, as it is somewhat the least serious of the group.At some point in the game you will gain access to a caravan which will be able to transport goods from your homestead to the nearest city in order to turn them into a profit. Of course since the frontier is not yet guarded and regulated or rather it is  by the enemy the caravans will get attacked from time to time. The only thing to do then is to rush to them and defend the goods by slaughtering some puny redcoats. Or at least I think thats how it goes as after the first attack  which I didnt manage to rebuke  one of my caravans got stuck in the attacked state. For all eternity. Losing 1/3 of the income might not be so bad, but the worst part is that I never got to defend any other caravan  the game just cant script any attack afterwards. Maybe I should be happy, who knows?5. UFO mission for the Frontiersmen. This one I was lucky enough to avoid, but boy, oh boy were those poor chaps that got affected by this crap And with good reason  as it appears one of the side missions might get bugged out which makes it impossible to be finished. Oh, were sorry said Ubisoft. Did you want to have that 100 completion rate? What. A. Shame. Wanna start the game from the scratch? No? Also a shame  cause guess what, you have to! Muhuhahahaha!6. And at last, but not at least  a bug from the Tyranny of King Washington DLC. Before you say anything  I know that the DLCs have their own sections on Steam, but judging from what the Deluxe version of AC3 costs now, I might as well describe the issue here  we all know that whoever has not bought the game yet is going for the full version anyway.Alright, lets get on with this. Look at the last couple of sentences of the previous section. The ones about 100 completion rate and having to begin the game anew. Imagine that you are faced with a similar situation, but this time instead of the mentioned 100 synch, its the last mission thats being dangled on the string right in front of you. You know you want it. Its the last mission! Youve earned it!Well too bad, mister! Due to a certain bug in Episode 1 of Tyranny, youll have to earn the right to play the last mission once more. From the scratch.Classy, right?But lets not end here.7. Its 2015 already, right? That would place the premiere of the base game roughly two years ago and the premiere of the DLCs about a year ago. A lot of time, especially to patch up such jarring mistakes one could think. And once again one would be wrong. No patches for any of these features, my friends! It appears that any support for AC3 was scrapped right after Black Flag has hit the shelves. And Im going to make a wild guess that the same has recently happened to the support of Black Flag itself, with Unity being released. This is just wrong.Its a typical weve got your bucks, now buzz off mentality that seems to grow more and more rampant with every single year. And you know what? Ive finished the story of Desmond sad and often disappointing as it was and Im going to play Black Flag because of its positive reviews and naval combat DAMN, I LOVE NAVAL COMBAT IN AC3!, but after that me and Ubisoft are through.Im not going to tell you to do the same. You be your own judges.After all, nothing is true.Everything is permitted.