Took me 19 hours to beat. Its my least favorite game in the series, so far.Im guilty of just trying to rush through the main story so I could check off this game as beaten and move on to a more consistently fun game. I think that, if you approach this game with the mindset that you just want to play around in the open world sandbox this game presents, you may have more fun with it. I just couldnt get into that mindset, for some reason. Partly, this was due to me feeling that there was not much reason to pursue the side content, since I was perfectly able to complete the main story while doing absolutely nothing else.The main things I didnt like about this game were the bugs, the writing and, in particular, the protagonist, and its failure to deliver consistent fun at the same rate the previous games were able to achieve. I just felt that I spent a large percentage of the game not having fun and actively having a bad time. This was due to frustratingly stupid mission design, bugs, and having a hard time getting the character to do what I wanted them to do. As far as missions go, the stealth missions are some of the worst offenders. The game does not offer precise enough controls to support the stealth gameplay. Coupled with the sparse checkpoints, youll find yourself getting very frustrated at these missions. It all just adds up to a frustrating experience, especially if youre not feeling motivated to actually play around and have fun with the openworld aspect of the game.If you come at this game with the right mindset  that you just want to run around and do all the various side missions and activities, I think you may enjoy it, but just know that youre not really giving yourself much of an advantage for completing the main story. And know that theres plenty of other openworld games that are going to give you a MUCH more consistently fun experience. This game tries to do too much, without sufficient polish, and without carefully considering how the design impacts the momenttomoment fun of playing it. It has lots of ideas for side activities and mechanics that may sound fun on paper but, when implemented, dont provide a consistently entertaining experience.I feel like this game couldve been improved by having people play it and periodically asking them if they were having fun. They would very quickly discover that a large majority of the play is just boring or antifun. Maybe they tried that but didnt have enough time to do this thoroughly because theres just too much content.