AC III tries to be an exciting ActionAdventure with fantasy elements in a more or less accurate historical setting. Theoretically, this setup would enable amazing possibilities like learning about history and having fun at the same time  at least that is the idea behind the whole series I guess, since the historical accuracies were advertised a lot when AC3 was published. I am completely aware that this is a game and not a historical textbook, so I am not even disappointed about inaccuracies of any kind. What really disappoints me is that neither the aspect of historical exploration nor the ActionAdventure part is really hooking the player up. I actually stopped playing after I finished about half of the game, because it was simply boring. Besides the totally messed up controls, and annoying game mechanics like QTEs and similar stuff other people comaplained about, the thing which disappointed me most is the story. The main story lacks logic and development, it never becomes clear, why those characters do what they do. They run around, kill people here and there, join historical conflicts, but there is no clear motive, they are just a bunch of conspirers fighting for some unknown greater cause. Above this, the historical backround does not more than serve as a nice background image. The thing you encounter most are highly stereotypical depictions of evil Brits, innocent native Americans being burned and slaughtered by evil Brits and stuff like that. They have a whole simulated historical town of Boston, it looks alive and authentic, but it does not get you interested in the city at any point. The most exciting thing you can do is ride around on a horse or climb churchroofs and jump down again. Sidequests would have been a really great opportunity to introduce the live of colonists, to get interaction with the NPCs. But there is nobody you could even talk to, the crowd is nothing else than a place to hide and to rob which they dont even mind!!!. I could go on for hours but I stop here, because it would not change what I have to say ACIII is neither a good actionadventure, nor an interesting history simulation. The attempt to throw two minuses into one equation does not make this a plus product, it just makes two disappointments in one game.