Ive been playing this game for 9.5 hrs and Ive yet to get to the Conner part of the story. Im dreading playing through this game just so I can find out what happens with Desmond. So far this Kenway hack of an Assassin is simply infuriatingly frustrating. With the first four games you could at least get used to the little quirks when jumping around and even use them to your advantage. With Kenway he acts like hes the bomb but he is merely a shadow of what his forebearers were.Gun mechanics are awkward, messages constantly pop up on the screen all at once not giving you time to read them and understand what to do all while trying to listen to the dialog and watch whats happening on the screen. Its like Im watching some kind of interactive movie that Im really interested in but I keep getting interrupted by having to play the game.Like other reveiwers have said, it feels like a series of challenges that expect you to be a pro at playing the game from the start and then shows you how inferior of a gamer you are when you fail at acheiving 100 sync. At least in the other games I didnt feel guilty for not getting 100 on everything and could move on to the next game with a tear in my eye.If you want to know what happens next in the story line its worth buying and struggling through which I will continue to begrudgingly do. But if you have no emotional connection to the series then dont waste your time and perhaps just watch the cut scene movies on youtube.Oh, and on the plus side they did make me feel immersed in the environment so far. I just wish there was more to do. Where are all the shops? Where are all the properties? It didnt make sense in the last games that Ezio could buy the Hagia Sophia or the Coloseum why cant I purchase Old Northside Church or the Liberty Tree? There are so many things that they could have expanded on in this game to make it feel more like an Assassins Creed sequel but they seem to have dropped the ball.I hope it gets better as I go on. I stopped playing just now because Im having trouble listening to George Washington complain about something while disarming cannons and NOT killing any guards AND not being detected. UGH! Really? Can you make the game any more needlessly tedious and difficult? Desyncd about 15 times now! Guard saw you! Raised too much attention! Restarting you from the beginning like NES Super Mario Bros. World 8 style!So YES I recommend it for hardcore Assassins Creed Series fans but NO I dont think the game is well executed. Update So Ive played into the Connor portion of the game. The game does get significantly better but still a frustration fiasco. I seem to be getting bombarded by guards everytime Connor passes gas. It wouldnt be so bad but there are SOOOOOO MANY! I have to fight off an army just to get away! LITERALLY! To the point where it feels like a game bug.  There are a lot of other areas that make me feel like this game is simply unfinished. Dialogs overlapping, cut scenes cut short in the middle of plot dialogue. They dont make clear what youre doing in the game to actually make you care. I didnt realize I was recruiting people until all of a sudden I somehow was able to send people on missions. I still havent figured out this crafting stuff.Bottom line is that this game had GREAT potential to be an AMAZING game in the franchise and its like the team just GAVE UP and pushed it out the door. Perhaps they were excited to move on to Black Flag? I dont know. I just wish the team had put more of their heart into it. It feels seriously lacking in finished product love. I wonder if any of the Dev team played through it after release. Id like to see some honest reflections on the game from their point of view.