So, this was supposed to be it. Desmond had brought us to our end. Pitched as the game that would answer all of those questions and bring the Assassins Creed trilogy pentalogy? to a stunning conclusion. The only problem is that of course it didnt.It just left us with more questions, and after playing five games in the series it has left me feeling as if I were falling down a hole that actually has no bottom.There were times though when I found the game enjoyable and fun to play. If you have played, and enjoyed as I have, the previous instalments of the francise, you will probably get some enjoyment from this episode too. I like the addition of seafaring and the naval battles. There is a feeling of panic, unique to this game, when you see a 100 gun Man of war appear in to view. And it is fun using your more manouvable frigate to send one of these giants to Davey Jones locker. And of course it never gets old appearing over a rooftop and as an enemy starts to challenge you, leaping on him and burying your hidden blade in his chest.Having said this, in all honsety the fifth installment of the series still suffers from many of the same problems and bugs previous versions had. The story still has a disjointed feel to it and there were times when there were characters that were refered to and I ended up thinking who on earth are they? You could rush through the main story without the need to fulifil any of the optional missions and in honesty I felt that they dont really add much to the narrative. On top of the standard AC plot issues there are the standard game play issues. Connor loves to stand on walls watching as his target disapears off into the distance, leap of a builing in the wrong direction and jump over an assassination target that is on the move. After 5 years development time you would have hoped that Ubisoft would have many of these issues solved, yet they still persist.All in all I give this game a 7.5/10. Ive scored it this high only because I bought it in the sumer sale for 3.75 and at that price its good value for money. If I see AC4 available for a similar price I will probably give that a whirl too, but not at the 15.99 Steam and Ubisoft are currently asking. And I certainly wont be preordering AC Syndicate 