Sadly, the third installment in the series was only worth the time it took because I was interested in the main storyline.Everything the game has to offer is introduced in the first three or so chapters, the spoiler change of the protagonist, the naval battles, the roaming of frontierlands  which very quickly becomes boring and cumbersome  and the much improved combat system. The writing is sloppy, and the game design atrocious. Theres a ton of things to do, like hunting, improving your ship, collecting Ben Franklins missing almanac pages to get some of his inventions as trophies. None of these things tie in to the game in the same way as, say, recruiting help in AC2 and its two successors. In other words, theres absolutely no need to do any of this stuff, and since the rewards are nonexistent gamewise, one soon loses interest in anything else than the main storyline.Also, the game is quite bad in explaining things. You can fast travel between the main story line missions, but I found this out after treading through the frontier forests time and again, adding a few hours of aimless wandering in forests that are designed to block your way instead of making the advancement fun. The cities are boring, and I left about 80  of everything undiscovered. Lack of interest. There are some very poorly designed levels, and the whole frontierland is one big mess of mandatory jumping and climbing and oh, I have 2000 more meters to go, but my horse cant cross this river that is three meters wide. Add to this some seriously sloppy coding the same NPC brushing a horse AND standing by a cliff a few meters away AT THE SAME TIME and AI the guards not bothering to check the carts and haystacks, although on high alert, and you get a picture of whats wrong with the whole. Also, the few railed levels in present day only serve to alienate the player from the main story even further.Theres a lot of potential in AC3, but its all wasted too easily. When writing this, I still havent played AC4, so I have no idea what the Black Flag has in store, but I hope it has more consistent plot, and a better incentive to complete side quests/and the inevitable resource gathering/management. 