first let me get this out of the way, CHARLES LEE! Now that thats over and done with, on to the review. I just recently finished my second playthrough on the pc of this game, and after playing through AC 2 and Brotherhood again recently, i have my opinion on this game. The combat isnt bad, but it is in no means challenging at all, as compared to AC 2. I could spend all day killing red coats or patriots till my hearts content without dropping a beat but, wheres the fun in that now? The free running is back and more frusterating than ever, although not nearly as bad as 2 where i was about to rip my hair out on several occasions. It works, the tree hopping can be a bit buggy but mostly its fluid. Buildings, besides churches and save for a few other structures, are not really that tall. I remember this being a concern for many when the game was originally announced but fear not, you wont spend mins climbing up yet another tall structure just to have conner jump all the way down to his death well, it happened once. On to the story. Its an AC game, i personally like the story line thats more hurumph than huzzah but it works to move the story along. However, the 7 hr tutorial as people like to call it, was not a welcome addition. In fact, it didnt even teach me the basics! Since i jumped from brotherhood to 3 i had to re learn the controls all over again. I figured out how to counter, grab ledges and other things on my own i didnt figure out how to disarm till i was almost finished with the game. Conner is an over dramatic/ montone character. I am highly partial to Ezios character because he seemed more human, his whole life was fleshed out before you. Unlike conners who you are just thrown into and meant to assume the role of this revenge seeking assassin. Without spoiling anything for you gents and madames out there, expect to hear alot of grunting and screaming for charles lee. The naval sections were a fine addition to the game they made a whole game out of this section in the 4th game which i highly reccomend you check out and were both a pretty spectacle and a liberating feeling. Theres nothing like sailing around marthas vineyard and blowing them bloody red coats out of the water! This is not an AMERICA HUZZAH!!! story, not in the slightest. The lines between the templars and assassins morality is somewhat blured in this game. You can see the templars struggling for their vision and in a way, they are good in their own regard. Without spoiling much else, ill give you the bottom lineBOTTOM LINEGET IF YOU like the AC games and are playing through, like the revolutionary war, or just like the colonies before they became americanDONT GET IF YOU Dont like any of the things mentioned above, want to deal with a tedious story, or are expecting something thats going to knock your socks offIn the end, I DO RECOMMEND because i have been a fan of this series since the first game came out in 07. This series continues to bait me and bring me back into its ever widing embrace. Though the series has started to lose some of its focus over the years, they are still able to weave a very compeling narrative. It also helps i counter like a boss.