I played this game when it first came out on PS3 and I absolutely loved to play it. However, I was slightly disappointed at the same time.You are Ratonhnhaketon, yeah, and this will be the only time I will use his actual name in my review son of a Mohawk mother and an English father in a crucial time in history. The American Colonies are up in arms, angered by the British Parliaments act in imposing taxes without the consent of the colonies. The American Revolution has begun. However, Connor, finds his home indangered by this. As a group of Templars prepare to seize his home in their search for a Precursor site, Connor sets out to join the Brotherhood of Assassins to eliminate those who plan to seize his home and drive his people out. In doing so, he will find himself playing a huge part in history, and will become a key witness to the birth of a New Nation based on the principles of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.First off, I LOVE this AC game, it has by far has one of the best settings in the whole franchise the American Revolution. Now I love history, and this game is filled with history about one of the most unique historical moments in human history. The gameplay is fun, with fluid combat gameplay, a good hunting and loot economy, and a beautifully executed naval warfare gameplay. However, that doesnt mean it has it flaws, first off, the story. You will spend one fifth of the game not even as Connor, but his father instead has he sails to the Colonies from England to be honest though, I really liked Haytham Kenway, so thats a pro within a con. Second, you wont even become an Assassin until youre nearly halfway through the game. Third, the story sadly doesnt make great use of the setting it takes place in, sure youll meet historic faces and participate in the beginning of the Revolution, but then youll suddenly go do something that simply make the freaking REVOLUTIONARY WAR nothing more than a background. The first half of the story is nicely done, but then it starts to get rushed and sort of skips events and people that couldve been a juicy oppurtunity for an awesome experience.The gameplay would overtime get repetative, but thats more when you finish the story and granted freeroam. When I first got this game, I couldnt wait to participate in the American Revolutionary War and fight in the battles alongside the Continental Army against the British, like what was presented in the commercials, I met people like Samuel Adams, Benjamin Franklin, George Washington, and even the Marquis de Lafayette, but then, you would only participate in three quick, linear, very limited battles. You would spend more time riding around, retreating, or sneaking around rather than fighting. So yeah, rather dissappointing when you see the trailers before you play this game.Despite that, it still is very fun and Connor is not the best protagonist, but if you take the time to accomplish side missions and engage in the interactive conversations, youll actually get to learn more about him and find his character to be more solid and present than you expected. Although, he couldve had a better voice actor. I wont give spoilers away so, if you want to know what happens in the story and how the Desmond storyline will end, play this. And the game runs fairly good on my laptop, with a decent frame rate of 2535 fps on normal graphics. Youll have a fun experience with this AC title, just not the one you anticipated if youre history buff or seen the advertisement for this game. Still though, had a blast.