Assassins Creed III is another solid entry to the series. While it has some negatives overall it is a strong entry and definitely feels like a numerical entry to the series after the Ezio trilogy.The game play does a great job of stream lining many of the elements introduced since AC2. No longer having to constantly hold one of the triggers helps make combat more smooth and brings it closer to the combat you experience in the Batman series by Rock Steady. Running through the forest adds a new element to the series and helped with immersion and felt fluid. It was the highlight of the game and makes you feel like a true assassin tracking prey through the tree tops and pouncing on them from above.The story does a nice job of moving things along and telling a coherent tale from both Desmond and Connors perspective. While you start as a different character for the rather long tutorial took me around 5 hours because I had to reach all the eagle views in Boston it does a fantastic job of setting up the game world and introducing you to characters you meet down the road. It also has an interesting twist that I did not see coming.The weakest part of the story I found was the main character Connor. The voice acting was flat and monotone. He seemed to grab on to the stoic Native stereotype and never let go of it. Most of the other characters gave at least passible emotional range but Connor seemed to have a cloud of ennuyeux about him.Other than Connor I really enjoyed the Desmond story line because it finally started to make some sense instead of being tremendously vague about what was going on and the Connor line had a number of twists and turns I truly did not see coming.If you are an Assassins Creed fan or just looking to jump into the series this is a great point to start. The game play is modern and the story is something to not miss. If you can stand having to listen to Connors inability to change the pitch of his voice no matter the circumstances you will enjoy the ride. 