I became a fan of Assassins Creed after playing the Ezio trilogy  AC2, AC Brotherhood  AC Revelations. I enjoyed all 3 games immensely  would highly recommend anyone who havent played AC to go buy these 3 games right now  play them back to back, they are so good!NEW REVIEWIn summary this is a great game  a must play for all AC fans.After spending almost 70 hours doing almost everything in the game possible, I have concluded that this is a really great game. Connor is a great character, the setting  story is good overall, the combat is brutal  I ended the game feeling satisfied with what I have achieved.However, Id like to give some advice on how to get full enjoyment for this game.First, bulldoze through the first 5 sequences of the game till you get to the fun part  Connor. The first 5 sequence serves as tutorial missions, theres a lot of hand holding  forcing you to play a certain way. It was NOT FUN at all. This was what made me gave up on the game earlier on. Its gonna take you about 46 hours to do it.Second, dont obsess over the optional objectives. If you do, it will SERIOUSLY LIMIT your fun  the tools  abilities given to you to complete the quests. You can challenge yourself, but dont fret if you dont 100 the optional objectives.Third, do the Homestead missions. These quests really flesh out Connors character which you wont see during the main game storyline. It will give you more weight  depth to your actions in the story.Fourth, play each sequence in one long sitting. Some sequences actually takes place within a very short timeframe like a battle  it was weird if youd skip out of battle to do some hunting or collecting trinkets or go sail the seven seas. Do those things, the Homestead missions, crafting, whatever that you want to do, in between the sequences.Fifth, collect all the Feathers earlier on  wear the Indian outfit throughout the game. Makes the struggle Connor go through in this game feels more real. At least thats how I feel.If youre thinking of getting this game, DO IT. But put some time into it, its worth it in the end.OLD REVIEWI cant say the same thing for AC 3. I was so pumped after finishing AC Revelations that I immediately went and bought AC3, expecting the same high quality gameplay, missions,  storyline of AC2 Trilogy. So far its been a huge disappointment. The parkour running over the rooftops of a city has been neutered because the houses in AC3 is too far apart, the combat is sooo confusing, the prompts for cover is small  unclear, plus a bunch of other things. The control that was perfect was changed to accomodate ... WHAT EXACTLY!? It was perfect before! I was just boreeed out of my mind in the first few hours of the game and just switched off to play another game.Ill get to a point where I will finish this game for the story, but if youre looking for your first AC experience, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! 