Raise your hand if you were looking forward to this games launch for months before it came out. Those of you with your hands down are liars. This game broke Ubisofts preorder record previously held by Assassins Creed Revelations and I know several people who bought it unfortunately none of them got it on PC do I dont have anybody to play multiplayer with. What Im saying is that there was tons of hype for this game, and I dont feel like it delivered on its promises.Dont get me wrong, I enjoyed the game a lot but based on the improvements that each game in the series has made, I was expecting more. They promised a huge, openworld game and I was expecting Skyrim with hidden blades. As it turns out there are only four areas total for you to run around in Boston, New York, the frontier, and the homestead which serves as your home base. There was plenty of side stuff for you to do in each of those areas, but none of them really seemed meaningful they didnt add to the lore of the game and they didnt give interesting rewards. Getting more money wasnt something that I was concerned with I had my hidden blades, my tomahawk, and my pistol. What more could I need? There arent any armor upgrades or even medicine to buy like in previous games regenerating health. I quickly stopped exploring altogether and only focused on doing the main story missions.The story wasnt a disappointment. It had plenty of twists some more unexpected than others and I enjoyed the return to the epic decadespanning narrative style similar to the one in Assassins Creed II. It is much easier to understand a characters motivations when you have been following his story from before his birth through his childhood and into early adulthood.You might notice that I said that the story started before Connors birth. That is because throughout the first few hours of the game you play as Haytham, Connors father. Many developers have gotten good at sneaking tutorials into plotcritical missions, and ACIII is a great example of that. Haytham and the other characters from the prologue are great I appreciate Haythams frank Britishness, Charles doorkicking enthusiasm, and Hickeys idiocy. As my friend Katie said after he said something especially ignorant, I wonder what it feels like to be that uneducated.I have always found the American Revolution fascinating, and I loved the missions that happened during major historical events like the Boston Massacre, the Boston Tea Party, and the midnight ride of Paul Revere. However, after those early events you stop interacting directly with the revolution. George Washington also didnt appear very often. I had been given the impression that he and Connor were going to become friends but he only appeared about four times throughout the game, and they were very brief encounters.Assassins Creed III is of course the climax of the the world is going to end on December 21st! arc and thus you get to spend some time outside of the animus learning more about the first civilization. Desmonds father is one of the people there with Desmond, and their rocky relationship comes up quite a few times. I thought that the ending was a little weird. Desmond was given a choice, but the player didnt get to affect that choice. I personally would have chosen differently, but its not like player choice has ever been something that Assassins Creed did anyway.I am worried that I am sounding way more negative than I mean to here. I had a blast playing this game. My favorite addition were the naval missions. These missions were so well done, so fleshed out that they could have been their own game. I am so glad that AC4 is mostly naval combat.Combat has also been vastly improved. It is much easier to attack continuously and counter incoming attacks, often turning these into combo kills. Connor attacks with a lot more ferocity and violence than Ezio or Altair.So yes, Assassins Creed III is definitely worth getting, but make sure that your expectations are realistic before you play it. 