Crap from start to finish...This game suffers from schizophrenia, there are too many stories going on.  You play as one guy Hatham at the start, then all the sudden you play as another guy Connor even still there is another guy you play as in modern times named Desmond.  Tacked on like a vestigal limb I suspect was some sort of beta for AC4 is a naval component that has nothing to do with the main game and there is no point in doing.What dooms this game is the garbage controls and interface.  Sure the game has alot of content, who effen cares about content if the game is unplayable though due to broken controls.  Its like buying an encyclopedia full of knowledge but written ina  language you cant read so at the end of the day its useless.  The freerunning sucks,, your character will frequently run in the wrong direction or jump into some spot you didnt want to go.  Even the classic climb real high and syncronize they messed up where you go to jump off and instead of swan diving into some hay will land and die right next to the hay.  The interface is terribad to select a weapon or tool requires holding a button and moving around and all this garbage when it coulda just been a wheel like any other game.  Not being able to play this game because of bad controls dooms its score right there.  The most important part of ANY game is being able to play it and this fails miserably like all AC titles on PC.Story  there is this part where the old man sits you down saying I have a story to tell you, grab a snack wait for the loading screen then he says now you know the story.  Where is the story there is none unless the loading screen was the story.  argh its such crap.  then at the end your forced to sit through a 20 minute credit sequence you cant skip, here is a link to the credits for all those gamers that love credits.Multiplayer  its dead but worse is ubisoft and their uplay have a microtransaction system for buying weapons and upgrades, what a joke, its like 50 for 2000 points.Buy this on console, the devs are nonexistant on the steam forums, or on their own forums, worse only a few months after the release on PC they terminated all PC support stating that the game is made for consoles so no more PC updates.  So missions are still broken where their bugged so bad they cant be finished, controls and multiplayer are broken without patches.  Since the devs dont bother with updates on the PC, dont bother buying it on PC just get it on console where the game works.There is a ghost glitch that can be triggered after the sequence returning from the animus to the cave creating the spirit of the animus before her appearance at the animus itself, see screenshots for details.Once again I am going to have to bow out of the cheese sandwich industry...Because in REALITY...I am an assassin!Console version  9/10  value  24.99Steam version     1/10  Value  4.99 broken controls doomed this game