Ive done my best to avoid any spoilers in this reviewAssassin Creed IIIs depiction of Revolutionary America is a joy to behold. Its too bad that it gets dragged down by technical flaws and uninteresting characters.I cant comment on the stability of the console version of this game, but the PC version certainly has issues. The game crashed and had to be restarted numerous times throughout my time with it. At the beginning the crashes were very frequent until I went online and found something that helped, but didnt completely resolve the problem. Here it isBeyond the crashes, I got stuck between a rock and a tree once and glitched through the roof of a horse drawn carriage and was unable to escape the inside of it. Some movements within the game were overly sticky in terms of climbing on objects when I didnt want to, or jittering on the top of a fence when Im clearly directing it to jump down. While it controls very similarly to past games, this is a small step backward for the series.A hallmark of the Assassins Creed series is its ability to recreate a historical time and place that feels alive and packed with places to explore. By and large, AC3 succeeds in that category. This is the most graphically impressive game in the series so far. There were numerous moments where I had to just stop and take in the scenery, particularly in the games Frontier region. At no point did I regret the change in setting from the vast cityscapes of the previous games in the series to this new rural wilderness.In fact, it was the cities of AC3 that held some disappointment. Perhaps this could be blamed on the setting. For instance, the historical architecture of 1700s America just cant hold up next to Jerusalem or Venice. Not only that but the people of the time were less colorful. Frontiers men and women ARE interesting, but compared to Italian Carnevale attendees? Despite those limitations I do think Ubisoft could have done a better job. There just wasnt enough variety throughout the cities to keep things interesting. Gone are the Mercenary, Romanies, and Thieves Guild buildings and their members roaming the streets. Gone are the purchasable shops and landmarks. Im not saying either of those were particularly compelling gameplay wise but they werent replaced by anything in AC3 and I think that resulted in a lack of depth and connection with AC3s New York and Boston.Perhaps my biggest disappointment was with the characters. Connor has a neat backstory being half British and half Native American. But as a character hes relatively flat, poorly voiced and comes off as childish at times you play as a young Connor at one point but Im referring to the adult here. The character I enjoyed the most is the one you play as in the opening few chapters of the game, Haytham. He has a charisma somewhat reminiscent of Ezio but is still unique as a character in the AC series. Unfortunately even his depiction is flawed over the course of the game. I found it baffling and unnecessary the way Haytham and his companions personalities and overall demeanors were changed quite dramatically as you switched from playing as Haytham to Connor. I understand that Ubisoft was likely trying to highlight how differently each character sees the world, but what they did was too heavy handed and ultimately dehumanized a significant portion of the cast of characters.Lorne Balfe did an admirable job with the soundtrack and Im glad it was included in the deluxe version of the game. However, hes no Jesper Kyd who composed for all the previous games. I admit Im biased in that Kyd is one of my favorite composers while Im not familiar with Balfe outside of his collaboration with Kyd on the AC Revelations OST.The 3 King Washington DLCs were a pleasant surprise to me. In them you gain animal spirit powers that can drastically change how you play the game. I had a lot of fun putting them to use. I wont be surprised if I find myself wishing I had the Eagle power available to me in future AC titles. The revisionist history that makes up the story is a fun reimagining of events. I was also satisfied with how they went about tying it in with the main story.I love the Assassins Creed series and I really enjoyed this game. But its hard deny that in a lot of ways the series took a step backwards with this iteration.