I dont think I can recommend this, but clearly there must have been some reason I kept playing it.After finishing AC3s main campaign last night, I feel like I basically spent 55 hours waiting for a payoff that never happened. There are some really interesting and innovative mechanics here, but I feel like the core mechanics of the series were lost or forgotten.Arguably the stealth mechanics of Assassins Creed have been questionable up until this point youre either hidden or not hidden with nothing in between. It seems like the game wasnt supposed to be about stealth  and maybe it wasnt! But instead of making those mechanics work better, they were all but removed. Even the scripted stealth missions feel like theyre more about finding the road some Loyalist commander decided none of the soldiers are not allowed to look at.The combat changes seem too cautious to stand out in the series, but notably the animations can be a lot of fun. The changes to the parkour mechanics, particularly the flow of certain movements such as ducking and vaulting, were really great. If there is any one reason to play this game, its the naval missions. The conservative innovation of this mechanic is probably the only reason Ill want to play this games sequel, Black Flag, anytime soon.I lost interest in the story pretty quickly. Way back in AC1, I couldnt help but feel for Desmond and I wanted to know more about his side of the story... by the second part of AC2, I was sick of hearing about it. The main part of the plot following Connor is restricted by actual history and seems to lack ambition. As for Connor himself, I feel like the writers had more love for pretty much anyone else. His character has depth and promises growth, but never really delivers it, making him a really interesting icon for the game itself. The antagonists and supporting cast, on the other hand, continued to surprise me until the end.By far my least favourite thing is the way the game ends...  Not the story bits, those were all right if perhaps underwhelming, but there was a 20 minute unskippable intermission of credits I didnt really want to read smack in the middle of them...  and there you have it, the perfect symbol for my experience this game. I enjoyed myself a bit, sat through a lot of things I didnt really care for because I felt like I had to, and then left a little disappointed by the payoff. 