Assassins Creed 3 was a boring, forgettable, and overall horrible experience to play through. As the third official installment of the franchise the game did not succeed in being any better, or even as good as the past couple of games.You play as Connor, a boring character who has no personality and is difficult for the player or any fan to like. As always the game is based off a revenge story and leads into other crazy stuff like killing all of the main templars the bad guys, and a few stupid plot twists and other boring stuff which is highly predictable. Thats about it nothing special. Hence the title Assassins Creed.The game takes place during the revolutionary war, which gave the game a huge opportunity to have big epic battles. But they screwed it up. No big surprise here! Due to the boring gameplay and boring linear environments which are as bland as Connors personality the game lacked in so much potential. Although the game is open world it felt really linear due to the story. The side missions are only ok yet again nothing special, but makes the game a little better in very few qualities.What really bothers me about the game and the franchise in general is that there is no solid stealth system besides hiding in bushes. WHICH IS COMPLETELY BROKEN AND POINTLESS!!!! How can you assassinate people when you cant even crouch! The gameplay mechanics are repetitive and quickly gets boring. Nothing special folks.One of the things I hate the most about this game, besides the horrible gameplay, crappy story, bad character development I can go on forever, Is Uplay. Why do you need a separate launcher for Ubisoft titles? Why not just add a launcher into the game? Honestly what is the point of this program? Not to mention the bad costumer service and horrible interface. I personally have had so many issues with this program to the point where I dont want to purchase any Ubisoft titles for pc.So please I am begging you to think twice before buying this game. Please take my sloppy written review as a warning before you waste money on complete trash unless you enjoy trash. If you really want to know what happens in the story watch a lets play or something else, and if you do want to spend your money on a bad game and make the same mistake I did, get it for console.Overall I give the game a solid 5/10.