Despite the criticisms from everybody everywhere about how repetitive and tedious the first Assassins Creed game was, I quite enjoyed it. I got everything except for those flags, because the only rewards were achievements. If they had included anything ingame, I quite likely would have gone and collected all of them, like I did with the feathers in Assassins Creed 2.Speaking of Assassins Creed 2, that game was great. I bought it for myself in the week of Christmas 2009 and had completely passed it by the New Year. It was an improvement in every way over the original.Then Assassins Creed Brotherhood came out Im not counting any of the handheld ones and was pretty much more of the same. It had a few improvements, the most significant of which was the ability to recruit other assassins and have them aid you in battle. I lost interest and never finished this game, but luckily Liam eventually got interested in the series and did it for me.After that came Assassins Creed Revelations, which added bombs and the hook blade. Which amounts to basically nothing. Liam played this one too.And now we get to Assassins Creed 3. While its true that this series has always been very storyfocused, I think this game is the first one that actually suffered for it. The past couple were excusable, because they were just detailing more and more of Ezios life and were like the Vice City and San Andreas of the Assassins Creed Series  similar games built on the existing engine but not quite proper sequels well, they were sequels, but hopefully you know what I mean.While Grand Theft Auto IV was completely different from the previous generation whether you think that was good or bad is irrelevant, Assassins Creed 3 was significantly less so. They mostly got rid of assassinating, and they included a  more of Desmond Mostboringandunlikeablecharacterever Miles, the plot framing device descended from all of the past assassins.If you havent played the previous games, give them a go, but only get this one if youre so interested in the story that you dont mind playing a much worse game.