So far it was the worst game of Assassins Creed. I got to this one quickly after going through AC2, AC Brotherhood and Revelations so one could say I had good compression to the older ones.Sadly apart from few new interesting features like sea battles I wont deny it game is bad, like 2/10 bad. Ships are amazing. But again this game is not a ship simulation. So sorry, but game about assessins where most of the time you cant choose how to kill an enemy and instead you are forced to watch cutsceen followed by Press LeftMouseButton indicator is not a good one. Just to compare in older ones of course you had this 100 sync objectives but still it was you who had to do running, sneaking, jumping, killing with those few restrictions to do them right way to gain 100. Now in most main quests its just press Forward and when you reach destination Press LMB. In addition to stupid and sometimes luck based restrictions to do this or that  in older AC games, those 100 sync restristions had some logic behind them now, mostly non.Thats the first and main let down, scripts and stupidity, I want to play not watch the movie and points that forces me to do something stupid just for 100 wont make me any more amused.Going further, freerun. Never ever was I so frustrated with AC game, our main character doing whatever he wants just because fu you, thats why.Fighting. They said we made easier interface, less buttons I said maybe just give us PLAY button if you dont want us to actually interact with game. In older ones you had to have some skill to fight now mehh even your grandma no offence can beat hell out of the enemies.100 sync requirements are based on luck too often which forces you to relunch missions again and again just to get the damn 100 sync.Maps, never less explored than now, and to be clear Im not talking about big forest maps Im talking about towns, boring, ugly and not challenging at all, I know better damn forests than towns...I could go on a lot longer about, capturing forts, how you can just openly attack them, about stupid AI, about bugged guards attacking you because you just walked next to them not in red zone and in incognito without reason...Good sides, yeah this game have few, sadly only few and not really adding anything to assassin part Ships  are amazing, but again as I said befor thats game about assassins not ships.Hunting  really nice, well done, sometimes unrealistic, but I wont complain, its game, sadly forgotten in mid and late game, sadly, because they could use it somehow in game.Economy caravans nice, but also, you will forget about them as fast as you got to know about them...Other Assassins  there are here, and well, you can say, they could gone as well. Not like in AC Revelations where they were an asset. Here they feel forced and useless.Plot  I like Desomnd part, whole thing with ancients but the part about our main Animus character is colourless, boring, plain. All plot twists big words... I dont know if you can say plot and twists in this case together p feel not right and makes you stay in game for just few more minutes. Also main character himself is deep like a puddle. Yet another frustrated guy without a plan, making stupid things EXACLY NOT LIKE ASSASSIN should do them... Not like Ezio, not like Altair, not like any other Assassin. Period.Summary Ships Forest and not city like zones? Hunting amusing for a short period of time, and sadly devs didnt use its potential  forgotten in mid and late game? Buy/sell via caravans nice, but you could not care less Scripts, scripts everywhere, cutsceens Press button for 5min straight periods Freerun Fighting too easy  with messed up movement and grabbing things you dont want to grab, annoying Stupid and luck based 100 sync requirements You wont feel like assassin, more like frustrated native American without plan Other assassins, could gone as wellSadly only 5/10 in my opinion. Seems like scraps of meat glued together with some fancy colour papers and shiny powder riding on amazing horse called Assassins Creed series. Great title, but nothing worth this name behind.