Sorry for the long review! Heres a rundown.OVERALL 6/10 The second worst game up until AC4.STORY 6/10 Poorest in the series excluding AC1.NONPLAYER CHARACTERS 9/10 Very strong.PLAYER CHARACTER 3/10 Disinteresting, very little customisability.GAMEPLAY 8/10 I liked this game engine, but it was perfected more in AC4.SETTING 3/10 Cities are dull and only the frontier is really interesting. Time period is one of the most boring if you arent American.MISSIONS 4/10 Often tedious and not exciting.SOUNDTRACK 7/10 Not outstanding, but very nice like in other AC games.LENGTHY REVIEWIve played the Assassins Creed Series since I begun gaming, with Brotherhood. After completing Brotherhood about 8 times and capping in the multiplayer, I worked my way about completing Revelations, the first game, and the second game. The first game I suppose was poor, but it lead to great things with the Ezio trilogy. When AC3 was announced, I really wasnt very fussed about it. This was originally because I personally like games set in older time periods, although I still considered getting the game once the price had gone down somewhat. What my friends said to me dissuaded me from it, as some of them are interested in the series just as much or more so than I am. When AC4 Black Flag was announced, I hoped it would be more appealing, and indeed it was! But after completing this wonderful game, I felt a sense of being incomplete, and considered maybe the game wasnt as bad as I thought.Recently, the game was on sale, and my girlfriend who had only owned AC4 so far bought it for cheap. She apparently had played it before, and I later learned shed actually completed it before, and she said it was a great game. I wanted to see what she was going on about, and it was cheap, so I bought the thing.I loved it at first actually, people complain about the whole tutorial part of the game, but I really think Haytham was a much more interesting character than anybody else in the game. He was intelligent, cunning and ruthless. Everything you want in a Templar, right? Unfortunately, playing in the open world was not properly allowed as Haytham, and soon enough id be placed in the shoes of some kid playing hide and seek. We then had a few cutscenes, and a village being burnt down, which was interesting, and I thought the plot would be restored again. It was, I suppose. The plot wasnt really that bad, it just wasnt interesting at the best of times. Before Connor becomes an Assassin, this short duration of time is really extremely tedious. I stopped playing for two days before returning.Like every AC game, the characters historically, not in the modern times have been very strong and entertaining. AC3 is no exception. Especially the Templars on show here. Well, Connor is an exception. He lacks the humour that Ezio and Edward have and has no redeeming characteristics. Each of the assassinations on the Templars are unfortuantely very boring and not exciting. The death of the final de facto boss was really quite stupid and wasnt as meaningful as I had expected and hoped. I think it says something when one of the most exciting parts of the game is a tea party.Most people seem to be saying that the controls of the game are clunky. I disagree, and this is the first time ive played an AC game on this platform. Folks say its glitchy too, but compared to Revelations and the brand new Unity, its not very glitchy at all from my experiences.My favourite part of the game was the homestead missions. I always liked building up villages in little IOS games, and I enjoyed the added bonus of meeting the characters who lived there and doing more interesting and immersive activites with them. The trading system that accompanies the homestead is frustrating, and youll have a much harder time making money than in other games. The game almost seems to have as many side missions as Brotherhood, but I really couldnt be bothered to do them, as they all seem very similar. I captured a few forts, but they are mostly identical and unlike the ones in AC4 are not exciting or rewarding. Very little is rewarding besides the homestead.Towards the end of the game I couldnt really be bothered anymore and I only pushed on because I liked the modern parts of the game a lot and wanted to see the end. I was unfortunately disappointed, as were many people, but to be honest I was expecting it really. Its not as bad as people say.Do I recommend this game?If you are American, you will probably love this game. Folks like their own history usually, especially you guys. Gameplay makes up for the poor story but the gameplay is wasted on Connor and his missions. I think its worth getting this game when its on sale, or if you have played the rest of the series, or are trying to play in order. I dont think you should skip it like I did, its still a good game and concludes Desmonds story nicely.Also, HMS Jersey is the ugliest ship ever to have sailed. C