Of all the Assassins Creed games, this arguably has the most negative press aside from Unity but thats another story.Connor is a bit of a neutral character, but he isnt likeable from a player perspective.  There could be so many good story arcs in Connor knowing only a native lifestyle and transitioning into a colonial life and being recruited by an Assassin.  Instead there wasnt even a transition, he just instantly fit in with the colonists like he lived with them since birth, and in 6 months he was an assassin, believing everything they believed, and hunting templars.  There was a bit of a revege story, but the way it was portrayed made connor look more petty than anything, and that was reinforced by constant childish outbursts.  By comparison, Ezios revenge story drove his initial actions, but he developed from that, and realized there were bigger, more important things.  That doesnt happen with Connor.  Finally, the facial profile Ubisoft used made Connor look like he aged 40 years between 1769, and 1773, then toward 1780 he looked younger again which was distracting.  In short Connor was a terrible protagonist with little redeemable character development.The main story missions are standard Assassins Creed with more open combat, and less assassination compared to AC 2, and Brotherhood.  Sort of makes sense considering its a war, but I think the best part of the AC2 series of games was that you actually used your Assassins blades.  The first 5 sequences at least seem like an extended training sequence to me, so thats at least 5 hours learning to play the game.  The reason I think this game is so disliked is because you dont care what happens next for the first 6 sequences, its only in the last half of the game that the story becomes intriguing.The Side missions are the most redeeming part of this game.  The Naval battles were heralded, and likely gave rise to AC4 Probably as good as AC2 in terms of story, play it.  Definitely play through all of those missions, theyre a blast.  Secondly, the Homestead missions in this game are the best of any of the series.  You get to the point to which you care what happens to those settlers.  At the end of the game, I would have much rather had a synopsis of what happened to those settlers than what happened to Connor.  The Captain Kidd missions also were fun to play.  The rest to me didnt really seem worth the effort.  Most of them dont even have dialogue, you walk up to them, and they say Thank You, and thats it apparently.So long as you are getting this game during an Ubisoft sale, which happens every 6 months or less, pick it up.  Its not a bad play once you get through the first half of the game.  Other than that, there are better AC games out there, so play those over again first.