THERE MAY BE SPOILERS AHEAD for those that havent played it yetContrary to peoples propaganda about how this was an awful game in the series, I truly loved it. Sure, in the beginning it is quite slow, because it is the origin story of an halfIndian child who grows up to be trained as an Assassin. And we seee a bit of his childhood  but all of that is very important because what happens when he is a child, will shape things to come.Before i get into some details about pros and cons, i will say the main game had no bugs, unless you count some instances in the Frontier where you are climbing rocks and it seems like the Assassin has hit a wall. But that is easily overcome by going elsewhere. It isnt gamebreaking at all.CONS One big question mark resources that are collected when you do missions in the Frontier, for example that unlock resources like wood, meat, other produce, metals et cetera, dont have any use other than gaining achievments in the game. Such as the achievment for sending convoys to NY or Boston?. certain objectives which allow you to gain Full Syncronization are kind of pointless in terms of the specific part of the story which you are playing through during a memory. Certain objectives, for example, like destroying a certain number of ships INSIDE the bay dont progress the story. And if you dont achieve full syncronization in that memory, you still get to see, and paricipate in, ALL of the story line in the real world when you finish each section of the story, unlike previous AC episodes where you had to have full syncronization everywhere in order to find all the symbols on buildings to unlock recordings. On the other hand you can consider this a good thing since for people who arent good at these games, may find that having mandatory full syncronization extremely frustrating. using rifles since I obviously used the PC version thank God, becuase i loath consoles you sparingly use large firearms, and you may forget how to use them. By the way use E to aim at explosives or a specific enemy and then use Q to fire it. Consequently with your small firearm, you can just fire automatically with Q as long as the enemy that you want to kill is highlighted and press R to reload any firearm Similarly, you can fire your arrows in the same manner no reload needed, obviously. not so much a consequence if youve upgraded your ship turning toward an enemy ship without a rudder upgrade will require quick thinking and good steering.PROS The Story is very enjoyable. From the beginning you start off slowly and it builds and builds until you reach a bittersweet climax I have similar feelings for the DLC Without collecting resources and sending convoys to other cities, you are able to collect enough Pounds to fully upgrade your ship, and still have several thousand Pounds left over for bribes for example. There are enough chests around after you finish the Epilogue missions for more ammunition, and a bit of cash if you feel like just going around and killing Regulars. I found out that the people who complained about AC3, saying that AC4 is better for having ship missions, were lying through their teeth. The ship missions are very enjoyable, especially when you use different types of ammunition with the cannons.And the biggest positive aspect of the game the real world missions. Ever since I played the previous games in the series i was hoping to God that they would give us missions with Desmond Miles. And by God they delivered!! The real world missions arent overly complicated for nongamers, but still fun. Lets hope in future games they give us an assassin story that is set in a modern city...All in all, the positive things of the game outweigh the small negative things.Now im off to hunt for the special edition with flags and other goodies! 