Set in the midst of the American revolutionary war and released during the period in which developer Ubisoft Montreal was scrambling desperately to find a way to finish off the franchise having cut the actual interesting story off a little to early,is a convoluted mess in a different way than that of its predecessors. Rather than the entrepreneurial opportunities of,andhenceforth referred to as the Ezio games,goes for theapproach of cram our halfbaked narrative into as many historical events as possible, as prominently as possible even if it means introducing massive time jumps that are at odds with the central plot device. Ah, yes, Desmond and co. are now searching for the key to a First Civilization temple in the memories of his ancestor Haytham Kenway, a debonair British killer tasked with travelling to British colonies on the east coast of North America to locate the temple itself. Upon arriving in Boston, Kenway meets a young Charles Lee literally as he steps off the boat, and from here begins recruiting young men arbitrarily all wellknown historical figures to what we assume is the cause of the Assassin Order for the games entire first act.Cool, this makes a lot of sense, we need to find the key, we know Haytham has it, so we just find out where it ended up, very nice. Except for some mysterious reason, once Haytham does find the temple, it turns out he cannot open it and we jump forward ten years to meet Ratonhnhakton,. Why? We dont know. This would be fine if it actually enhanced the story in any meaningful way, but all that really happens is. Meeting this Assassin, our hero is dubbed Connor and taught all the skills required to be a master assassin without so much as a montage. Only at this point does Connor confront the powerful colonial Templars, whose schemes range. The game is so far past the setup phase by the time it kicks off in earnest that the franchises signature mapfilling sidequests inevitably fall by the wayside because by the time youve gotten around to liberating all the districts from British control youre probably already done with the main story.Its too bad the writers didnt commit to Haytham as a protagonist, because hes far and away the best character in the game, with all the sharp wit and barbed remarks of Ezio from Assassins Creed II delivered with some phenomenal voice work by Adrian Hough. Connor being introduced isnt just disappointing because of how great Haytham is the whole changeover is handled horrendously, with all of Connors development and progression as well as all the potential for an interesting character going out the window, handled through actual monologues by him basically saying and then I trained to be an assassin for many years and now Im fantastic. The overall structure is obviously difficult to handle, what with needing to have introduce who Haytham is and what hes about, but its hard to see how it could have been handled worse. It sucks that, but it takes him something like 9 years in the game to actually bring this up again in a way that would imply its bothered him. In the end the revolutionary war itself is secondary to Connors weird, angry obsession with killing Charles Lee since the twist is thatConnors obsession with protecting a village weve seen exactly twice also falls by the wayside in the end, meaning that during the last few missions there is actually no motive to the weirdly prolonged assassinations.Speaking of which, lets get into that juicy, juicy gameplay criticism.takes few risks on the gameplay front, with a handful of hitandmiss mechanics tacked onto an existing formula of run around, climb on things and win fights with obscene amounts of armed, formally trained enemies who will attack you one by one. Combat has been simplified from, relying more heavily on counters and slowing the game speed to a crawl to let you choose what type of counter you want to use. The trick is enemy types differ only in their resistance to specific types of counter the Boston Brawlers series of fighting tournamentstyle sidequests becomes pitifully weightless after you figure out that every enemy that isnt crippled by disarmcountering their every attack loses quickly to being countered near breakable objects. This, combined with the huge time gap between musketwielding soldiers taking aim and actually firing, makes for a combat system that makes it easy to win fights of any size without taking a hit. Im not sure when or whyturned into a brawler, but it really shouldnt have. When you are forced into a nowobsolete stealth approach, the best way to go is with gratuitous abuse of the only new stealth mechanic  hiding in any tall grass or foliage automatically. Stealth kills from the grass instantly hide the bodies and no matter how many bodies you stack up in a single bush, their friends wont spot your cluster of corpses. Tall grass often spreads out over large areas, essentially giving you free range of forts for easy infiltration. It almost seems like stealth was an afterthought  like the developers would have rather made a game where you just roam large forests and look at all the animals theyve put there. Ill admit, the frontier is a really great location. Freerunning in the trees is something a little different, and stalking patrols from above before springing on them with rope darts is admittedly pretty cool. Sounds like a great location for a franchise that has historically focused on largescale free roam, right? What could go wrong?Im not kidding, if you want a reason to explore this exciting new type of location youre going to have to run around chasing all the little fetch quests that litter the map like patches of bland, fillercentric acne. New York still sounds like a cool city to roam around in on paper, except when you consider than in the 1770s the average New York building was about as tall as my attention span is long.Handsdown the best part ofis the naval combat, which is slowpaced enough that you can consistently be effective while still quick enough to be more action than strategy. There are a few too many try not to hit the rocks! sequences, but the fights themselves are good they are at least good enough that Id much rather play the naval missions than anything else in the cluster that is this game. Nothing illustrates this more than the fact that the follow up,, was the best game the franchise had since 2009. Once you start spending more time sneaking up on and subsequently assassinating the local fauna than actual enemies, you know youve gone way too far into the ing about in a historical setting for the game to even be salvageable. 