6/10 a great departure from past gamesstory wiseit greatly contrast the previous games, it ultimately is a revenge story with no redeeming qualities. past games focus on bringing up of assassins creed and its code, here its a barebones revenge story, the main protagonist is a selfish child like stubborn person that isnt relatable at all.gameplaywise its really iffy controls. it really feels like a console port and little more. if you HATED the collection part of previous Assassins Creed games, you most likely not like this game, here half of all side missions are collecting/finding things, previous games only had 1 or 2 collecting missions like collecting feathers and treasure chests, here itstreasure chestalmanac pagestrinketsPivots post gameNow that you can hunthunt/collectanimal X, Y number of times keep in mind you have to do this in several ares of the game not just one area, for example, collect 5 deer skins in fontier area A, keep in mind there are other areas so you would be collecting 5 deer skins several times.its kinda sad. this hunting/organic aspect part of the game was tooted as the next step in the series but it just feels sloppy/unecessary. they either needed more time or focused more on the gameplay and story, but in the end you find yourself fast traveling between areas and not bothering traversing the area its too large and not interesting..one thing that bug me the most is that you never influenced the world around you. in previous titles you would buy shops, earn money buy property, build up assassins dens and a small army of assassins, the city felt alive/organic, you shaped the city.Here, nothing. it feels that you have no influence on the world, there would be a pivotal moment/mission and nothing happens afterwards, the world at the beginning of the game is the same at  the end the game. you actions changed nothingREALLY STUPIDSlight spoiler Alertthe Final mission is a chase sequence literally you chase the bad guy, and the story resolves in a cutscene. no fight/battle, a great departure from previous titles where the final was a 3 part series of chasing scenes, sneaking or fights between several enemies or the main antagonist. Again there is no Final fight/battle with the main Antagonist. you feel cheated on the whole experienceOverallthe game is a clunky console port  with servere gameplay flaws.the story was average at best.they tried their best but it felt like they forced alot of thing from previous titles that didnt work here and added new feature that seemed unecessary or clunky at best.a collection/completionist fetish really affects gameflow.The game just isnt fun. feels more like you are fighting with it than enjoying it. I wouldnt recommend it to a friend if they wanted to try an AC game id recommend AC 2 or Brotherhood. 