Assassins Creed 3. Technically the 5th game in the main series, but I guess since they didnt want Ezio being the protagonist in a title called AC3 they gave the previous 2 games subtitles instead of AC3. Anyways, this game was released in 2012 and is considered by a lot to be the worst Assassins Creed game along with Unity and Syndicate. Do I think that? well lets see.The story begins with Haytham Kenway obtaining a key by killing an assassin in an opera house, he then travels to America to find the precursor site which can be opened with the key. He comes across other Templars such as Thomas Hickey, Charles Lee, John Pitcairn, William Johnson and Benjamin Church. Haytham realises the key doesnt open the precursor site, so they move onto other things. During Haythams journey, he meets a native american woman called Ziio, who he marries and has a child with. That child is none other than the assassin advertised for the game, Connor Kenway. Who at a young age watches his mother and village burn because of Charles Lee. Connor is sent to train with Achilles, who we know is exiled in his own house after the events of Assassins Creed Rogue. Connor is trained and fights for the freedom of America and his own native people. He is tasked in stopping Haytham and all the other Templars. He prevents William Johnson from taking land off of Connors people, John Pitcairn from killing generals, Thomas Hickey from killing George Washington and Benjamin Church from stealing supplies. During his journey he comes across Haytham and tries to form a truce between Assassins and Templars, however this is stopped when Connor finds out that George Washington, the man who Connor has saved countless times, was actually the one responsible for destroying Connors village and killing his mother and was about to try again. Connor no longer works with George and soon after, kills Haytham after searching for Charles. Charles Lee, knowing he cant escape Connor, lets himself be killed. At this point, Achilles has also died and Connor just sort of stops doing anything after his people are driven out, the assassins are still gone, meaning Connor failed. Theres not much to talk about for Connor, but honestly, unlike the other AC games, this relies heavily on the modern day story. So lets talk about that.After waking up from a coma, Desmond uses the apple to open the precursor site that Ezio had shown him in a memory, which happens to be the same site Haytham was looking for. So Desmond uses Connors memories to search for the key which Haytham had. However they also need to find batteries to power up the temple. Desmond finds these in Brazil and Manhattan, however another is found in Egypt but Desmonds father, William, goes to find it. While this happens, William is captured by Abstergo Industries who demand the Apple in return for William Miles. Desmond goes back to Abstergo and kills Warren Vidic which btw is the best thing ever because that old git has beenme off since AC1. They return, power up the temple then Desmond is left with a choice. Either save the world from ending by sacrificing himself, but releasing Juno or letting the world burn and he would survive and start the population again. If Desmond let option 2 happen, he would become like a prophet, his words would be used for wisdom, then violence, sorta like religion today, where peaceful words are sometimes used to justify murder. Desmond chooses to sacrifice himself since option 2 is just letting 7 billion people die. Desmond dies, the end. What do I think of this game? its an amazing final chapter of the Desmond saga and finally closes a story which began in AC1 with Desmond, Lucy and Altair, expanded with Ezio and now finally closes with Connor. This game has been out for 5 years and I still think its quite good in terms of story.The gameplay has changed compared to the typical AC1ACR gameplay that weve had for a while... and its not really the best, it can sometimes be finnicky and the naval combat in this game is absolutely , I would have more to say about the gameplay, but by this time, theyve already perfected this style of gameplay with AC4 Black Flag and AC Rogue.The music is absolutely fantastic. We no longer have Jesper Kyd composing the music, but Lorne Balfe, who helped Jesper Kyd with the AC Revelations soundtrack, and theyve done a great job in making some of the most memorable AC music in a long time.So how does this game hold up after 5 years? pretty damn well, its probably my 5th favourite AC game, purely for its story, I think this game gets a lot of unnecessary hate. Connor is hated because hes boring however I think this is because people had a hard time letting go of Ezio and Altair, since they had been in several games and you pretty much played through their entire lives. But I like Connor, hes interesting and has one of the most depressing stories. When this game ends, its not happy at all. He loses everything, his friends, his parents and his people. Its a shame Ubisoft gave him adeath which was leaked in Unity or something. I will admit the cities are really boring in this game compared to what we got in AC2 or Brotherhood. But other than that and the slow start to the story, this game is great and is definitely up there with some of the other great AC games. Its definitely one of the games which started the fall of AC though. If I were you, Id buy this in a sale. I got it for 7.