One of the best 18th century naval combat simulators ever plus the weather effects on the high seas were spectacular, annnnd that is about where my praise runs out for this game. I wanted to like this game i truly did but in my hours of playing I just never could admit I was having fun except for the naval portions those were excellent.The game starts out well enough with a great character that you like and want to continue playing as, the sad part is that this is actually the antagonist of the game and not Connor.SpoilerYou find out you have been playing as Connors father Laytham who is actually the leader of the Templars in AmericaSpoiler ends.You then play as Connor and honestly he was one of the worst parts of the game. Maybe this was the designers fault or a personal dislike of Connors consstant doe eyed innocence to the world around him even though he is constantly being rebuked not only by foes but by his own mentor. On top of that he is just a forgettable character and his motivation for becoming and Assassin is pretty standard revenge. Moving on from Connor we come back to Desmond and the scifi aspect of the first civ. Desmond has changed but not exactly for the better he has seemed to have lost the depth he gained in precious games and has exchanged it for a personallity that would most likely be of an angry teenager not a grown man who knows the world is at risk. Also the way that the whole Desmond story is finally concluded felt rushed and shoe horned in to say the least.To the more technical aspects the cities and setting are very beautiful but they grow very stale and boring after a short time I would really like to know how the trees grew to provide a clear parkour path it is a miracle of nature. There are multitudes of mini objectives and collectibles but they tend to either do close to nothing or unlock a new set of robes for Connor. Oh and about the Assassins robes you do not get those till you are almost 2/3 of the way done with the game. There are some framereate problems and some texture popping caused by the lack of the game taking advantage of multiple cores instead of just one. Oh yes and be prepared for pointless and badly implemented additional objectives during missions to get full sync. By the fifth time of having to restart a mission to try and get full sync I finally said to  hell with it and just started playing the game how I wanted. Though as a gamer whenI see that big red X pop up it did mess with me and I of course would try multiple times again to get full sync. An example of a poorly implemented extra objective was during a chase scene through a crowded city it was Do no shove anyone while chasing the target. This caused me frustration on a massive scale. Not only does the target run straight through crowds without knocking anyone down or slowing down he also throws down money to make it extra difficult for you. This is what I mean by badly implemented extra objectives things that are just put in to pad out the play time.To sum up this is not a game that was rushed out but it feels like a game that was rushed out to meet a deadline for the holidays. Wait till this game drops quite a bit in price I would say get it around 1520 dollars. 