Assassins Creed III is the fifth game in the franchise and takes a completely new twist to the series by going to colonial America. You play as Connor Kenway a native American who trains to be an assassin in order to get revenge for his mothers death. You also play as his father, Haytham Kenway, at the start. Along the way you, Connor, ignite the fires of the American revolution and decide to help them purely because the Templars are helping the British. This entire idea feels pointless though because the patriots and Washington decide to burn your village so at the end you turn on them, whilst you see Templars killing royalists. Yeah Connor messed up...The game introduces a new mechanic to its free running in the frontier sections, with the ability to climb trees and use these instead of rooftops. This is great and well executed but feels limiting, very streamlined, and is pointless seeing as most of the time nothing happens in the frontier. The rooftop free running is still there however guards detect you almost instantly and it kin  of discourages going on the roof, meaning you spend most time on the ground. This feels wrong for an assassin game, even more so with the fact you stand out wearing the assassins robes at least Altair could hide among priests. The combat is great however after a while it feels repetitive as guards do the same moves, whether patriot or royalist, whether highlander or officer. Also you are so overpowered in this episode of the assassins creed franchise.The story is quite interesting and very in depth however Connor has no emotion or charm like the other assassins. He is quite plain, particularly when compared to his father who plays the relaxed aristocrat. In addition, every time you get somewhere good in the story Desmond shows his face and you have to endure half an hour of modern day pointless Desmond. The ending is boring and the credits last 20 mins, you cant even skip them. The beginning isnt great either, with a long tutorial, it takes about 5 hours before you even get the assassin robes. The lockpicking system is horrible just copy Skyrim for goodness sake and overall the game feels clunky and rushed particularly the anticlimatic battles.However, as a history buff and a fan of the colonial era I felt at home with the game. I did get annoyed with the historical inaccuracies there are a lot however there were a few nods to people such as myself within the story. I felt as though the story itself was good, it was fun to go on killstreaks, the naval combat wasnt too bad and the graphics lived up to their standard. The seasonal and time changes were a joy and it was nice to see so much content the hunting is an example of this, it had a lot of content but really was just pointless.Overall I enjoyed AC 3 however I feel as though the game is only enjoyable to people who appreciate the era and who dont over hype it.6/10.