This game was released in 2012, wasnt a gamer then...now playing it on a high end PC feels still new and fresh, of course there are differences in the graphical options Ex HBAO  with current gen games but still this runs like a heavy graphical game.ProsPlaying for 88 hrs made me analyze this game in a very detailed manner comparing this game with the current AC games. Campaign story feels solid with the introduction of Ratenkhaoeke or Connor Kenway s/o Haytem Kenway. The journey which Connor takes to make him a full fledged assassin is awesome. For a 2012 game, the graphical aspect of the game is breathtaking. Shout out to the team in Ubisoft for bringing such a game. Its still a very high ended game that requires a decent graphic card to run on high setting as well a good system to sustain the game and for multitasking purpose. Missions are well balanced, the money system is more balanced that the current AC Games, AC Unity  2 million franc AC syndicate 270,000 pounds in a/c. Naval missions and DLCs are fun extra part of the game. choice of outfits and weapons are reasonable, though AC Unity was the best in terms of weapons choices. Recruitment and side bodyguards are useful in big missions or fighting multiple enemies or tough enemies Ex Grenadier or Hessian Combat mechanism is fast and engaging though personal preference of Assassins Creed RogueCons There is still lots of glitches in the game, sometime combat mechanism of countering an enemy doesnt work , thus usage of secondary weapons become necessary People who had issues with Uplay being outdated didnt think about installing Uplay first then installing the game through steam, and this wasnt notified to steam for an alternate way to play AC III. Levelling the artisians is explained no where in the game, I had to browse through IGN and steam community to get the solution. Multiplayer seems new and odd, doesnt look interesting, maybe i am not used to it.Overall this is a must buy game if you are a Assassins Creed player or someone new to the community who wants to try this gameCheersMax