Assassins Creed III is a game of many flaws, but at the same time, it isnt a bad game in itself.The plot is about a man known as Ratonhnhakton, a native American, who is on a great important mission in which he searches for a man known as Charles Lee to protect his people and take revenge following the burning of his village. However, before this, you play as Haytham Kenway, who goes through a somewhat long and controlled tutorial. Fortunately though, these memories introduce nearly all of the major gameplay mechanics, and feature some of the best developed characters in the game. Other major plot elements include Desmond making a massive choice that he doesnt get to make, involving some end of the world situation, and him building his relationship with his angry father. Some characters, especially the leading Templars in the Animus sections are quite well developed, and all the cast are very well voice acted, with some brilliantly written dialogue, especially between Haytham and Connor in the scenes that they share. However, sometimes the plot sometimes feels wafer thin, most characters are very well developed, with exception to some of the historical figures, such as George Washington, and sometimes Connors naivety can become annoying, especially to those with proper hindsight to what becomes of his people, and the templars again, Haytham come across as more likable, which doesnt help. Despite this, the game tells its story well across the gameplay time, even if it does seem to develop very slowly.Graphically, the game is extremely appealing, with high detail models and cloth physics, with large expansive environments and areas. However, certain areas in the game will stutter all over the place regardless of settings and setup due to classic Ubisoft PC porting. Although it doesnt make the game unplayable, it is extremely noticeable in some areas within the game., and can completely ruin a session, regardless of hardware.The audio is well designed. As mentioned above, the voice acting is solid allround, and the OST is well done for the game as well. The music changes based on where you are, how many enemies are nearby, or how many are in open combat, and whether you are fighting or running from them. The OST is brilliantly done, and these little features help build on the gameplay and atmosphere.However, the parkour within the cities is a letdown, compared to both its predecessors due to less to climb on and fewer landmarks compared to its predecessors. Because of this, the flow is different, and this doesnt work well in this game because outside of the frontier tree jumping, you feel awfully grounded compared to earlier and later assassins. Naval combat is this games big addition, and this is the great contribution of AC3. The naval combat plays well, and was ripe for expansion, which thankfully, Ubisoft did in some of the later games. Outside of assassining its not a word yet you can build on Davenport Homestead and make loads of money. However, this is pointless as money is practically worthless, due to a lack of things to spend it on.Overall, this is a weaker game in the series. That isnt to say that it is a bad game though. There is a lot of crap on Steam, and this is not one of those crap games. The length is good and the game plays well, and in many departments, the game still excels far above the average.