I give the game a 9/10 Superior combat system and a main character who I could actually support, with a story with actual morale grays, a huge upgrade from 2 ducks for cover. Unfortunately unpolished in a rush to release before the apocalypse in the plot becomes outdated. What follows after this may contain spoilers, be warnedHmm...where to begin, well the beginning seems as good a place as any.I started out quite frustrated with it, Haytham barely seemed better then Ezio Please note, I never played Brotherhood or Revelations, because I hate Ezio, he represents everything I despise about playboys and is effectively nothing more then a skilled stereotype. The gameplay seemed improved, I was a huge fan of the new combat system, though I wish theyd stop telling me when to parry. For the first three sequences, I was picking up hints that Haytham was evil, partially because I didnt want him to be the main character of the story, but mostly because they were there.Then we found out he was a Templar and I fistpumped.Ill admit the first couple memory sequences with Connor before you get your Hidden Blades are tedious, but the same can be said for Ezio. I was bored in places, but tree running and the atmosphere of Connors village were EXCELLENT, as well as Charles villain speech which broke my heart as he was the NICE one before. Connors mothers death really hit me in the heart. As we continued to see Connor develop, as a genuinely goodhearted seriously? my autocorrect tried to make that goosehearted, gonna have to disable that honest guy who wants to protect his people and do the RIGHT THING, I began to actually like him. I can only figure Ezio was loved by so many because he was charismatic, but honestly, he always felt fake to me. He was a selfish, revenge driven, arrogant, selfish, spoiled brat with enough word skill to get people to like him. Connors humble morality was thus refreshing.I mean, someone who places some actual value on human life! Wow! Thats a change from the quippy moraley bankrupt mass murderers of the past games!Connors story really breaks my heart, more so then any game Ive played and yes, I have played Bioshock Infinite. I havent played the Last of Us or Walking Dead, but meh, zombies.. The scene with Achilles death was the first time a video game has actually managed to make me cry. Connor loses everything, but keeps on pushing, and keeps on fighting, because somebody has to.