I just finished the game on a 100 Sync completion, which means Ive done literally everything you can do in this game. Assassins Creed 3 is a great game overall though it has its problems.Pros The Protagonist. Connor is as badass as the previous assassins and the most brutal yet. You care about him and his motivations because you experience his tragedy at his young age and want as much revenge as he does. The Story. Even though the story can drag a little bit during the mid section of the game, Assassins Creed 3 still has in my opinion the best antagonists so farnot counting the games that has come out after this one. The characters are well acted, you understand Connors and the templars motives even better in this game and that makes it for an even more intriguing experience. The World. The game takes place during the American Revolution. You can roam freely in New York, Boston and the Frontier where the indians and most of the war takes place. You also have your little hometown called Davenport Homestead which you build up from the ground. Fighting System. So many new weapons and cool moves you can do in this game which makes for an even more fluid gameplay and rewarding gameplay experience. Last but not least the naval sections. This was the best part of the game, no wonder why they made a whole gameBlack Flag based on the reactions from the naval gameplay.Cons Gitches. As I played through the game, i stumbled upon many glitches mainly in the frontier. They were not game breaking though, only annoying at best. Side Quests. Some of them were nice though the rest are garbage. Its just about going around in different maps and picking up feathers or unlocking chests like in the previous ones. Not fun at all. This is also very time consuming. If you skip most of the sidequests and only go for the good ones and the story, then youll get about 3040 hours gameplay. Hunting. Even though Its fun to go around hunting in the frontier, it still feels useless because the only thing you can do is sell or craft mostly useless stuff from this. It gets old fast. Horses. I hated the damn horses in this game. They were so annoying to roam around with, ESPECIALLY in the Frontier. Such a bad coded horsie. I ran most of the time instead of using the damn horses.If the sidequests were good and actually added something to the overall story, if hunting was more meaningful than it is and without the glitches Id probably give this game a 10/10 though because of all this I give it a solid 8/10. Its worth a playthrough though, especially for AC fans who has skipped on this game before like I did.