This is one of my favorite franchises at the moment, so take your time to read it all, as it come from a real fan of the series.Assassins fight for freedom and free will, and this is what you dont get from this game. Starting in Brotherhood, Ubisoft implemented optional objectives. Optional objectives are optional as the name says, but if you dont met the criterias you dont sync with the Animus 100. That means, for players like me that want to be perfectionists, these objectives are kind of mandatory. An example of this system is Main objective Kill the enemy Optional Kill him using air assassination. Now, with that in mind, you could kill your target like a stealth ninja on the ground, using a hiding spot, or trying to be Superman and fight all the guards during the way. Guess what? Ubisoft dont care and they want you to kill using air assassination, screw your free will. Well, this is bad for me at least. Assassins Creed III made it even worse they added a LOT of optional objectives that keep showing up during the mission. I was at some points that I just needed to pass through X situation, but I stayed or restarted the checkpoint to met a stupid criteria just to met the 100 sync bonus. Some people might think this is sort of a challenge or hard mode, well, it is supposed to be, but some optional objectives are just stupid and takes away your freedom to decide how to complete a task. However, if you ignore them you might do just fine. I couldnt.Back to the game, the plot continues from Revelations and now youre on a new timeline playing Connor during US independence which is awesome. Of course hes not Ezio, but hes a good character after all and I liked him. The beginning of the game is a massive tutorial, which is unavoidable for experienced players, as the game teach you everything you know during the storyline. You feel youre in a tutorial until around Sequence 5, and thats over hours of play. After this the game starts to feel better.About the gameplay, Ubisoft developed a new engine for this game if Im not wrong, which affects a lot of stuff, but mostly noticeable in free running/parkour and fighting. It is good, however it feels rushed. Some stuff just doesnt feel right and during some missions or free running you can get stuck in places youre not supposed to. The game is full of cinematics, mainly in the beginning, which makes it feel like a movie sometimes. Some tools are not available anymore, like bombs and improved darts and even those left are next to useless. This includes Eagle Vision, which you use maybe 3 times during the entire game. Also, assassins have new abilities, which you will use just a few. Some are new, some are just reworks of what courtesans and thieves did in the previous games. I liked more the way assassins worked on Revelations, but thats just me.I want to speak good of this game, but its hard. This game is closer to Assassins Creed II than the previous titles, however, like I said, small details did not make my playtime as enjoyable as I would like. The game is long if you choose to do side quests, unlock all the 6 assassins, etc. With no spoilers, the ending is, like always OMGWTFBBQ, kind of continues on next game. However the epilogue of Connor made me feel the love for the game again. Its a simple and short epilogue, yet it summarizes what Connor was up for.Like I said, Im a huge fan of Assassins Creed series. If I wasnt, I might have stopped playing the game before finishing it. The game is great and if you like the series you should play it and I strongly suggest that if you dont mind 100 completion, avoid completely optional objectives, itll make your playtime much better.