Assassins Creed 3 is seriously my favorite Assassins Creed game and one of my top favorite games EVER...I had originally owned this for the Xbox 360, had well over 100 hours, and played the entire game through easily 10 times.It comes as a turn off though to many because a lot of die hard AC fans found this story lacking in connection to Connor and the characters and found it boring even.I am... very confused on how people think so because for me, this game has a story that breaks my heart on a whole other level. I love the cynical Haytham but much like his father, Connor is complex. He is one of the few character I had played at the time it came out that I could connect with on a WHOLE other level. I felt his pain and his dreams to better the world around him to save his village.I called Connor by his given name, Ratonhnhakton, all too often after playing my second time through.For me, AC3 was something new from the original AC games. For me honestly felt less connection in Assassins Creed 1, 2, brotherhood, and revelations. Even Unity. I felt some in Black Flag but that may be just because I loved the Kenway Saga in full.For me there was just something of a gem in Assassins Creed 3. Perhaps because I loved the early take on Colonial America and throw in the twist of Assassin vs Templar. The flair and new mechanics were fun, I loved teh feel of being a colonial. I loved exploring the wilderness and taking part in just getting lost wandering at some points or just going on a hunt for Redcoats. The enviorment was also at points dark, not so shiny and show off, and for many it was dull but I thought it was a nice closing to the story of Desmond and it was unique. One doesnt find that all so much in the following games per say. Plus for me, I loved Adrian Hough as the voice of Haytham and Noah Watts I actually enjoyed a lot as well.... there was a sense of purpose he brought to the character I felt, and even if he was perhaps the most colorful voice actor, I think he was perfect in capturing Connor as he truly is.For me, and maybe even the few that loved it too, the open world and exploration one could do to cause chaos was... exciting. I didnt feel as though the slower points of the game were a drag. I didnt need the fast paced rush or the absolute colorful feelings of AC4 for AC3. This just wasnt a game I feel needed all that. Especially being its the game that ends Desmond and allows for the future games to flourish. The story of a Native American who helps to try and create the imerging America is inspiring. I was in tune every time I played the game over and now I can relive the story a few more times. 