Story/Plot/SettingThe game gives you a quick intro of what happened in the previous installments to those who may be new to the series. While it does a decent job, I would still highly encourage you to start from Assassins Creed II at least and work your way up, as youll be robbing yourself of the thrilling experience that is the Ezio Trilogy. However, if your interest is in the past setting or storyline, you at least will not be lost for the most part.The Desmond plot and present setting in this game is definitely the most involved and fleshed out of the series, to the point where there are actual gameplay sections, which Ill talk about in the next section. We find Desmond out of his animus coma, going to different parts of the world to find different keys to help Juno, a precursor to life before humanity. Its certainly an interesting new take on the modern sections in terms of story, and how the modern plotline wraps up will certainly surprise you... if you havent played Assassins Creed 4 Black Flag yet PLEASE DONT! I encourage you to find out yourself by playing the games in order if you still have yet to play the series.The past storyline is interesting and certainly a treat to those who have a vested interest in American History. You interact with key icons that helped shape the American Revolution and the United States, although not in the same capacity as say Ezio had with Da Vinci in the earlier titles. You begin the story as Haythem Kenway, an experienced assassin with intriguing motives. His section was quite long and involved taking me about three or four hours to finish, and helped to shape the rest of the game when you later take control of his son, Connor, whose mother was Native American. Dare I say I found Haythem a much more compelling character than his son. Connor, however, I feel gets too much of a bad rap for... well... not being Ezio. Connor is not nearly as charismatic or charming as Ezio or even as much as his father. I do feel, however, this was necessary to the story, as english is a secondary language to Connor, and his culture is exceedingly different from pretty much any character in the series even to date. His personality is more in his body language and facial expressions than in his speech, which I should give much credit to the animators and graphical artists who certainly helped with this achievement. Connor is still a well written character who grows in his experiences as the game progresses and the people he interacts with helps shape him into the man that he is.Gameplay/Content/ControlsThe core gameplay remains and is refined upon in this installment. Combat is more fluid than it ever was, and new takedowns have been added when attacked by several assailants. This time around, the AI is a little smarter and therefore more of a challenge than in the Ezio trilogy. Enemies will often surround you and back up their buddies, and now set up a firing line while youre in the midst of fighting, with which you can counter by taking a human shield. There is no additional armor this time around, so the health you start with is what youll have through the whole game. You can get different outfits, but the store bought clothes dont appear in cut scenes. The new crafting and trading system is a nice feature that you have the choice of getting involved with, though having to attack or defend convoys can sometimes be a nuisance and in all honesty added nothing to the experience. Ship gameplay is introduced in this game. I actually cannot understand why this part of the game was illrecieved, as my only complaint with it is that it wasnt featured ENOUGH into the game. Having played Assassins Creed IV Black Flag before the third game, the ship gameplay, though improved in later installments, is still solid, albeit treated almost like a side quest.Speaking of the Naval gameplay, the ship content is absolutely stellar! I did every Naval mission regardless if it was integral to the story because it was just so damn fun! Additionally, collecting the peg leg trinkets unlocks additional naval and ground missions that in and of itself is a thrilling experience in both presentation and story, but also gives you a bonus when you find all of the peg leg trinkets throughout the world of the game and do all of its missions. In addition to this, there is PLENTY more to do. While the main missions are the usual tail this person, eavesdrop on these people, kill this target, new missions are introduced and some side missions return. The Assassination target missions that were absent in Revelations return. You can also do courier and mail delivery missions. No race missions, though. Collectibles such as almanac pages, trinkets, chests that you have to lockpick, and feathers are there for completionists. Hunting is also introduced in this game, though unnecessary for progression and often too easy, especially when wolves are easy to take down and skin, as theyll seek you out if you draw near.The controls in this game, though no different from previous installments, feel a little sluggish this time around. It seems like combat was slowed down somewhat from the previous installments and it messed with the fluidity of the gameplay. I did get used to it, but the UI certainly didnt help. Where in Brotherhood and Revelations your action buttons were clearly identified, in Assassins Creed III only two of them were clearly identified with the appropriate button. The other two werent and Im wondering who thought this was a good idea.An additional detail I mean to mention is that the Parkour in this game is the weakest in the series up to this point. I dont think this could be helped as the location in this point in history is a developing nation, so tall buildings are hard to come by. Forest exploration and parkour didnt alleviate this problem, either. As forest trees tended not to vary much, and the forest environment looks too dull and would often get confusing. Climbing mountains and cliffs proved to be a chore as it was hard to predict at times where to jump and climb.Graphics and SoundGraphics are the best in the series to this point. We saw where they were headed in Revelations, but thankfully in this installment they made sure to give NPCs some added life... well mostly. The children in this game look butt ugly. As I mentioned before, animations are top notch and this is helped by the fact that everything is very detailed. The changes in seasons were really well done graphically, and the details with the snow in the winter are very impressive.Sound is very well done in this game as well. Guns are loud and impactful. Ambient noises in the city and the forests help with immersion. The naval segments are also very well done with the cannon blasts. Voice acting is really well done, even with Connor, who I initially didnt like until I realized why he spoke so on point and slow in English. So kudos to Connors voice actor for making it feel real. It was also a pleasure to hear Kevin McNally voice a character in this game, whom you may know as the actor who played Joshamee Gibbs in the Pirates of the Caribbean movies.Additional NotesThis game has the most amount of glitches Ive seen in an Assassins Creed game that Ive played, though I have yet to play Assassins Creed Unity. I not only glitched into a rock, a carriage hauling hay had lost track of where it was headed while I was in it and glitched into a building, in which I got stuck in. Sometimes Connor would get caught on the environment at weird times, and although this is familiar to the series, I had seen it occur the most in this game. In a cut scene near the end of the game, Connors animations had glitched out and his arms were stuck at his sides. While all of these were humorous, the first two required me to restart from a checkpoint. 