This game is very bad. I was hoping that after Brotherhood and Revaltaions, Ubisoft would have fixed or at least looked into their god awful parkour guessing system that they have. Again I ask Ubisoft and Conner personally, WHEN THE  IS IT A GOOD IDEA TO JUMP THE  OFF OF A BUILDING FOR NO REASON? But thats not the only issue I have with the game, so Ill make a list.1.Art For 2012 this game does not meet the standards for quality, though I do have to admit there are some points in the game that I thought were pretty well made. There were other games that did it much better. For example, Borderlands, Hitman, PlanetSide, Ghost Recon Future soldier. I also didnt appricate the lack of graphics quality but the frames of Arma 3 on realistic settings. But on the good side the faces looked nice, and the trees were pretty, and so was the water and ships.2.Gameplay This is the big one, this is the one that I had the most problems with. Ill start off by saying that the parkour guessing system is the worst, I died more times jumping off of buildings then getting shot by a red coat. Maybe Conner is suicidal after watching his mother die. I do have to say that getting around when Ubisofts guessing system works does add a level of fluidity that make the game look impressive, but thats only done with like 3 buttons, and its very rare for the guessing system to work.  Another issue I had with gameplay was getting confused with what to do or where to go. Now maybe Im just stupid, but I had some issues getting around and accomplising missions. The final issue I had with gameplay, that I can think of at the moment, is the combat system. Here again I ask Ubisoft, Conner, and the entire British army, WHEN THE  DID A DOUBLE ASSASSINATION COUNT AS A NON STEALTH KILL? I could be miles away from any British soldiers, but as soon as make a double assassination on two guys, King George himself is up my Also, It felt that I spent more time button mashing than actually making combos and skilled kills. But its damn near impossible with Ubisofts  guessing system thats supposed to add fluidity to gameplay, but it just makes Conner look stupid as he dry humps a red coat for 5 consecutive button presses. Also the AI is way smarter that I rember form Brotherhood and Revalation, which would be a good thing if the gameplay mechanics werent This also leads to questions like WHEN THE  DID THE BRITISH SOLDIERS GET BETTER AT PARKOUR THAN A ING ASSASSIN? HOW COME THE AI IS BETTER THAN YOUR  GUESSING SYSTEM? DID THE B TEAM WORK ON THE GUESSING SYSTEM? Now there are many other issues with game play like the Horses. Just put the horses down! I dont know what happened, maybe the british got a little to friendly with the horses and now the new breed is a little off. Again I ask Ubisoft WHEN THE  WAS IT A GOOD IDEA TO PUT YOUR BROKEN JANKYGUESSING SYSTEM ON HORSES?3.Story The story is the same, their still looking for the Apple of Eden or something, to be honest I dont give a  about Desmond and his little group, if anything the game would be better without them. But, for the Assassins story line, I feel that Im having too much history shoved in my face too fast. I feel that I have met almost every important figue in American histroy in 9ish hours. If I play anymore I might run into obama. I know that you met Da Vinci in one of the previous game, but the amount of historical figues was not this much, or atleast I dont think it was, in prvious games. Another Issue with the story, and this might even go under gameplay, is there was so much to do. The amout of stuff to do wasnt the issue, it was the game was so unappealing that I didnt want to give anything else other than the main quest for completion any attention.4.Characters The characters are B grade at best. I dont know of any major actors in the game but most of the Dialog is carried out in warm, inviting  lyrical setences that immerse me into the view changing story. Speaking of which, British guy that works with Desmond, GO  YOURSELF. Conner is about as warm and inviting as a cup of cold and his personality is about as deeps and fufilling as a puddle in Ethopia, and for the record  so are most of the historical figues. Haythin was probably the most intresting character, but again I hadnt played far enough to see him as the bad guy. Charles was also an intresting character, not because he had deep moral views, or an intresting story line, but because Ubisoft managed to fit all thatinto one middle aged man. Ubisoft also managed to kill of my favorite character, The hot Native chick that Haythin ed. That was about the point where I started to lose intrest, but I digress.In conclusion this game was not very good In my opinion, There is potential in the idea of the game, but Ubisoft just said  all and remade the same game with the same issues. Now a proper conclusion would have a paragraph, but I think I have said enough, and Ill say it agin Assassins Creed 3 is a  game that I will not finish. I made it in 10ish hours and thats it.