Assassins Creed III does some things incredibly well but also falls flat on its face in regards to others.Despite my initial wariness of the time period my concerns were quickly put to bed with the enticing ACspin on Revolutionary America. Much like the previous games, AC3 did a good job at blurring the lines between historical fact and fiction and produced quite the dramatic and thrilling story and game world. My other reservations about the more widespread use of firearms were also taken care of with careful attention on the developers part to the games roster of weapons and tools and how combat flows in general.Other things the game did very well was the inclusion of hunting and crafting, the ability to build up your homested and interact with those living on it, the size and detail of the game world itself, and the naval missions which ended up being a lot more popular than I think Ubisoft Montreal ever thought they would be see Assassins Creed IV Black Flag. In addition the multiplayer returns once again and hits the sweet spot for those looking for a more cunning/thinking mans competition and the further strides to make the MP even more customizable and detailed work fantastically.On the other side of the coin though AC3 did suffer from some setbacks.My biggest complaint with the game is the fact that while Ezio was a wellwritten, welldeveloped character who was both likeable and believable, Connor is just as flat and boring as Altair was in the franchise debut. Connor is consistently bouncing back and forth between causes and ideologies and youre constantly wondering what his true motivations are and where his allegiances lay. It doesnt help too that he just lacks any kind of appealing or remotely interesting personality.The second most significant issue with the game is that its a bit wonky on the PC. Many players, myself included, suffered atrocious frame rate drops in both Boston and New York and no amount of tweaking, workarounds, or game updates helped. Additionally there were a ton of bugs and glitches plaguing this game that turned up in nearly everything such as AI, animation, audio, and texturerelated problems.Lastly, theres just a collection of smaller areas that really couldve used some work or been removed altogether. Some examples are the overly complicated and illdesign crafting and trading UI, the Frontier area just felt too big and/or lacked enough content to make exploring and travelling through it anything other than a complete chore, the underground sections of New York and Boston were just absolutely tedious, and the parts of the game that let you control Desmond in 2012 were just uninspired and lacked the amount of drama and thrills they were clearly meant to.All in all, AC3 is a solid game and a worthy installment to the franchise though it is missing that trilogyending umph that Ubisoft was clearly hoping it would deliver. Not the best AC but also not the worst. 