Assassins Creed 3, the fifth main release in the series not counting the various releases on mobile platforms, marks the end of the main story arc of Desmond the Moon Bear. It is the first game to veer away from Ezio and introduces a new playable character, Connor. The game, in my opinion, has done the impossible  it has managed to supercede Assassins Creed 1 which was excusable as it was the first foray into these games and Revelations as the dullest Assassins Creed game yet.The game is set in colonial America at the start of the American Revolution. You go through various towns that are key to the revolution. The cities are big, but feel empty  the colonies feel like they arent as populated as the past cities explored by the previous games. They lack a certain character. In fact, a lot of the game lacks character  the main issue being Connor himself. You start out with Connors dad, which gives the game an excellent intro  Haytham is an astounding character, full of wit and life. In contrast, Connor is dry, monotonous, and almost always angry. It feels like they were trying to recreate Altair, but failed to do so. Altair may have been brooding, but his character changed, and he held the role of badass very well. Connor is just a bore to be with.The game itself is very poorly designed, I feel. There is no sense of progression. There is no incentive to be stronger, to do side quests, to discover stuff. The weapons you start out with never feel weak, which gives no incentive to gain money, thereby making sidequests and the whole trading and upgrading mechanic near useless. As such, the game feels like a boring bum rush through the story.The main story arc is soso. It didnt interest me as much as the historically rich past settings, but that could be because Im not American, and all the relatively small but important events are lost on me as an outsider.Overall, I cannot recommend this game  I bought it at 33 off because me and my sister wanted to end Desmond the Moon Bears story arc, and even then it is a bit of a disappointment. Do not buy this game. If possible, jump back to the old games, get Liberation, or even jump to Assassins Creed 4, which I hear is actually fun and includes more focus on the naval missions, one of the few good aspects from 3.