Assassins Creed 3 is a game that succeeds in entertaining DESPITE everything it has going against it.So I can get the bad stuff out of the way, heres a list of things this game does wrong1. Aggrivating, long, hand holding opening Seriously, it took me around 5 hours to get to the good stuff. Youre constantly tempted by the larger world before youre turned loose in it. This game will give you the worst blue balls.2. A main character that is much less interesting than other AC characters. Youd think that a mohawk warrior would be a pretty interesting character to turn loose in an AC game, but Connor ends up short of more charming characters like Ezio and Edward. Hes a bit boorish, and often leaves the player questioning his motives.3. A world that is, compared to other AC games, a little unremarkable. The varied tropical setting of Black Flag and the distinctive cities of II are a little more interesting to explore than this world. Upon first immersion, the entire world is gorgeous. The frontier is a joy to run around in and some great new character animations make the veticality and velocity of free running in the cities FEEL great. However, after 810 hours, the settings begin to blur together a bit. Boston and NY dont feel aesthetically different, probably because they are missing the gorgeous landmarks of the other games. This isnt so much a problem with the game as it is with Americas frankly pretty boring architecture seriously, how do we call ourself a great country when our architecture is this unremarkable?.4. A large amount of autofail missions. This is especially a problem when stealth is concerned, considering the stealth is generally pretty .OTHER THAN THAT, this game has been good enough so far for me to put 17 hours in, and I plan on putting in more. The visuals, while they can be repetitive, are far from drab. Like I said before, the character animations are great. Crowd mechanics are nice. Freerunning is, as always, a joy. There is a vast amount of things to do and collect. All in all Id give this game a solid 7/10. Only play this before you play Black Flag, if you plan on playing it at all.