Terribad game! The worst assassin creed to date!I played the first and the 2nd with all expacs and they were awesome, but this one is quite terrible.The game is well done, polished with great graphics. As a standalone game, an ok AAA game it would be. But the dark side of the force has taken hold of it and teared it apart The story is REDICULOUS and quiiiiiite boring. There would simply be no USA today without conor the a..s..s guy in charge! yipee whata hero!!! The control are the worst ive seen in any video games. After 50 hours of playing, i still cant get the hang of fighting and regularly get thrashed because of the sheeeeety controls that seems to have been made for aliens hands or something. Maybe if i had claws it would be better.... Also expect to have hand fatigue pretty fast with a game pad. It was there also in the other games, but it did not bother me as much as in this one. The bad controls are the results of this . Again with the bad controls, the genius who came up with using both control sticks and holding them in an awkward position while smashing with your little finger the farthest button that exists on the controller needs to be shot in the face with a canon, repeatedly. Edmond missions are even worst than before and thats saying because they were already baaaad in the other games! Conor our great hero has the annoying voice of a depressed and angry teenager who is going through puberty. When you start the game and he is 16, its only annoying and you cant wait to see him grown up! Then 14 years later with gray hairs, hes still as annoying. Also, he is the dumbest adult ive ever saw. Hes like a reaaaaaaly slow witted amerindian. Such an inept representation of what they were is quite insulting. I feel insulted and im not even an amerindian! The boat missions were actually far better than the rest of the game combined! Too bad there were only a few and they didnt last long But thats why they made black flag hehehe The wilderness and hunting was okayish. It was graphically gorgeous and when it rained it was pretty realistic. But if youre not a maniac of nature like me, there wasnt much fun to be had there. The cities are quite boring affairs. Looking like crap compared to the other game. But then, houses were made with planks of wood or red brics. Far from the splendor of rome and constantinople. I think the era was not a great one to have this game in nor the country. The assassins group that you eventually have are quite boring affairs too. It seems like an afterthougth that they added after their QA comments was Man that game is soooo boring it stinks! After the fun with Brotherhood and the conquest you could do in Revelation, here its pretty pointless. After level 5 thought, one assassin can seemingly one shot kill the whole english army on his own, while you cant do that with the bad controls of the game. Its like the guys who designed the fighting mechanics thought Lets make the fights more realistic and hard and not one shot kills! But the guys who made the assassins guild thought, lets one shot kill everyone in 5 seconds after your assassin buddies reached lvl 5. Mmmmmm balanced!!!! Somehow, even the historical figures are boring people. Im not sure why exactly, maybe they wanted to make them more normal people which is closer to historically accurate. Like george washington fleeing most battles because he lost them all pretty equally and won one little pointless one that was marketed to high heaven and disturbed the english so much that they started losing more and more after that. Faaaar from the historical american hero we used to hear about. Still, all the historical figures seems shallow. I did love the guy with the cigar who had some spunk while commanding the failing battle. Was disturbed by Benjaming Franklin talking on and on about screwin....g older women and fantasizing about it all the time. THAT was unexpected! Still, the other seems colorless. Guns are useless in this game. In fact, the little gun we had in the other games was far more accurate, shot a lot faster without reloading and was usefull to use. Those oneshot gun that takes 10 seconds of reloading might be accurate historically speaking, but god damn i had time to kill the guy with my sword before i could reload my gun. Or with my fist.... The templar looks more and more like the real winners and good guys all around. The assassins seems quite pathetic and with no heart or cause that is worth to die for. When you start rooting for the bad guys, something has gone wrong with your story.....So skip this game and go play Black flag the pirate game instead. There are booty to be taken ahoy!