This game is a shambolic mess of poor controls, oversimplified gameplay and failed stealth. Whereas previous games in the series featured extensive roof networks AC and towering monuments ACII, Ubisoft had decided that engaging cities were not, in the grand scheme of things, all that important, and ditched the huge, colourful Renaissance hubs for the mud and thatch American Revolution era villages. Gone are the paved streets, replaced by mud ruts, gone are the beautiful ivycovered courtyards. Its a wholly uninviting and squat place to explore.The crowds of ACIII are hardly convincing. The children seem only to have one recorded sound, consisting of a laugh track which they will repeat in brokenrecord style until you run away. Civilians can no longer be killed for an easy diversion. Glitches abound, both in animation and in AI stealthing detection.Character development is also inadequate. Conor is by far the least significant, least fleshedout character of the series. He moves with the grace of an elephant, talks as if he has had no education whatsoever to be fair, he probably hadnt and seems to have no real motivation for being an assassin. Whereas Altair of AC was a ruthless, faceless angel of death whose questioning of his cult led to his humbling, and Ezio was a brash and reckless young man whose family death caused him great anguish, Conor is an unwanted child who one day returned to find his home on fire and who promptly did absolutely NOTHING of consequence. We dont care about Conor because he seems to be the sole contributor to Desmonds personality. There is nothing in Conor that we would ever wish to be, and no amount of shoddy combat can ever fix such failure in story.ACs combat was a bit rough around the edges, but it involved a fair amount of timing which could be passed off as skill in the sense that if one won entire wars with single button presses, then becoming expeditious at pressing that one button might be something to be proud of. Nevertheless, there was a certain satisfaction in killing the final templar with a single strike in that one perfect moment, facing his then greatest enemy, Altair truly seemed to be a weapon without equal in his effortless dispatch of anyone in his way. Ezio wasnt quite as good as this, but at least he had nifty climbing abilities and additional fighting moves, and was still able to fight in a flowing manner more reminiscent of a dancer than a thug. Conor unfortunately is just a thug. He moves like a clown vaulting over walls with more effort than Mr. Bean and his attacks are purely brute force, which would suit Hitmans Agent 47 more than a supposed Assassin. His attacks are also purely contextual animations if no one is in range when an attack is initiated, he flails his arms around in a poor flourish rather than actually swinging his weapon, and it looks ridiculous.The controls are the final nail in the coffin. The mouse control should remain the same in menu and game it doesnt. AC I required two buttons to be held to run, one separating high profile actions from low, and it worked reasonably well. ACII upped this with the sprint, which was a welcome change. In both games the Spacebar, E key and Shift performed actions that required little directional input except for grab, but that was a small thing, which was crucial because the left hand on PC spends most of its time covering the WSAD keys. ACIII decided that it was preferable to suddenly change the Counter command from Right Mouse Button  Left Mouse Button to an E key binding, and dispose of the High profile in favour of making Right Mouse Button Sprint. Surely if one button is to be made Sprint it should be Shift, given its close proximity to the WSAD and the fact that the left hand controls character movement. Common sense would surely dictate that the second most important controlling button, RMB, should not be stripped of its previous functions and relegated to a purely ancillary role. All these things come second nature with any measure of good judgement.Ultimately, common sense and good judgement are exactly what this game lacks.Edited time for accuracy. 