This game is awesome!! Definietly 10/10... Game has so much things to do like hunting, sailing, running, climbing and all that type of things.. Ubisoft have improved Assassins Creed so much in third part that you dont have only 1 map to discover all of the feathers, and treasure chests, because in AC3 you have different kind of locations New York, Boston, Homestead and Frontier.Many Assassins Creed fan criticized that Ubisoft changed Ezio to Connor but I think its a great thing if u want some change to ACseries and not that old repeating same city with a guy whos story is more wellknown than your own pockets...In AC3 you play as 3 different characters Desmond Miles who is a 21stcentury Assassin, working to uncover the secrets of a mysterious Precursor Vault that purportedly will protect the Earth from an upcoming solar flare on December 21, 2012. To uncover the secrets, Desmond uses the Animus to live out memories of two of his ancestors which the player controls during these sequences, both set at the time of the American Revolutionary War. The first, briefly played at the start of the game, is Haytham Kenway, a British Templar that seeks the location of the Vault. The second, and the primary character for the game, is Ratonhnhakton, the result of a brief liaison between Kenway and a Native American woman. Ratonhnhakton takes on the name Connor to blend in better with colonial society. When playing as Connor, the player has access to a huge wilderness known as the Frontier, the cities of Boston and New York. Portions of the Eastern Seaboard and Caribbean Sea can be explored via the flagship of the Assassins navy, the Aquila, captained by Connor Kenway himself, with Robert Faulkner his firstmate advising and teaching him in the ways of the sea.But no more of that... In my opinion Assassins Creed 3 is the best in the whole ACSeries and even Black Flag wont be able to beat this game... And its good thing in Assassins Creed 3 that you wont have to play other ACs because this has different character and you wont be missing anything if u start your Assassinating from this game!So what are you waiting for?!?!??! Go to Steam store, Search for Assassins Creed 3, open it, click add to cart, Buy it and enjoy the assassinating, exploring and By far the most awesome story! 