After spending a good two days of my life playing, lets see what we got.Pros Setting Early America in the 1700s is easily one of my favorite time periods, It really feels like Early America. Theres quite a bit to do from naval combat Ill get to that in a sec, hunting, and picking a fight with the British.Naval combat Its certainly something new, its really fun and cool when you get in a fight, making aim and send cannon balls hurling through the air, destroying their ship as you see fire and splinters flying everywhere.Hunting Something new, you can head into the woods and go hunting for materials. Theres some intersting things to use like snares and bait.Historical moments This I loved. Theres a lot of different moments straight out of your highschool textbook, like The Battle of Bunker Hill where you hear the famous quote, Dont fire until you see the whites of their eyes., The Declaration of Independence, and more. You even meet historic figures like George Washington, Benjamin Franklin, and a lot more.ConsStory The entire story of Connor goes like this, as a child, your village was burned to ash and you want revenge. Thats it. The story in a nutshell.Characters As far as characters go, Connor The assassin is a bit dull. Hes not hatable or anything but i found Altair and Ezio to be far, far more interesting and likable. Haytham is more interesting and I almost liked him more than the lead protagonist, Connor.New parkour Oh boy, this i wasnt very fond of. When youre climbing the rooftops of Boston, the guards on the rooftops will demand you get down with little time. If you dont, theyll try to shoot you off. If you fight them, a horde of soldiers will pop out of nowhere and still try to kill you. Its completely unnecessary and it gets your blood boiling when all you wanted was to cross a rooftop. As for the tree parkour, its cool but theres only so many trees that go in so many directions. Parkour feels like a major step back.Combat Dont get me wrong, its actually really fun and you feel like a badass taking on ten soldiers to one. Some enemies even need different strategies to kill. Some you can kill directly, some you need to break defence first, some you need to counter, break defence and kill. But, it gets real repetitive. Counter, kill, counter, kill, counter, kill. it doesnt have much challenge to it.Replay value Theres little to nothing to do after the game. Either you run around killing soldiers for no reason, hunt for no reason, run around for no reason, theres nothing to do after youre done with the game.Despite what I said, ACIII gets my virdict of 7/10. Its a good game for fans and even more for history lovers.