This is the worst AC i played... ever played AC I and the three AC IIs! Its still awesome, tho.The controls made me thrash my keyboard because i got so angry. So often i was running thru the woods or cities and suddenly Connor decided to perch on this one slab of stone slightly above the ground and then refused to jump off until i found the 5 degree angle where it was possible to leave. Also i often got spotted by guards because Connor decided to lean onto the wrong side of the environmental object which would have given protection from prying eyes.I found it extremely hard to feel like an assassin, unless the mission required to remain undetected. The guards spotted me so quickly and then it was almost impossible to hide again. Usually the guards are marked as red dots on the screen, but some just arent, so Connor ran into them time and again when rounding corners and such. During the ensuing open conflict I felt more like a mass murderer. Luckily the combat was easy enough and death was only a rare consequence of these scuffles.And whats with these homesteaders? Why was effort spent on a useless feature to trade goods from your homestead? The revenue is totally unnecessary since i rarely had to spend any money and it didnt add much atmosphere in my opinion. Id rather have the control glitches fixed than that.The Mayan temple made me angry, because multiple times i found different paths to the shrine, but since i didnt follow the proper invisible way points, nothing happened when reaching the visible way point.If you havent played the previous parts, you will be quite confused about the presenttime story and the First Civilisation, tho. Its not well explained.Otherwise, i enjoyed the atmosphere. The story was intriguing, the templar beginning and the temporary alliance with them is a nice twist. Learning more about native american culture as a european and the american revolution was fascinating. Running through the woods and hunting animals was a very enjoyable experience.The graphics are good not exceptional anymore on PC and the musical score terrific.So i still recommend this game, although it made me so angry. 