tldr verGameplayThe pacing in assassins creed III isnt normalized, new features and part of the maps are introduced to the player in a manner where you are overwhelmed with side quests and other things to do. This may kill the understanding of the player of what the story is really trying to tell. It doesnt help also that the missions in the early parts of the game are held in the winter, heavy snow slows everything down.They tried to add new weapons and tools, but it didnt hook me enough to actually use them frequently. The UI is also consolized as usual, but one thing I really hate is the weapon UI. You can only bind up to 4 things and if you want to switch to other tools, you need to bring up the whole UI, pausing the game before you can access your weapons.Despite of that, features improved parkouring you can now parkour in trees in the jungle, Stealth gameplay is also improved a little bit buggy still, combat is also a little bit harder with the new combo and counter system.Graphics and performanceThe maps are beautifully made, with 3 massive maps and numerous smaller maps to roam, there are tons of content in this game. The forest looks amazing with the number of trees, obstacle, details and the wildlife in them. Textures are incredibly mediocre when you look at them in short distances with the exception on the outside maps not inside animusPerformance was disappointing, crossfire/SLI was not supported or badly scales. Infact, my crossfire setup had negative scaling when CF is on. FPS is horrible in some parts of boston. The game was obviously CPU bound since my performance increased a lot when I switch my Phenom II AMD processor to an i7.Final thoughtsOverall, I think the game was just rushed and wasnt ready to be released. This is very apparent since most of the things are unpolished and filled with bugs.See the developers comment on the production of AC3So for 60, I think that this game is really worth it. Maybe get it for at least 50 when it goes on sale.I spent 45 hours just to finish the story 78 completion, DLC not included and a full 65 hours to get as close to 100 completion Bugs prevents me to fully 100 the gamefinal score82/100 