The PC version of this game is awful. Ive never posted a review before, but would like to spare any others the pain of this game.I should start by saying I really enjoyed AC1, AC2, Brotherhood and Revelations. Unless you are hooked on the story of the Assassins Creed series, and really want to go through the story for yourself, however, avoid this awful game. This game is nothing like the first four episodes in terms of play style, story style, controls, qualitypretty much everything.Firstly, the game is clearly a console port  a bad one at that. Controls do not feel right for a PC game and some simple elements such as climbing in natural environments are just awful. The user interface suffers from poor choices, likely as a result of being a console import  whereas you can imagine cycling through menus with a keypad and console buttons, it translates poorly to a keyboard and mouse setup. Choices made with how movement works are also poor  the highly usercontrollable run/jump of the earlier versions has been destroyed in AC3, and you will now automatically climb and wall you run into.Secondly, there are too many cut scenes perhaps an order of magnitude more than earlier AC games which dont add a great deal to the game. Way, way too many cutscenes. The story line and action feels far more linear than previous editions, and is very trying at times. Despite being open world, there are only a few instances where this seems to be an advantage, rather mostly you feel like youre travelling from one area to the next without reward, or through a semiclosed system  probably a legacy of the storyline issues.Theres also issues with how intuitive missions are  youre always on a stream of linear missions, but its not necessarily clear exactly what you have to do. This isnt because you have to discover what to do which might be fun but rather because the storyline breaks down badly at the scenario level. The voice acting is variable  some OK, some absolutely awful. The choice to swap between characters doesnt work well, and leads to a disjointed story where you feel that you start the game, and then start again down the track, all to institute a plot twist which is interesting for all of ten seconds.Thirdly, some bizarre choices have been made with regards to combat  Id rather face 15 redcoats which I will defeat easily than 1 wolf who you cannot fight in direct combat but only either stealth kill or kill with ranged weapons. Until you learn how to defeat champion characters such as captains its highly frustrating, but once you master the simple technique its actually a little too easy.Fourthly  some really fun elements from earlier ACs such as finding all the flags, etc. have been replaced with much clumsier mechanisms, which takes some fun out of the game for those who enjoyed this aspect. Perhaps most disappointingly  the jumping puzzles that were developing so well across the first four ACs particularly the first three have been removed with movement and jumping being frankly a bore.Fifthly  perhaps worst of all  the stealth element is gone from the game. Its not a sneak around and assassinate people game, its more of an open combat game, which is well and good for other games, but removes one of the fundamental and most enjoyable aspects of earlier AC games.Ubisoft should feel a deep shame about releasing this gameits a stinker. I cannot fathom the positive reviews this game has received from some critics. Id warn those  particularly those who enjoyed the earlier AC games  to stay away from this abomination. Would not recommend even if the game including all DLC were available for 1.99. Caveat Emptor.