This game was a huge disappointment for me. Id come to expect quite a lot from AC after the last trilogy, and the promise of an AC set during the American Revolution, headlined by a Native was super exciting to me. Unfortunately, AC3 delivered on almost none of those expectations.The mechanics have been scaled back in many unfortunate areas. Combat has been modified to make it more challenging, but really its just not as fun. You can still kill basically anyone in one or two hits, but they force you to use certain moves against certain opponents, and as the game goes on, those opponents become more prevalent, so all your fights end up feeling the same. The new additions of some interesting weapon types also seemed promising at first, but they proved to be unintuitive to use due to the new interface, and mostly just not as effective as the old staples. The combination of the altered combat and interface made fights feel less dynamic than they did in the past where you could chain kills fluidly together and it feel badass.The parkour, while being significantly streamlined, did nothing to address common frustrations such as getting stuck climbing something ridiculous like a fence post or a door, and was missing some of the features from past games shoulder charging for instance.The minigames of improving your home and sending assassins out on contracts was replaced with a series of sidequests that appeared to do nothing for you in the long run, and an incredibly boring and clunky trading minigame where you trade random goods for other random goods. Supposedly you can manipulate the market to make some commodity worth more per trade, but it seemed pretty arbitrary, and the menus were so clunky I didnt have the patience for selecting 6 deerskins individually for each trade I wanted to make, so I gave up on it pretty quickly.The main character was also painfully earnest and irritating, and the whole story felt disjointed. I never knew what was going on or why I was doing anything, and there was almost no incentive at all to completing side quests. When I finished the game I thought to myself, Oh, I didnt know that was the last mission... Never a good sign.There was one thing that I spent hours doing for no other reason than it was fun. The naval combat was really well done if feeling totally tacked on, and not well integrated to the main storyline. I really enjoyed it despite the fact that it had nothing to do with anything, and Conor would throw on a silly admirals outfit every time you took the boat out. It was good enough that it almost redeemed the entire game for me... Almost. 