If theres one image that encapsulates the Assassins Creed series, its that of a hooded figure balancing atop some skyscraping parapet, looking down into the city below. Its a snapshot that shows off a lot of what makes these games special  their incredible attention to detail, breathtaking verticality, fascinating architecture, unique historical settings  but it also represents their limitations. Assassins Creed games are easy to admire, but you often feel a bit distanced from them, too, held back from inhabiting these worlds as fully as youd like to. Youve always been on the outside looking in.Not so with Assassins Creed III, which hauls the series across the ocean into a new setting thats absolutely bursting with things to do. It turns a fascinating section of history into a vast openworld playground, letting you conquer the rooftops, stalk the forests and sail the seas of revolutionary America and authoring a main storyline that puts you in the middle of some of the most important events of the period, like a fly on the wall of history. Its all about enjoying the freedom of movement the game affords you and immersing yourself in its world, as well as setting up the setpiece assassinations that form the climax of each chapter.Where the storyline missions usually follow a pattern of gathering information, stalking and eventually killing a highprofile target with the odd naval mission or largescale battle thrown in for variety, outside of that youre free to do whatever you want hunt for trinkets, clamber over the rooftops of New York in search of almanac pages, or pick fights with the Redcoats on behalf of the populace. There is a vast amount of content in this game, from liberating Boston and New York to building up a homestead on the frontier to sailing the high seas to just enjoying the outdoors and hunting wildlife. But perhaps because Assassins Creed III is so huge, it can be pretty inconsistent. It attempts an astonishing amount, and doesnt always succeed.Assassins Creed III follows hottempered Native American assassin Connor for almost his entire life, starting as a treeclimbing kid and growing from troubled young man to vengeful adult  but without wanting to spoil anything, hes not the only character youll play. Connors path often intersects with key moments in the American Revolution, putting him in the middle of the Battle of Bunker Hill for one spectacular mission. He finds himself fighting on the side of the Patriots for most of the game, but because he has enemies on both sides, his motivations for doing so has little to do with their battle for independence from the British crown.Connor isnt as straightforwardly charming as Assassins Creed IIs Ezio, and although writing is excellent for the most part, you never warm to Assassins Creed IIIs heroes nor grow to resent its villains in quite the same way. Its impossible to discuss exactly why this is without spoiling something of the games plot  which you definitely dont want, as there are some great moments here. There will doubtless be a lot of discussion around this after the game makes its way into players hands, but what it really comes down to is that Connor often feels more like an errand boy than a freedom fighter within the missions, Assassins Creed III can feel very scripted and dictatorial, fettering you with rigid objectives and punishing you harshly when you step outside their boundaries  chase sequences are particularly infuriating on this front. The game is often at its best outside of the story, when it leaves you to enjoy and inhabit its world.Assassins Creed III is very enjoyable overall, but its not consistently brilliant. Not everything about the game gels together convincingly and the missions unnecessary prescriptiveness sometimes undermines the sense of freedom that the rest of the game works so hard to create. But it achieves so much that you cant help but respect it no other openworld game has ever given us a setting thats as impressive to observe or as full of things to do as this. Connors story has its lulls but it still tells a tale much richer and more compelling than most other games manage, set in a fascinating period of history. Assassins Creed III isnt as huge an improvement upon its predecessors achievements as many players will be hoping for, but its still up there with the best that the series has achieved  even if it isnt quite the best.