Easily my least favorite title in the series.  It is very pretty and they did a fairly good job with the boating mechanic, Ill grant it that, but thats really about all I can say thats good about it.  The story is God Awful, if youre looking for a good story, steer clear.Connor is a horribly dull character, his motives constantly conflict, he never matures, and he is quite possibly the least dimensional character since Desmond Miles.The freerunning is massivly toned down, as the buildings are all reletivly small and they have a guard on every single roof, youll never want to run atop the towns, but rather just stick to the roads.  There is the notable exception of the tree freerunning, which was nicely done, but unfortunatly its not really utilized outside of a desolate forest that gives you no real reason to explore, save for finding a few collectibles.If youre looking for assassinations or stealth you wont find them in this game.  Connor will randomly enter combat within cities for absolutly no reason, and there is only 1 actual assassination in the game.  While you do kill people, they are almost always part of some scripted event.  so rather than climbing atop buildings and trees to get that perfect arial strike, you get a cutscene to a small fight scene to another cutscene.Connors Arsenal has also been altered, now allowing him to carry more weapons he will never need to use.  The combat is what youd exepct from an Assassins Creed title, way too easy.  All the extra weapons are only for show as every bit of combat can be done with just your hidden blades.  Excluding ranged attacks though.  For whatever reason theyve decided to replace Ezios amazing hidden gun, which combined both stealth and power, with the worst sets of pistols and rifles in any video games ever.  Each one gets one shot before needing a 10 second reload, meaning in the heat of combat you only get to fire one shot.  The shots are also pathetically weak and will rarely, if ever, kill anyone.I can safely say give this one a pass.  Go get Brotherhood or Black Flag instead.