Having binged on all of the AC games, back to back, a couple of months ago, I felt compelled to write a review about this one. I have to say AC3 is one of the weakest entries in the series, and although it has some very good qualities, they are not enough to redeem the game as a whole. First and foremost, the story feels like it underwent heavy cuts in all the wrong places. There are parts of the game that literally advance oon a very slow pace, with mundane actions that, unlike in the Ezio games, do not offer any insight into the characters or, if they do, the characters are often too uninteresting to relate to. The way they implemented the main character into the actual history is also all kinds of messed up he was basically everywhere, and he singlehandedly won the War of American Independence.Another problem I found very anoying was the controls. They are the same sort of sticky controls as in previous iterations, but I found that for some reason the character never seems to go where you want him to, and just tries to stickclimb to the nearest surface. This is VERY annoying when the game itself demands precision. After a while I just gave up trying to do the tasks needed for full sync, since they felt more like a chore rather than fun AC4, on the other hand, did these full sync tasks right. Also, dont get fooled by the trailers that look like they promise huge battles and freedom in the way you may tackle them. Your participation in both of the big battles that appear in the game is very linear and unsatisfying. This is true for most of the main story missions as well, which basically amount to follow this guy, listen to conversation, kill a bunch of guys, run away.Now, all is not bad the graphics are good, pc optimization is alright, and some of the side missions are actually pretty interesting building the homestead, for example. The best part of the game for me was, undoubtedly, the naval missions, which are regretably only a handful at least it felt like it, since they were so much fun. Id dare say I even found the controls and feel of the sailing a bit better than in AC4 the weight of the ship factors strongly, and its not so easy to steer as in the latter, which felt a bit too arcadey for my liking. Still, I find AC4 to be the best of the bunch, and would recommend it strongly over any of the others, followed by the also fantastic Ezio trilogy. AC3, on the other hand, fell flat on expectations and is the worst game in the series, only after the first one, which hasnt aged well at all.PD I also finished the DLCs which, I have to say, are even worst than the main game. They focus strongly on combat, making you fight a ton of soldiers even for the iest of rewards. Want to open a chest? you, fight 50 guys. Want to talk to Ben Franklin? you, fight 50 guys. Want to walk down the street? you, fight 50 guys. Im not even joking, even the smallest encounter feels like you just killed half the population of colonial America. This is the worst kind of dlc pure, unfiltered filler. And infurating as hell, I get riled up even thinking about it. Avoid at ALL costs. 