Bwee.Its been a long time since I played an AC game. Long enough that I sorta forgot a few things including, but not limited to, the following. I dont like platforming I wont even try getting 100 completion in this I need to resist my inner Scrooge McDuck HOLY  THESE CREDITS TAKE FOREVER TO FINISHActually I remembered the last one and made sure to read a book once they started rolling. XDAnyway, you play in Colonial America this time, which ends up leading to less platforming and more giant open worlds with alot of open space in them. And trees. The US was pretty underdeveloped at this point, so it is true to the setting. Still, Boston and New York have nothing on Florence or Rome from AC2/ACB. And you meet historical people sometimes, though hypocritical discussion about liberty that the Founding Fathers are into is far less interesting than the murderous schemes of the Borgias. I can go on and say that Connor is nowhere near as awesome as Ezio, or that there are too many tailing missions, and such, but really I dont feel like it. My opinion by now is quite clear AC3 is not as good as its predecessors.But I also get to sail a ship and blow theout of people. Thats pretty neat.Actually the only reason I even got this game was to fill the story gap I would have had between Revelations and Black Flag. Seeing that the sailing was good funtimes in AC3, Im forcing myself to write this review now before I dive into exciting pirate action. Because that sounds like exactly what I am looking for right now.This isnt a bad game. Indeed I had fun playing it. But at the same time I felt like for a game called Assassins Creed I did far less murdering than I would have expected. Actually Im pretty sure I spent more time finding collectibles and doing all that homestead stuff than I did killing people. And thats kinda unfortunate.Anyways, its an okay game. I guess now I am going to get my pirate adventuring on and play Black Flag. Yeargh...Edit One last thing Uplay sucks. Seriously. It never gave me my Ezio costume. 