An interesting change of pace. The storyline of the previous Assassins Creed games kept myglued to my chair, and my eyes on the monitor. However, as much as it hurts me to say, I think the writers kind of slipped on this one. The story of Connors journey was no let down. His story kept me begging for more, which was unfortunately not satisfied by the games prompt story with an abrupt ending. I would expect to see another game continue on with the Connors story, but I can only hope. The story outside of the Animus grows as the story inside shrinks. If you have not played the first Assassins Creed game through Revelations skip ahead to the  because the following may contain a slight spoiler for those new to the series. Outside of the Animus a doomsday scenario was created. Honestly, I was disappointed by it. a cleche doomsday scenario with only one man that can save all of humanity is not what I am looking for. The ending left me feeling unfulfilled. Although do not let this stop you from enjoying the story of Connor.  Outside of the storyline the gameplay was good. They removed the use of the spacebar and have to reach to grab far away ledges. All you do is hold the right mouse button and you will go where you point. This has pros and cons. On the brightside, along with the better animations, freerunning is A LOT more smooth than it was in the previous games. On the negative side, it diminishes your overall control of the character. On the topic of freerunning, the environment has changed significantly which has affected freerunning. Rooftops are much more modern, no more flat or slightly slanted roofs. A majority of roofs in this game and slanted, making freerunning often uncomfortable. The average building is a lot higher than those in the previous games, this gives you less room for error. The roads are now built for carages and horses so they are much wider. This makes reaching the other side of the street a challenge. The viewpoints are a lot less exciting than they were in previous games, they are also a bit shorter. The changes in the environment is not to be blammed on the game. This is how buildings were in that era, it would be wrong of the developers to change that. The other single player features such as renovating shops, working with your brotherhood of assassins and etc have also been simplified. No more renovating shops. Even if you could, they are all one type of store now with very few in either of the cities. The brotherhood of assassins has minimal usability and utility. Instead of sending assassins on missions to level them up, you get assassins that do not change in level, are fixed NPCs, and frankly dont do a whole lot. You may now send your merchants on trade caravans for the simple benefit of money but nothing else.Mutiplayer has brought a lot more to the table. It is by no means bad, it just has become more complex. I missed the simplicity of Brotherhoods multiplayer, but the multiplayer in this one will do.All in all, Assassins Creed 3s single player was turned into a much more straigt forward gameplay style. The multiplayer has been made more complicated. I would still suggest buying this game for the storyline and the gameplayer afterall it is still fun but not at the price of 50. Your best bet is to wait until the bugs have been flattened out and the price drops significantly, until then go 100 the other four games because they deserve the attention! Verdict Buy it eventually.