So, I was reading the reviews before I started playing this game and some of them were quite negative and even said not to buy this game if you much enjoyed assassins creed 2 series. While I tremendously enjoyed the second series including Brotherhood and Revelations, I decided to give the third one a go regardless of those negative reviews.After thirty hours of playtime and completing the story, I can say I love this game as much as I love the previous ones.However, theres a very clear line between things I like and I dont like about this game, soI think it is better to categorize them into different sections.I LIKED Beautiful graphics and magnificent environments. Smooth and fast motions in combats. Great background music Fun naval combats. I hugely enjoyed these naval combats and wished there were more of them. Homestead missions. I loved homestead missions and enjoyed watching the community grow. It gave me similar enjoyment from watching Esperanca grow back in Assassins creed 2. I genuinely enjoyed the missions too. I couldnt stop smiling when Norris ran into Connor, shouting with joy, She said yes! The characters. Very dynamic characters with superb voice acting. Storyline is a weak point but these characters make the storyline much more interesting than it really is. Historicals. I personally think that this one delivers the most detailed portraits of the ingame era so far in the series.I DISLIKED Im gonna be straight up. I didnt like the ending.Honestly, I dont know what the  was it. I see at the time they were trying to leave questions and wonders for the upcoming series, but it was completely out of nowhere. Probably the weakest ending Ive seen in the series. Controls.They made some changes regarding the controls but Im pretty sure for those of you who enjoyed playing assassins creed 2, you wouldnt like this new control. The way you counter is changed and has become more difficult to endeavour. Also, with the new control, you cant prevent yourself from climbing everywhere while you are running. So, youd have to walk if you dont wanna end up climbing everywhere. Inconsistent missions. There are few nonanimus missions happening in various places. The very existence of these missions is questionable and put unwated pauses when you are playing. Slow beginning. Takes about 5 hours of gameplay to actually become an assassin. Some new changes like trading and crafting, but they lack initiatives both funwise and needwise.You see how the thing I didnt like are quite detailed compared to the things I like. If you look at some of the details they newly implemented, you might start complaining about the game. But on a big picture, I strongly think this is a great and fun game to play. 