Im late to this game having restarted it like three times after putting it down for extended periods of time, but here goes the review.Maybe I was spoiled by having played Black Flag before completing this one, but for all the hype I was seeing when this was released, the game was just...bland. The main character was not the brightest, a flaw I could handle, given he was sort of thrust into the larger storyline  but it made for so many stilted conversations, and pauses in the game for exposition in order to make up for the way the arc sort of jumps around.Visually, I really enjoyed the game. Gameplaywise, anythings better than the first one. The story was just...bad. I dont expect James Joyce or anything from writers, but if the conceit of this game is that every major conspiracy youd find onis really an eternal struggle between Templars and Assassins over alien technology, then the founding of the United States is like a veritable toy chest of rumors and plotlines for everyone from the casual reader of history to the tinfoil hat crowd. Yet the best we get is Oak Island  and thats only if you are willing to explore those sidequests.But between boring gameplay and a story that was too wrapped up in telling and not showing  making me feel like the game couldnt decide whether it wanted me to play it, or sit through a narrative interrupted with short missions to make sure I was paying attention  is a very unsatisfying experience, overall. Maybe the developers wanted me to feel no real investment in the other characters, so I could better identify with Connor, who was also a fish out of water thrust into doing things for others that he didnt particularly care for. Or perhaps Im just projecting too much.Was it worth the 10 I paid? Yes. I got 10 worth of entertainment out of it, and many hours on top of that which I will never be able to reclaim. Then again, Im easily entertained. Would I recommend it? No. Ive played through the story, and Im feeling zero replay value in this.Go play AC Black Flag, instead.