Ive approached this title with as little expectations as possible, since Ive heard the game sucks, Connor sucks and everything about it sucks.Well colour me surprised. Not only did I enjoy the game tremendously story wise, not only I liked the ending Ive heard it sucks!, not only I didnt mind Connor being how he was though yeah, he feels like unfinished business. He sounds lifeless,  but its sort of understandable providing what past he came from. Yeah he could be more polished a protagonist, Ill give naysayers that.Have to admit though this game has been for me completely taken by Templars. Because Haytham is magnificent .To sum it upCons A lot of odd hatred toward the game. Connor not being Ezio is not a catastrophe, you know. Some things are basically useless, like stealing. You dont really need it for anything unlike in, say, AC I when it was useful for replenishing your stack of throwing knives. Again, all the pistols, swords and other weapons are just collectibles and visuals. Outfits, few are goods, most are ugly. Also, you have only few dyes to choose from, and if you put something other then default outfit, odd things happen with Connors haircut in cutsceenes. Some 100 synch requirements are maddening. Lifeless Indian speech. Why there was no emotion in actors voices is beyond me. Not many silly/creepy bugs AC I and AC II contained. I sort of remember them fondly. All right, Connor makes little sense sometimes and acts as if he didnt know what he wanted. Though, maybe he doesnt.Pros Awesome settings in awesome times. Alternative versions of historical events  me likey! Combat I liked it always, I like it here, too. More brutal. Pretty okish story. If devs havent decided otherwise, it would create a good start for some AC in the future, taking off from where AC III ended. Ending speaking truth about human nature. No wonder so many dislike it! Characters. There are many interesting characters, even if main protagonist is not one of them. Music. Its epic. Places you visit are very authentic, climatic and alive. Explaining other side of the never ending conflict. I like it when its not black and white, and like it or not, Templars make a lot of sense. NAVAL MISSIONS! Pure joy. Even if one of the hardest 100 syncs was one of them. You can hunt. I didnt enjoy that, but option is there and it is something new. Contains multiplaya.All in all, it was good times. 