Likes Actual game play within the animus as the assassin character is really fun. I enjoy the combat, weapons, freerunning, climbing, riding horses, etc. I especially enjoy freerunning through the treetops. I bought this particular game because of the NativeAmerican theme, though I dont care at all for the revolutionary war period. I also liked the inclusion of cats and dogs. Being able to reach down and pat cats and dogs was an inspired way to increase immersion.Dislikes with A.C. franchise in general Animus concept breaks immersion more than glitches. Linear story arc. There is only Ubisofts vision, my imagination means nothing. Regular instances where the game takes over and player choices are severely limited. I prefer to create my own character gender, race, face and body type. etc. Only enemies can be killed. A limitation caused by playing someone elses memory I guess. Youre playing an assassin not a psychopath...but I prefer the choice.AC3 specific dislikes Controls need work. Perhaps too touchy. In the midst of running, I may try to jump but instead stop suddenly and pose as if Im hiding against a wall...but theres no wall in sight. AC3 has some outfits I like, which I bought as part of a package deal, but use is limited to DLC or multiplayer game play. Should be able to wear the items during solo play. The first 5 sequences felt like a waste of time. I would have liked the option to skip them.I dislike forced, lengthy dialogue in games, cutscenes and quasicontrolled animated sequences. This game is far too chatty. There is a Skip option for a few of the dialogues but strangely not for others. We are forced to listen to long speeches after killing major targets, and when in the much hated Animus. I play open world games because I want to do what I want. When I want a story I read books or watch a movie. If I want limitations, Ill just engage in real life.I have read the argument If you dont like the story, this game isnt for you. Rubbish! The atmosphere, the treasure hunts, hunting, exploring, action and fighting are all great too much hand holding, inescapable storytelling and the Animus concept are the only things really keeping me away from this franchise in general.20 minute long forced viewing of the credits, without any way to skip them or even turn the game off?! I have a few gestures and choice words for whoever at Ubisoft decided that was okay.Most of the game from sequence 7 on, was pretty good. If you see it on sale for 75 off like when I got it give it a try. 