I have played the Assassins Creed Series for a while. I picked up 1, 2, and Brotherhood. I finished 1 and 2, Im about 50 through Brotherhood. I got Assassins Creed 3 from a friend for Christmas last year, and just got around to playing it this last weekend.I really cant recommend this title. The characters are not well rounded, one inparticular flitting from Niave young man eager to please his mentor, to mustache twirling sociopath in the space of 2 cutscenes. There is a really nice twist in the game that happened much too early that takes you away from a somewhat sympathetic character and sticks you with a total moron, who is much too niave given the fact that he stabs people in the throat for a living. And Seriously, I cant stress this enough, a character goes from wanting to be initiated into a club of friends, and waiting on their every need like a good little boy, TO STRANGLING A CHILD... in 2 concurrent cutscenes.The combat is fun. The counter system is good, you go from kill to kill competently. It seems to focus more on counters and timing, so you have to get into the rhythm of things in order to do well. Once you wrap your head around it, it can be rewarding to cut through a squad of guys and the 45 backup dudes that dogpile you. This is the first Assassins Creed game where I saw a reason to Run. Guards pose a legitimate threat. The ship minigame is fun too.Collectables and missions wise, there is some good variety, and I found myself enjoying finding collectables, or chasing down sheets of paper, or beating up tax collectors... Its all rather fun. You get real rewards for all of it that apply back to your purchasing power and the combat makes them worth while Though again, because of the threat of guards you do have to take a moments pause to consider how to do something.Conclusion I harped a lot on the story a bit ago, because despite the controls and missions being competent, this is an Assassins Creed game, and thus its pretty similar to stuff weve seen before. I would write the last two paragraphs about any of the other games. What draws me between the games is the storyline of the game, because that is all that is unique to each game. Assassins Creed 3, is bad in that respect. If you havent played Brotherhood, or 2, or even Assassins Creed 1... go play those instead of this. 