For me worst of AC games ever from its roots to the top. Mixed and confused feelings while playing AC3 made me realize i am maybe fan of series. I liked all old ACs  1/2/Brotherhood/Revelations. I understand i was influenced by my ACtour  i played AC1 years ago, now i played all of rest in a row  AC2/Brotherhood/Revelations and AC3. Without any gaps between them so i had really space to do mostly unwanted comparisons between games.Pros beautiful environment, graphics, beautifuly changing weather between spring/summer/autumn to really snowy winter, where one can hardly walk in snow few enhancements to stealth system, stealth is more fun than it was before introduction to sea/navy fights, later enhanced and polished in ACIVBF, also beautiful rendering of sea environment and gameplay on sea is really fun and has its strong atmosphere, much more than rest of the gameCons dull and untrustable storytelling, jumps in story, not full continuity, sometimes very confusing storytelling dull or somehow empty rendering of main character really bad optimization for PC, one part of trouble is GPU optimization, second part is CPU optimization, this game is stupidly power hungry for no reason overall such buggy and glitchy game, huge leap from almost unbugged/unglitched previous versions of AC new main character Connor is just killing machine with stupid autoheal function from FPS games first FIVE sequences as tutorial and so called growing of your charater was really bad horses are back again   i was glad after Rome in Brotherhood there are no horses in Revelations, it just brings gameplay troubles. Horses cant go everywhere, of course, but what was worst during tutorial sequences your only chance to get horse is to get it in some willage. Later in game you will get horsewhistle, so you can call your horse anytime as it was in Brotherhood. But until then you will spend a lot of walking in deeps now in middle of nowhere etc., it was very annoying one of stupidiest thing for me  you play as native American, people, who whisper with horses and listen to Mother Earth and you are literally pushed to use only as few arrows in your quiver? Like as you are unable to catch a rabbit and they are plenty in game and just make an large quiver almost instantly? Same with other tools/pouches etc.Playing AC3 and then AC4BF made me realize that AC itself looks dead. Storyline of world of Assassins and Templars looks exhausted. But AC3 is bad in that it still pretends to be a nice AC game, but it is not. It has just its name. For me AC ended in most beautiful Constantinopolis with great Ezio.