Assassins Creed 3 is a big stepping stone in the Assassins Creed series. I will admit the story is definitely interesting, as different from the rest of the games. A few plot twists here and there, keep you wondering, what. Literally, if you are a big fan of the previous games in the series, you will understand after the Prologue missions.Every part of the game has been revamp, including the game engine used. There is a brand new interface, which can be very confusing for the first few hours to an Assassin Creed Veteran of the previous games. But once you get a hang of it, combat can be fluid, quick, and outright awesome. I cant say as much for your assassin buddies, as Ubisoft has done away from customizing your recruits. And this is the first game of the series, where the line Nothing is True, Everything is Permitted line. You are not bound by the creed of the assassin as much as in the previous games, but an assassin nonetheless.Movement is fluid, with the occasional wth moments, when your character jumps instead of slides under an obstacle, but that is done mainly through user error. Gunpowder plays a major role in this game, as you are no longer bound to only use Swords for most of the time, and can pick up enemy rifles, and pull out your own pistols. Can get dual pistols, when upgraded, and crafted.You are also no longer bound by land, as you can now take to the seas being the captain of your very own brig class French Warship. Not a man o war, but can still take one out if you know what youre doing. I will say, going on one of the very first missions as captain, jumping over heavy seas, in the middle of a big storm, bracing for big rogue waves, sure to destroy you if you are caught off guard. Definitely a great change of pace for the series, but the game has definitely changed, from the assassin perspective. Instead of assassinating targets, throughout the game you find yourself, chasing, and or following your targets. Stealth is quite hard in this game, as no matter where you hide, the AI just immediately know where you are. You end up spending most of the time playing with triangles, and trying to avoid them. Most of the time, you are in a brawl with most of your targets, taking them down with style, but not true of the Assassin Creed Series. You do more brawling, then actually assassinating.The game is great, and is a must buy in the series. Many new things have been added, and changed. Though can be a turn off for some Assassin Creed Veterans, who have mastered the previous control schemes of the previous games. It is aesthetically pleasing graphic wise, though lip syncing outside of cut scenes is horrid, and clipping issues galore with the new fabric PhysX system in place. Story is definitely something to remember, especially to those, really wanting to know what happens in the life of Desmond Miles.