Ok first of all everyone who is already thinking to compair Connor to Ezio just stop...He is way more like Altier. He matures over time both morally and character wise. I love connor honestly. Yeah hes got some anger issues but so did everyone else during this time period. I mean why wouldnt they be? Unfair laws, people abusing their power, land both from settlers and natives being unjustly taken. Come on people of course everyonesoff lol. I actually enjoy the story a lot and for the record natives actually did help with the cival war. And dont say they tried to over involve connor. What do you do in every single Assassins Creed game? You get involved in major historical events. Boston Tea party for example the developers made a joke using Connor because originally it was said the people dressed up as indians. Anyway games pros and Cons.ProsEven if they should see you in some of those bushes lol. Stealth is fully avalible in this game. If you cant stealth youre doing it wrong lol. I love being able to hide in the trees and such.The huge open world you can explore this game is beautiful and huge.The armory. This is always nice so you can always switch back to old gear if you want. Its in the manors basement.Again the story is actually really good. The Movies People made of this game are good but they dont even tell you 50 to 70 of the story for Assassins Creed 3. There is far more development then what haters say for this game and what movie makers have shown you. You really gotta play this one to get a real opionon on it. So its worth buying in a sale.Hunting. This is awesome and a very fun way to pass the time. It makes great amounts of coinDeveloping the land of your neighbors and doing side mission. I actually enjoyed these. They are very entertaining.That spear whip  haha. I wish I had it in the other games.Costumes. More ways to customize the character are always fun. I know its not new but always nice its there.The Ship battles. This is the game that introd it as far as I remember. Very very fun very very smooth ride and sailing.Being able to call a horse from anywhere. Thats always a plus. Them ninja assassin horses lol.Suprisingly the underground tunnels. I actually had a lot of fun exploring them. They are very large and whindy. It took me an hour and a half to explore it all.Again developing the land, if you enjoy such things, another way you can do this is through managing your trading, buying, selling that sort of thing.The mini game where its like chess or checkers. Its suprisingly a very entertaining game I can see players with a lot of money just sitting there and playing it for a few hours lol.And the little ways you can distract a crowd now and dissrupt guards. Throwing money and causing a Riot are always fun lol.ConsHaving to play as Connors father in the begining of the game. I dont give a flip about his dad I want to play as connor lol. Id rather them just explain his story then make you play as him. If he is suppose to be a tutorial then his gameplay is way too long lol.Having to play as Desmand. I love Desmand as a character I really do. But I do not want to be forced to play as him even if its only a short few times. These should have been purly videos not gameplay.Not showing the controls as Desmand. I still go wtf to this...Yes we are now in reality but we are still in a video game. That isnt challenging thats just stupid and annoying lol.Sometimes the controls feel unfamilar, had to get used to it and modify some controls back to the way the other games function on the pc. As well as to simply making the controls feel more comfterable to your hands.Wolves are extremely over powered in this game lol. I can kill bears. I can kill pumas aka cougars...but the wolves dear lord. And since they obvously are always in a pack you have to deal with at least 6 to 12 of them. Trust me people climb a tree throw down some bait and assassinate. Rinse and repeat until you get them all lol.My biggest pet pev with this game is I have had to look up way too many guides on how to do some things because the game is not clear enough I will go down the sub list for this. 1 It does not explain truelly how to lock pick. This is one of the first things you do in this game. PC wise I found out you must rotate it until you can hold it. Then move the mouse down straight, do so slowly so that you can get the click. Then you just click one of the mouse buttons until you break it. Its very simple once you understand how to do it though.2 This game does not give a fair amount of instructions and or info for missions 50 of the time. What I mean is half the time the game wants you to do something its not clear. Im not expecting word for word lead me on like a child sort of thing. For example the game tells you as an option you dont have to kill the guards but when you do cause maybe you got caught and felt you had no choice. Instant mission fail. Now why would it tell you its an option if you have to do it that way?3 Sometimes it takes way too long to load up where to go for a mission. Ill keep checking the map on where to go and maybe it will have been 20minutes before it finally shows the !.4 And lastly the marker on this game is horriable sometimes. It doesnt show up most of the time. The green shape. Until you are I dont know 200 to 300 meters from your destination?I HATE how the game will randomly change your weapon. I dont think this happens often but the game decided to repace my sword that I love and rock with. With a Two handed axe during an assassination mission. No not a tomohawk...A flippen two handed axe like a broad sword. I am an assassin why in the hell would I want a two handed weapon!? lol.The game does not explain you have a armory...lol. Its in the basement where you first got your assassin outfit just so you know all. So if the game decideds to switch out your gear just go back home and get it back.So to Sum it all up. I actually really love this game I do. It could have easily gotten a perfect 10. But sadly due to the little things that kinda screw it up I cant give it more then a 7.5 out of 10. Its worth playing but only after you can get it on sale. I paid 12 dollars because I got the DLC.  Again I highly have enjoyed this game I am really glad I baught it. Its a great way to pass the time because of the little things you can do to pass the time. Sailing a ship. Developing land. Hunting. Just walking the town and doing mini mission. Heck you can just ride around on a horse if you want. So yeah great game guys. If I gave it a higher score and ignore the little problems. Then Id give it a 8.5 to a 9 at least.