This is probably my favourite assassins creed game so far I havent played Black Flag yet though.The combat is pretty nice although, not much different from earlier games. The counter system has been changed, and now gives you the option of throwing/disarming/killing your opponent with either primary or secondary weapons but the enemy types remain roughly the same.There are now more stealth opportunities, with the ability to move through dense undergrowth undetected, and some of the optional and main missions reflect this. Theres still no option to stealthily move around normally though.Calling for support has also been changed, with a range of different options instead of just being able to call for a target to be assassinated or support in a fight. Some of them feel like they need a bit more work, particularly ambushes and the fake guards thing. Ambushes are slightly irritating in the rather long time between them being triggered and something actually happening although, this also happens with the standard assassination and marksman skills, but I tended to use them in less time sensitive ways. Fake guards can spawn either colonial or redcoat disguises, but theres no way to specify which, so you have to hope for the right one.Money is slightly problematic in the game. You no longer recieve any money for completing missions, but theres also very little to spend money on. The dyed outfits may be worth spending money on, and the maps are handy, but the better weapons can be crafted for less money and there doesnt seem to be much difference between different swords etc. Pistols are a little more noticeable in their differences, since some fire multiple shots at a time and some can be fired twice without reloading. The ship upgrades are largely worthwhile, but the naval missions arent really particularly important in the game so it seems a little dissapointing only spending money on upgrading the ship.The naval missions are damn fun though. The difficulty of them seems a little easy though, since the Aquila appears to be nearly indestructible compared to the enemy ships. A lot of the optional missions make it seem like controlling it should be harder, with stuff like 25 or less damage from hitting rocks appearing a couple of times.Most of the optional missions are pretty well chosen, adding some difficulty without being too annoying. There are a few exceptions, like when you have chase someone down busy streets without hitting anybody.The Tyranny of King Washington is damn fun too, with the animal spirit powers modifying the gameplay style a bit. I would recommend playing the standard game first, since there are no tutorials for anything other than the spirit powers and the control system is fairly different, and the collectibles do include spoilers for the main game including the ending of the game. My main problem with it is that you have to find additional weapons in treasure chests, and youre never given the opportunity of deciding to keep what you already have equipped rather than whats in the chest.There are problems with the game however. Its quite buggy. Some of the bugs may be due to me playing the game on a laptop thats a little below the minimum specs although the game largely ran fine for me.The most noticeable is that dyed outfits dont show up in cutscenes, and instead you always wear assassin white clothes the unlockable outfits do work though. Sometimes, weapons mysteriously unequip and have to be reequipped this mostly happened with Captain Kidds sword for me, but I also lost a tomahawk during the Tyranny dlc. The magic lanterns in New York and one of the Boston ones were blank, leaving me to solve them based on brief flashes of the symbols during transitions from the top to the right slots and youtube videos. Changing weapons/outfits are the homestead is also ridiculously slow, with massive pauses between pressing the button to change to the next weapon and the actual change happening.Cliff climbing is also introduced in this game, as well as free running through trees and the ability to quickly go over fences etc. instead of climbing onto them and jumping off them. These are all largely good, although it can be difficult to tell where a cliff can actually be climbed and where its just slight bulges in the cliff. Tree free running is pretty good, particularly when its been snowing, but there arent really enough branches for them to actually go where you want particularly when youre running around outside of missions.The actual plot of the game is pretty good, but it suffers one problem Conner comes across as quite dull. Im not sure whether its a problem with character being unlikeable or the monotonous voice acting though. As in this review, theres so much else going on that the plot feels more like another distraction than the main bulk of the game.And while, yes it is a game by Ubisoft and so it needs uplay to work, Uplay does seem to mostly keep out of your way. Theres a little delay at launch while it loads, and it likes reminding you about the dashboard when you start the game, but otherwise its pretty much invisible. Except when you complete an achievement/action. It does feel like it shouldnt really be needed though.TLDR Pretty good game, with a few problems.