WOW! there is no other words to describe this game it is absolutely fantastic. Set during the American Revolution 17531783 Assassins Creed III follows the centuries old struggle between the Assassins, who fight for peace with free will, and the Templars, who desire peace through control.AC III is set in the 21st century and features series protagonist Desmond Miles who, with the aid of a machine known as the Animus, relives the memories of his ancestors to find a way to avert the 2012 apocalypse. The story is set in the 18th century, before, during and after the American Revolution from 1753 to 1783, and it also follows Desmond Miless halfEnglish, halfMohawk ancestor, Ratonhnhakton, also known as Connor, as he fights the Templars attempts to gain freedom in the colonies.Assassins Creed III is set in an open world and presented from the thirdperson perspective with a primary focus on using Desmond and Connors combat and stealth abilities to eliminate targets and explore the environment. Assassins Creed III now features naval expeditions. Using Connors warship, the Aquila, the player can now navigate the high seas. Control of the ship relies on environmental factors such as wind direction and speed, local presence of storms, high waves, and rocks. Free running has been simplified to allow for more fluid parkour in the cities and wilderness, such as climbing and running on trees, mountains, cliffs, etc.Stealth is also revamped, allowing Connor to use natural elements such as tall grass and trees to hide, along with the ability to blend between any two people. Assassins Creed III really is a vast improvement over the other games in the series. While continuing the excellent story line. This game is full of amazing detail in every aspect Story, Graphics, ambiance, environment, sound and more.I really recommend this for the mere fact that it is always fun to play, and theres just so much to do in it improvement as it now features loads of new content while still retaining features from the previous games. I really cannot recommend this game enough it is just absolutely outstanding. Im definitely 100 sure that Assassins Creed III will not disappoint you in anyway at all!. 