Worst part ever. I thought, wow, Assassins Creed! I will fight, I will climb, I will jump from roof to roof! No. This part is about run ridiculously far, ride a horse and see the story videos. And learn useless things, like hunting or making trade caravans. I had one good fight in game. Then I figured out, that I missed the point  I had to run away and jump off the cliff. The enemies are endless. So, the best fight was an accident. Buildings are far from each other, so you cant run by roofs. Onetwothree houses and you have to make leap of faith  into a cart of rotten cabbage. So, there is no point to even climb anywhere. It does not make your way shorter or give you any fun. You have to run to the teleport point to activate it. Run a lot. And next time it still can be not available to jump to. If it is available, its still annoying, because when you need to jump to NY, you jump 1. To the end of location. 2. Walk to the end and teleport to... 3. Middle land, where you must. 4. Jump to the end of it. 5. Turn back and walk to the edge/gate. 6. Hello NY, it was a fast travel! Viewing points gives you nothing useful, so I just skipped it Horses stuck at every stone and cant jump over basic obstacles. So it is not faster sometimes You will learn to handle the ship. To use it twice. You will learn economics and trades and use it not even once. You will learn hunting and forget it as a bad dream. This is, actually, very good. Useless things are skippable. As well, as videos. Nice try with ability to climb the mountains and trees. But I won the game and still not sure, where I can do it and where I cant. One assassin walks into the bar... And he slowly walks through the hall, slowly goes to the second floor and get to the NPCs table. Every time. Because he cant run inside the buildings. Incredible amount of reruns and replays because of one idiotic wrong step. It is really annoying, when you cant do a simple, basic thing. The story. It is probably good, but lack of gameplay ruins it anywayOf course, game can be played deeper and wider. All this side missions. NPC quests, hunting, trading... But I just wanted to end this torture as fast, as I can. 