So I have just finished my playthrough of Assassins creed 3.Where should I start? This game is ELEGANT. More often than not in a game that is this far along in a series, mechanics are lost or ported to the new game without revision or change. This is not the case with AC3. It takes the already near perfect game elements of the previous four titles and hones them into this beautifully polished game package. Things like freerunning, cinematic combat, story missions, commerce...they all just shine. It is very easy to tell Ubisoft Montreal poured their hearts and love into polishing this game to the hilt. My lasting impression of this game is that it is very ELEGANT and very POLISHED.But the mechanics arent the only thing to shine in this game. The world does! It is the small touches that dont go unnoticed.  NPCs go about their daily business and have conversations, livestock and pets wander the streets and the environmental, weather and particulate effects such as fog or leaves blowing in the wind help make this already wonderfully immersive world come to life. It is ridicuously well done and I tip my hat to Ubisoft once again.The praise continues with the deep story and character development of the templars, Assassins and modern day crew coupled with extraordinary voice acting all interweaving to create a gross, engaging narrative. Hatham, Connor, Desmond, Altair and Ezio all feel like completely different assassins with different styles and I particularily enjoyed playing as Conner. As a character I found him very intriguing with a lot of depth. As a man trapped between many worlds he struggles to find a balance of whom he is...does he leave behind his heritage or embrace it? We see him change throughout the story from a boy that believes only in Black and White Morals to that of a wearied man that is forced to walk in the grey. He is honest, brutal and above all altuistic, a very interesting mix for an assassin. Conner for me felt different to that of Ezio in how I approached the game. He felt more, raw and direct, brutal in combat so that is how I played. Less stealth and more action. It is  not a bad thing! Just a character departure from the other games which is welcome with the changing of the guard.It took me 51 hours total to 100 this game so it was one of the longest in the series for myself I tend to average 40hours or so for a typical AC.So in conclusion I highly reccommend this game. It is immersive, polished and fun. A true triple A title!P.s I didnt comment on the abrubt ending as I feel my thoughts will change as the sequals develop and are released. Is it a set up for Black Flag? We will see.