As much as I wanted to like AC3, I consider it the low point in the series. Most importantly, I will focus on two things  the game itself and the PC version as such.First things first, I like things others might not like. Im easy to get suckered into enjoying management minigames even if theyre pretty hollow in this kind of games. Theyre a casual take on what the Patrician series does, but theyre often a nonessential thing. Some people consider these an abomination, though I personally like extra variety in gameplay.When its done right. The caravans in AC3 managed to screw it up. They went slightly for a trade game angle and botched it. The rewards are piddly for the effort  while your main source of income in the earlier games was passively buying businesses, you have to manage lowprofit crap yourself here. The interface is far from intuitive and it gets to the point where it just adds unnecessary micromanagement. I find trade games rewarding on their own but the minigame is tied into the action part heavily and you cant expand your empire from within while the assistance you get from it essentially makes stabbing some es a more optimal way to get money. This is the first deadly sin.But hey, its still Assassins Creed! Freeroaming and combat, right? Well, I found both rather crap. We get a hunting system with atrociously many quicktime events. This is the games second deadly sin. While I agree that QTEs might work in some games, they are a horrible, horrible practice. Id consider them a last resort because most of them are lazy. The one game I found the QTEs not too obnoxious and paced about right was Shadow of Mordor. AC3? An example of messing up an already flawed mechanic. Thats part of the exploration right there, and its gone wrong.But hey, at least we have the awesome Assassins Creed combat, right? Well... no. One word firearms. I generally loved AC because you can feel like a badass dispatching loads of guards. But AC3 is where the expansion in variety of combat is starting to hurt it. You could argue that it adds difficulty because ez and all games must be hard, and then I could punch you in the face. Difficulty has its place but most people who whine that games are too easy are obnoxious little  who want to boost their ego. This is coming from someone who likes Dark Souls. Partly because its a bit more challenging. Some people call it hard, I could agree with that... and then say that its not entirely that hard, actually and go off on a long rant. Point here is, combat is no longer stompy. While in ACR this point was closer to the end, you have to contend with a lot of firearms from an early point in the game and fights are no longer very fun. You could argue something about subtlety but were supposed to have a freedom of choice. Of course, its gotta come with some consequences but thats the problem its not strictly hard. The problem is that its somewhere between the golden spots of Brotherhood and Dark Souls  I simply found the combat in the game not fun. For something that puts you in combat a lot, its a bad thing. The third deadly sin. These two things are somewhat improved in AC4 but were still talking AC3, where wild animals, hunting and firearms in combat are still  Did I forget about something? Oh yes, naval combat. Do you know why? Because it still feels like it was just tacked on. Its a core and fun part of AC4, in here... well, it feels redundant.So from the other things to say Desmond still sucks. The overarching plot only shows the ultimate pointlessness of it, because spoilers. The setting is quite refreshing, as the whole estabilishment of the US of A by these thankless colonials is an interesting point in history, it probably couldve been made a little better but the effort wasnt just wasted effort. Well aside from how as a game, AC3 sucks.I could go on yammering about the typical Assassins Creed things but, obviously, Im just gonna stick to where it is in the series. If youre looking at 3 you probably know what the general idea of the series is, and thats parkour, killing poor sods who were unfortunate to get in your way, fighting an ancient conspiracy and/or trying to survive in a hostile world. Virtually every other game in the series is better and AC3 really just feels entirely, completely and absolutely skippable.Now, lets get to the real dealbreaker  Ubisoft. First of all, they insist on Uplay. Thats one thing you should hate them for, by the way, but they put out a few good games so they get away easy. But the real deal is they decided to take the money from their customers, then take a dump on them and run away laughing. What do I mean? Well, technical issues of course. I got the game to run but then around Boston I found the game borderline unplayable. Low framerates and stuttering. Even the supposedly more advanced AC4 runs better on my PS3  which happens to be weaker hardware than my PC. Even on minimum graphics settings. Even without getting to how they deliberately cut down the graphics in their new releases and cant even make a trailer that actually shows you a game. You have the goddamn assets, why do you spend extra time to make them worse? Not making nextgen buyers feel cheated is not an option because no one in their right mind would consider a console cuttingedge hardware.The last few points are not entirely relevant to AC3 but they sort of started with it its the point in the series when it was no longer running smooth for me for no apparent reason at all. My distaste with Ubisofts practices aside, theres a genuine problem with game performance here and hey, consider Saints Row  2 was poorly optimized but SRTT works very well even though it has more advanced graphics! and the fact that were forced into another download managery thing on top of Steam. I like Steam, thank you. Uplay and Origin are both cancer and downright We only just got rid of Games for Windows Live, why cant we remove that crap and just agree to use the cutting edge platform instead? I didnt buy it ON STEAM only to have to go through another, inferior service.In short Its still got the core AC series stuff Rather pretty, all things considered Its still got the core AC series stuff the modern times Desmond bits breaking the flow, that is Poor side mechanics caravans  trying to add depth to the minigames and making a monstrosity Screwing up core mechanics failed experiments with QTE and in combat Bad optimization Forces you to go through Uplay 