Assassins Creed III its best game of this series which who came before.At first I want to say about the multiplayer multiplayer at this hame got new big and good maps, but new gameplay... New gameplay have much bugs and just stupid. Best Multiplayer was at Assassins Creed Revelations.Single player this is new story in start you play for Assassin which join to Templars, this man father of protagonist, new locations Boston and New York and other few West Point, Frontier big location with forest and so on and the most important locations  this open ocean and the sea, where you can complete quests on the ship. You can upgrade your ship. And Manor where you will got quests with people, which find home or work. This people will work and live here. You can craft items they are even with the help of I like that.Weps you got new assassin knifes, tomahawk my favorite wep, pistols  you can have 2 pistols at belt.Gameplay this Brand New gameplay you can use the objects around you, absolutely new combo murder. New management is very convenient. You can also jump on the trees, fleeing from persecution through the open door or window in cities. To game added dogs, which can find you D At city walking much pigs, chickens, cats and dogs to game add kids D  you can interact with.Graphic this is an entirely new open world with new opportunities. For example change in the weather winter and summer, periodically snowing, rain and sunshine, and if you fall into the snow, then the character will slow down. In the game there is dirt on the pavement, as well as pools, stepping on you left a footprint. So, graphic is very beautiful.Story new story this is Revolution in America. That is very interesting... But some time its start bored. You play for Indian, which must kill few bad guys and him father. Indian join to Assassins. He is want freedom for all people. But this guy dont help to Revolution, but he thought that it helps. He just wants to save his people  what can I say about this man? He is egoist. He says that everything should be free, and his father Templar said that freedom  is chaos. And his father was right, because if all people are free, everyone would do what he wants and how he wants. If you manage people, then they will not be as savages.If you do not manage the company of people, they go mad.But in the words of the Assassins have the same truth.Managing people do not need to resort to violence and slavery.As I see it, I Templar DSo, this game is not for the faint of heart, there are a lot of cruel dramatic scenes. There were moments when I wanted to cry...Sorry for my English  