What can i say about this game? That its a dissapointment. But lets take it point by point.Firstly, what i always liked best about the game, the world. In this game its not very enjoyable. It does look very detailed and realistic, but the movement fluidity suffers greatly for it. The frointeir is the best example of what is wrong with this part of the game its large, nice to look at, but almost completelly devoid of stuff to do. There is also no practical way to fast travel though it, which means that no matter how goodlooking the forests might be, the game will foce you to run though them so much, that youll wish the environment was destructivle, just so that you could vent your frustration.Secondly, combat. This is actually the best aspect of the game. The attacks and counters are not guaranteed, youll need to focus on them, which makes them more satisfying. The game furnishes you with a lot of melee weapons, so you can pick your favourite style. Not against animals though, there you need to qte or die. The problem with melee combat is that more than a half of it is never explained and not obvious, and yet required by missions.There is also ranged combat, well, this is nice. But its inefficient and pointless, really. Youll try it for a bit and go back to swords and daggers.Lastly there are additional gadgets like rope darts, which give you additional kill mechanisms like hanging your opponent. This is nice sometimes, but again is largely pointless and will be disregarded by most players.Now then, the missions. These are nice in the beginning, but boring later. The synchronization is either not challenging, or frustrating due to poor design, depending on mission. The ship missions are badass though, but again suffer from synch failures.The worst aspect of the game are the characters. Connor is ty and annoying. He is also painfully bland, which he tries to make up for by yelling, a lot. Think an annoying cousin of bruce willis here. The other characters are even worse. The story characters are just sad to talk about. The british ones are caricatures, clearly the game devs thought that making this a yankee doodle with bad, evil british would sell well in the US, sad just sad.The last good part of the game is the multiplayer, which is still good and adds some new modes.Some last thoughts. The crafting system is long winded and pointless. The minigames are horrible as the AI never makes a mistake. The historical reality is an insult. Lastly, side missions and activities are ENTIRELY POINTLESS, like much of the rest of this game.I recommend that you stay away from the game. Some other reviews will point out some singular good points in the game, but all in all its a huge mess, which will never be fixed as Ubisoft doesnt give a toss about old games. 