If I want to finish the game, I put my thumbs up. However my review might sound like I do not recommend this game. Take it as you wish. Because I wouldnt vouch for this game. I love the characters! Hathem, Connor, even les e. The journey becomes much more emotional when the characters are spot on. Here, they delivered it very well. I love the animals. My favorite were the racoons. They were so cute! Hahaha. Loot became faster. Love the characters but they changed the main charcters appearance into goons. Desmond became a turtle. His neck is like that of a tortoise of Galapagos. It was so hard to be emotional with him. That is not the worst part, unfortunately. Those two scientsit buddies, their voice are the same, very good, but their appearance got butchered! I dont know if they got sued or something and were forced to change them but this is just terrorizing! Main story was going well until the very last moment. In order to proceed the series they tilted the story in a very weird way. One you would frown and say, Huh? You just cant relate to it. The battles were spectacle and thrilling than ever but only in the beginning. When the game actually starts it gets frustrating. Grant it that battles of previous series were quit easy, very easy even, but this is just frustrating. Not even hard. Going up in parkour became easy however moving around became irritating is it could ever be. Get ready to yell out some vulgar language. Moving to your main mission location by fast travel has become somewhat idiotic. Once you miss the dialogue it becomes very inefficient. I dont think developers never played this game. Enough with the twitches for the love of god! Lockpickng is too sensitive. Way too sensitive. Homstead option, where you trade and all, was a disaster. There were no equipment upgrades or what so ever. If there were it might have been in the ship quests which felt like waste of time and had nothing to do with the story or the environment. Why did they put that in anyway? 