Nothing is true, everything is permitted. Well graphics are stardartly good gameplay free run is somehow same as previous ACs story is not as good as it could be and some parts are really stupid from some point of the game i wished for game ending or my death naval missions were nice. Rly. Yeep i mean it. ROGUE WIND .... lmao. nope ROGUE my AS.... its just a game right? combat mechanics ....seriously guys the ? I mean the  ?its like you just wait for counter if there is more than 4 soldiers and that counter u even cant finish nor profit from it somehow or break defence.... rly? ... need in upgrades 0 u will find that your tomahawk is imba already need in some RPG strategy something in your homestand 0 good feeling perhaps just farm some bear and elk hides andor find some 7.5K chests and buy only thing u may want  upg your ship for... what. For better feeling or some inner peace may be. and those optional mothering goals !!! in about 60 is really annoying like kill this and that 0/3 in some only way like from above for example...well if there is some captain on ing HORSE in middle of enemy camp where is litterary no high ground or tree ! i need to call of U.F.O. survive their experiments and pray from drop off right in time above that nice little fella captain who needs to die and noone know why. Well someone has to die right ?and of course secound alternative goal was not get detected D and like dont kill more than 7 regulars... mmm do i really need to care to ing count my kills ? that i dont care what exact soldier can die ? whatever ! just pls no more than 7 thx. ubisoft pls i do respect optionals like do not drop health more than 33 do not get detected etc. but forcing me to perform some SPECIAL attack in some wierd way and pls 3 times in this mission or in the end nice red X u will find and replay. well i had some ambitions like to complete like most of the game... 85 or may be 99 but with those secundary objectives you can literary go update yourself and the game. single player in previous AC i would like to replay but in this one i rather perform some painful anal orgy than play this one again nice hunting system btw terain composition is nice but those trees stones and the other sh... oh wait just trees stones are placed really magicaly but its somehow ok there is lot of bugs jumping in special areas is not as fun as it was in previous seriesi played this game as non hater i gave this one a chancei like whole AC. but this one is really not 8/10by graphic yep 9/10 by game play 5/10because you can make MACRO on you mouse for killing every wild animal in this game ! and there is more but... was enough hate for this day. I dont even want to try MP. No motivationDid anyone else spend like 1 hour in NY underground ?last thing is that REALLY NECESSARY TO PLACE ENDING SUBTITLES WITH NO OPTION TO STOP ? 20 minutes OF EXTRAGAMEPLAY  NEW level of marketing?my english is bad i know and i dont care bcs im not yenkee nor m8 m8 oright?and go to hell with UPLAY 