Id heard a lot of bad things about ACIII, but after finally getting around to play it I found almost none of them were true. ACIII is a good game. Not a great game and not the best AC game, but still fun to play and worth playing.It wraps up Desmonds Story, tells a good historical story in the 18th century, explores the whole Templar/Assasin conflict from a different angle and Conner is an interesting ProtagonistNot as cool as Ezio but none of them as as cool as Ezio. Not to mention the Naval Combat is fun, the Treasure hunting/Peg Leg missions are nice extension of the whole Assasin Tomb/Prince of Persia Platforming levels and even the homestead development is interesting.My biggest issue with the gameother then remapping the controls yet again is that is doesnt feel much like an AC game. Sure, the bad guys are Templars but a lot of it feels in name only. The homestead is interesting but does feel very removed from everything elseand the crafting system also feels a bit useless when you realize furs sell for a lot more then more of the stuff you can craft.My other Pet Peeve Conner occasionally gets Forrest Gumped into things. Why is he there to witness the signing of the Declaration of Independence? Who knows other then Ubisoft wanted him there. Why is Conner picked to command troops during certain battles, despite him not actually being in the Army? Why is he riding Paul Reveres horse? Illusion of Agency? Its a lot of fun, dont get me wrong and its better then watching from the sidelines but it does break suspension of disblief at times.That being said, the King Washington DLC takes Suspension of Disbelief and tosses it gleefully aside. In an Alternate History, King Washington has an Apple of Eden and uses it to make the US into a dystopian nightmare that he rules as King, shooting Laser beams at those who oppose him. Conner, meanwhile, drinks drug laced tea from a magic tree and gains magic shapeshifting Native American Superpowers that allow him to turn invisible in plain sight, fly between rooftoops and bear stop American Soldiers. Its Wonderfully Silly, despite being a lot darker then the base game and worth a try. Its to ACIII what Blood Dragon was to Far Cry 3also by Ubisoft, interestingly enough. 