I nominated this game for the No Apologies award even with its mixed reception, even with its selfevident flaws, ACIII still remains, for me, one of the series highlights.I can understand why others feel different. Coming off the very successful Ezio Trilogy, with its charming protagonist and colourful Mediterranean romps, to this, where you play as a moody teen in a downbeat tale of dashed hopes and broken promises...its a hell of a transition. I dont blame people for feeling let down.But for me, thats one of its strengths. A series only survives as long as Assassins Creed has done by constantly trying new things, and this game is that attitude in abundance. Any effort made to avoid staleness is to be commended, whether it works out or not.And a lot of whats here does work. The combat mechanics are superb, building on Ezios combokills to new heights of speed and fluidity. The rural setting, with its climable rocks and trees, makes freerunning fresh and exciting again, bringing back a vivid sense of...well, freedom, that was perhaps wearing off by this time. And whilst Black Flag makes it feel primitive in retrospect, the naval missions still remain a series highlight.But what I like most is something very simple this is one of a very few stories, in any medium, to dare criticise George Washington, and the Founding Fathers as a whole. Many countries have a founding myth, but Americas is one of the most dominant in global culture, and even now so much of it remains unquestioned. A story that places the Revolution in its fullest historical context  that of the native tribes, the first owners of the land over which the white colonists were squabbling, and to whom the Patriot victory was a disaster  is something that simply doesnt happen often enough, especially in a TripleA title like this.That being said, ACIII does have its shortcomings. Even Im not blind to that. Its obvious that the studio were working under a tight deadline, and the largerthanusual portion of bugs and glitches is testament to that. The story also suffers, ultimately, with both Connors and Desmonds plots coming to rushed, underwhelming endings, which is a particular shame considering their strong starts.Personally, Im willing to put that aside. The aspects of this game that work, and they work very well indeed, are more than enough to make up for the aspects that dont.