I bought the Deluxe Edition of this game while it was on sale so it was about 20. I absolutely love how much detail has been put into the world, and the Multiplayer is fun as well. The parkour is usually fun, but has its kinks. The same goes for the combat. I have experienced few glitches, but the glitches I have experienced almost make the game unplayable. There are also some minigames that are REQUIRED for some missions, but they are very hard to control using a keyboard. Ive seen some people complain that the world is too big, and that you spend too much time just running around. This is almost a pro for me, because it gives me more time to play the game, and it makes the collectible challenges feel more challenging, especially when you can just buy a map that shows you where is everything which was very helpful.ProsParkour is fun FOR THE MOST PART. There are a few glitches I will discuss later. Its really fun to run across rooftops or treetops, and I really love how realistic it feels. I dont feel like Im some sort of superhuman, just a really cool dude.Combat is fun FOR THE MOST PART. There are a few glitches I will discuss later. Its fun to be able to take on a bunch of baddies at once like a badass, and I love how the more people you kill in the open world, the more dangerous the enemies become until you die or go incognito. I also love how different enemies must be taken down in different ways.Multiplayer is fun FOR THE MOST PART. There are a few glitches I will discuss later see a patern?. Multiplayer really does seem to require some skill, and is far from the button mashing combat system in single player. I actually have to try to strategize, and had to learn to detect subtle movements made by players that would indicate whether they are trying to kill me. The multiplayer is one of the main reasons I bought the game. I just wanted to get on and kill some of my friends.The different outfits I have unlocked are really cool. Not only can you unlock different outfits entirely, but you can buy new color configurations for your original Assassins uniform. While there are some DLC outfite which I got with the Deluxe Edition, most of the outfits are unlockable in the game, and are sort of like acheivements. I am so happy that the game went this route, instead of making all the outfits DLC.ConsSometimes it is hard to direct where you are going to jump while parkouring. Sometimes I seem to jump in a direction that I never meant to, or I somehow jump off a ledge and die when I dont mean to. Sometimes I cant climb at all unless I run away and then run back to the wall. This becomes very annoying when I am trying to be stealthy.Combat is okay. It tends to get pretty repetative, and it also glitches. I seem to often encounter situations where I obviously parry an attack, but for some reason it doesnt work. Ive also had situations where I become stuck in the slowmo mode that turns on when you kill people. This has happened a couple times, so it isnt really a biggy.Multiplayer bugs sometimes.There are other random bugs I will experienceThe story is a little boring and lazy. Sometimes things conveniently line up, or characters make diecisions that dont make sense. Other times relationships or dialogue seems forced. This is more apparent in the side missions where you are taking care of your homestead. Sometimes the story can get very boring, and missions will often become go talk to this person, and then go talk to this person for hours on end. There are several minigames spread throughout the game. Some are well integrated, while others are hard to control and clunky. Often times no instructions are given, and you are left on your own to figure out how the game works. This ususally isnt a problem, unless you are required to play the minigame for a mission.This game is fun for me, but I dont know if its for everyone. Theres alot of running around, and the action isnt super fast paced. While this would make it seem stealth focused, the stealth mechanics are mediocre. However, it is still fun, and I have really enjoyed the multiplayer. So far I havent encountered anyone other than myself who uses the voice chat. I wish more people did, because that would make multiplayer much more fun. I will probably rack up many more hours before I put this down. 