Download size about 20 gigabytesPlay time about 30 hours skipping most side missionsAssassins Creed 3 is an Ubisoft game, which means it requires the Uplay game platform to run, even if you bought the game on Steam.  I paid a little extra for the deluxe edition, which means it comes with all the DLCs, kind of like a Game of the Year edition.  Unfortunately, Uplay has a weird way of activating the deluxe edition. I downloaded the game through Steam, and upon launching, Uplay asks for the game key. Not a problem, since Steam has a little window telling you the serial numbers. But once I entered the key and the game actually launched, I had to type in the additional keys that unlock the games DLCs one by one. I couldnt copy and paste, I actually had to write down the 3 serial numbers and type them in manually. There were a few hickups server errors, but it went through eventually.Story with mild spoilersIf youve played the previous Assassins Creed games, youll know that most of the game is taking place inside a computer simulation, while in the real world the protagonist Desmond Miles is one of the last descendants of the Assassin brotherhood. Desmond is using a machine called the Animus to relive the genetic memories of his ancestors. In the real world, in the not too distant future, there is some sort of world ending natural disaster about the happen. Thousands of years ago an alien race predicted the disaster and set plans in motion to stop it all the plans failed. Desmond and his companions are trying to gather the alien relics/technology to stop the apocalypse. To do this, Desmond is reliving his ancestors memories to find where the items were hidden throughout history. Inside the Animus, the games memories begin around 1750 in England and quickly move to the New World where you live the life of Haytham Kenway. Kenway eventually has a son with a Native American woman and 20 years later you take over playing as Connor, carrying on the Assassin legacy of fighting Templars.In terms of gameplay, AC3 is almost identical to the previous games. Its a third person game similar to the Batman Arkham series and you spend a lot of time free running and climbing buildings. Combat seems to have been simplified this time around, and you really only use a few buttons Attack, Counter, Break Defense, and Special Attack gun. Since the game takes place around the American Revolution, guns play a bigger role than in previous Assassins Creed games, but you still use your melee weapons 90 of the time. Ammunition is limited and reloading takes a long time. Like the previous games, youll spend most of your time outside of story missions The Assassins Creed games are open world with tons of side missions and collectibles. The most useful side quests are synchronizing viewpoints climbing tall buildings to reveal large map sections and unlocking fast travel points exploring underground tunnels to create map waypoints. The underground sections are pretty boring, but the fast travel unlocks are time savers later on.You can gain money in the Animus by completing quests and opening treasure boxes throughout the game world. The treasure boxes are usually locked, leading to a VERY annoying mini game where you need to pick the lock. The lock picking was clearly designed for console controls, not the PC, so it can be frustratingly difficult to accomplish you use the mouse and need perfect vertical/horizontal control or you start all over. Fortunately, like most of the side stuff, the treasure chests are optional. This is because you really dont have that many things to spend your money on. You can buy new weapons not much improvement over your default gear, treasure maps so you can find more money  that you dont need, and ship upgrades this is actually useful. The other collectibles in the game dont really do anything except increase your synchronization which is just your game completion percentage. You dont level up in the game so theres no gameplay benefit to increasing your synchronization. Ive heard that the only thing you get from higher synch is unlocking outfits for you to wear.I mentioned the ship upgrades earlier, and the naval missions are actually a highlight of the game. At various points in the game, you captain a warship named the Aquila, and sail around blasting British ships. Its a lot of fun, which is probably why the next game in the series  Assassins Creed Black Flag is based around pirate gameplay. The ship upgrades that you can buy are all extremely expensive, but can give you a tremendous edge in battle improved armor and weapons. I ended up spending pretty much all my money on ship upgrades.ProsLong game where you can spend all day exploring preindustrial American and hunting various animals. The hunting is fun for a little while, but is kind of pointless in the grand scheme of things.Engaging story, both in the real world, and in the Animus. The main reason I wanted to get this game was to see how things work out for Desmond in the real world.Theres a lot of variety to be found in the game. A lot of missions are stealth based while there are also times where you just need to slaughter everyone. The navy missions are a great diversion.ConsAdditional layer of DRM Uplay. Its not as bad as some people make it out to be, but it can still be annoying, adding an extra 1015 minutes to installation procedures and you need to open Uplay after launching the game through Steam every single time. Ill admit I was worried when I heard that the game was badly designed for AMD processors/Graphics cards, but I didnt notice any problems. The game ran smoothly. Both my CPU and GPU are AMD cheap ones.Side missions/collectibles are basically useless, as outlined above. If the game had Steam achievements, I probably would have spent a lot more time chasing side quests, but as it is, theres really no reason for me to grind for collectibles or money. The whole crafting system for the game was pointless since I didnt need the money. There are some really annoying parts to the game, such as the final chase sequence but if you dont care about synchronization, you could blow right through the game. Most of the quests have optional requirements such as dont be detected. It really is as hard as you want it to be. One thing that reallyme off was the 20 minute unskippable end credits of the game. If you just force the game to close, youll miss the final cutscene and next couple missions, and you cant alttab out of the game to let it run in the background it just pauses.The gameplay DLCs for the game are the Benedict Arnold missions, and Tyranny of King Washington TOKW. The Benedict Arnold missions were pretty short, probably less than an hour, but the Tyranny of King Washington is quite long, possibly 56 hours.  TOKW seems to take place in an alternate universe, and include some magic powers that make the game a lot easier.All in all, I would recommend Assassins Creed 3 to anyone who has played the previous games and enjoyed them. A couple of people warned me that AC3 is the weakest in the series, but I cant say I liked/disliked it any more than the previous ones. If youre a game trader, you can get the deluxe edition for about 4 TF2 keys 10 when Steam has it on sale.