First of all, I want to point out that this is not a bad game. Not quite. There are many things done very well, and it has lots and lots of decent ideas. But then again, it was Ubisoft who made that game, and as we well know they have to screw something up sooner or later. And they did. And so, the wasted potential of Assassins Creed III pours right out of the screen.Lets start with good things, though. It has a great setting. I am honestly surprised that there are very few companies who decided to use western or semiwestern times to set their game in. Although I dont know if this one qualifies as one set in the Wild West, it does have native americans, so for me, it counts.I wish it was not, but I have to admit that this is as close as we are gonna get to a good game in those climates on PCs... with exeption of Activisions GUN of course.Moving on. This game has hunting. And it is awesome. For a while, at least. It is really well done, and can be used as an easy way to make some money. Includes everything, baits, trapping, and air assassination performed on deer.The environments are as good as you would expect from an AC game. Pretty when you look at them, and while traversing the landscape you will find lots of ways to use it to your advantage. You can hide in bushes, too, which is cool.Connors weaponry has some variety to it, too. You get a tomahawk, a rope dart, whatever that is, poison darts, a flintlock pistol, or even two, and you can even use a musket, and you get all your standard AC stuff.One thing that bugs me, is that Connor does not have to aim down the sights. He just fires, and hits. Every time. But he is an Assassin, so I will let that slide.But all the good things about this game get pounded into dirt by its controls. Remember how in AC2 you had four buttons to work with? Legs, head, hand and high profile? Well, here you got one. For all those functions. It makes it impossible to choose what you want to do in some spots, when you have two options. It is borderline random.Fighting bad guys feels how it should though. You got your counter attack, combos, all that stuff, and stats of your weapon sometimes even matter. It is a somewhat decent aspect of this game.Lets talk about the protagonist now. Connor. He is a . I dont like him. I honestly wish that I could play through entire game as the templars. Oh, did I mention? You dont even meet Connor until you are onethird into the game! Okay, enough with the spoilers.It does have open world, too... but it sucks. Compared to AC2 or other similiar titles, like Prototype, or Red Dead Redemption not released on PCs,  you, Rockstar, it feels empty. It has some intresting sidequests, like Captains Kidd Treasures, but most of them are boring. Like assassination contracts. You dont get a single target to whom you need to get to and kill. You get five nameless dudes, who sometimes get a map marker, and sometimes they dont. It really isnt what I expected, and I was disappointed.What I kept coming back for, were the naval missions. Sailing near the coast of US of A was a really nice experience, and ship battles were very well done too... which is why they made Assassins Creed IV. And if you want ships, you shoud buy four, not three. But it was done in three, and I respect that.Also, you can climb trees, now. Thank you, Rebecca. I have waited long enough.The multiplayer mode is there, but it couldnt hold your attention for too long. It is somewhat better than the previous one, but not that much of an improvement.As you play through the game you will get that strange feeling. You will know that all of that could, and should, have been done better. If they gave it more time, it could be a really good game. But sadly, they didnt.The game was much shorter than I anticipated. I beat the main story in one night. Almost. Again, I will compare it to its predecessor, AC2. Remember the net of all the big fishes in there? It was cool. You had something to pursue. In three, you have five dudes. One of them is just a mercenary. That is what I call laziness, ladies and gentlemen.Overall, this game is not terrible. It is not even bad. Closer to unfinished, but decent, still. Nearly impossibly hard to 100 it, and a bit frustrating, but decent. And yet, it is not as good as previous one. And I am not talking about Revelations or Brotherhood. Those do not count. If you want the best in series, better get Assassins Creed 2. If you own an XBOX360 or PS3, buy Red Dead Redemption. I cant honestly recommend this game at full price, but if you find it for 10 euro, you might want to pick it up. It is not a bad experience.Assassins Creed III gets my six out of ten.