Assassins Creed III is the third main installment in the Assassins Creed series. It features a new engine AnvilNext as well as a complete new set of animations and new assets. It is therefore a fresh new start in the series, with a new protagonist and yet still delivering the same narrative style and continuin the story of the previous games.The AnvilNext engine was promoted for its ability to display enormous crowds, making the games open world and cities feel much more alive. Additionally, it allows the game to display a great number of soldiers making historic battles Battle of Bunker Hill, etc much more believable. At least, thats what was stated during the promotional campaign.The truth is that the developers have delivered on their promise when it comes to displaying civilians around the cities of Boston or New York, however, the main instance where you are actually seeing a legitimate battle taking place, at the Battle of Bunker Hill, is a joke.Yes, there are quite a bit of NPCs rendered, however, they feel very static and the interaction is very limited, they are displayed on the background and you do not get to have a significant part in the action.Next up, we have the infamous combat system of the AC games. If you are looking for a skill based combat which will challenge you throughout your experience, this is not it. It is based upon button mashing and counter kills. I dont think it is that much of a turnoff, but for some people it might be very boring and repetitive if not distracting.I do not think AC3 is a bad game, there obviously was quite a bite of effort and love put into it, however I have a couple of main problems with it.1  The TutorialI have never seen a longer tutorial in a game before. It literally takes about 57 hours to compelete the entire sequences of the game which are designed to form the protagonist into the skilled Assassin he is meant to become. However, you might think that this might be dentrimental to his development as a character. Worry not, most of these sequences are simply narrated cutscenes in which you have no possible control over. Plainly said, the game is way too slow in its beginning.2  The StoryThe story of this game is just not believable. Part of me thinks the game as a whole and especially towards the end was extremely rushed. The dialogues are bland and way too random. I cannot count the amount of Ex Machinas in this game in order to drive the narrative forward, such as random characters giving an answer to a plot point. The protagonist is annoying, and the main redeeming factor of the story is that the modern day elements of this particular AC games are actually very well executed and quite enjoyable.All in all, AC3 is not a bad game and for its current price it deserves a try and you might find it quite fun. But do not expect a masterpiece.6.5/10.