Having enjoyed the previous entries in the Assassins Creed series, I picked this game up for the Xbox 360 on the day of release, having the previous titles II through Revelations as I thought 1 was mostly irrelevant next to the console. For the next month, I enjoyed this game wholeheartedly, and eventually the DLC.Music This soundtracks orchestral pieces match PERFECTLY with the timeline in Ubisofts mindset. Puts one in the mood for the Colonial Ages.Graphics/Presentation For 2012, this still holds up to these days and shows only slight aging. The open world is lustrious and blooming with nature, and the shaders dont feel aged. Presentation wise, they captured the Colonial Ages and the American Revolution with perfection in style. Voices are made to sound mostly English, with some American. The Mohawk Valley tribe vocals are done well, minus a few times.Characters I will mainly talk about Connor here. Connor Ratonhnhakton Kenway is nowhere near the indepthness of Ezios story, but interesting none the less. We get to see Connors life unfold as he grows, from watching his village burn to that of Washingtons forces, to meeting him in person and not expecting forgiveness himself, and even up to meeting his own father, Haytham Kenway, the son of Edward from Black Flag. He meets Achillies, and is trained by him in the ways of an Assassin. Achillies at one point met with Adewale, Edwards former quartermaster and at that point an Assassin. So, he trained Ratonhnhakton in these ways, eventually ending his training abruptly in death. We watch as we have to bury Ratonhnhaktons former mentor in grief and stormy weather. This game shows us Connors personality. How he helped Washington even after the burning of his village, forgiving him because he didnt know better. How he never left Achillies home to be trained, even after being rudely blocked out by him. He was determined in his life.Story It was alright. Not good by any means, but wasnt At least it had a story.Rating 9/10 A Near Perfect Game Story Kills That One PointI realize now that it will take time, that the road ahead is long and shrouded in darkness. It is a road that will not always take me where I wish to go  and I doubt I will live to see it end. But I will travel down it nonetheless.Ratonhnhakton, 1783