I fail to understand why AC3 has been getting so many negative reviews. Admittedly it may have something to do with me getting into it long after the final DLC and/or patches came out, but a lot of the bad reviews Ive been seeing have less to do with issues in the software and more with the game itself.I liked AC2 more than the first, Brotherhood more than AC2, Revelations more than Brotherhood... every single one has been nothing but an improvement upon the previous in nearly every way. This is no exception.That doesnt mean I have no complaints myself. I still have the same complaints I did when I first started Brotherhood. The arbitrary camera helper angles, during certain dungeon missions, and certain scenes that are nigh impossible to finish  especially in the case of. Ive also never been fond of requirements for full synchronisation. I find most of them tedious in the extreme, so I usually just ignore them. Static Collision Detection and how the parkour triggers are affected by it also still needs a lot of work. But, as suggested, littletonone of that has anything to do with AC3 itself. Its just stuff that I dont care for, and a couple other things Ubisoft are still working on.And I gotta say, after those privateering missions, I can certainly see why Black Flag is such a success by comparison. Ive always been fond of the concept of maritime naval warfare in gaming, but I would never have expected an Assassins Creed game to fill that niche. I will certainly be getting AC4 Deluxe when I can.And now for one of those silly out of ten ratings 9/10 would be ten if not for, the most frustrating part of the entire game for meA little apropos Ive seen a lot of complaints about AC devs and storywriters failing at historical accuracy and/or realism. Hey uh, guys? Its a,a damned simulator intended for educational purposes. It even clearly states during startup that it is inspired by historical people and events. Thats ,based on. Seriously, stop it. Its embarrassing, just stop.Oh and? Still a better ending than Mass Effect 3. Shameless plug, I know, but it doesnt make it any less true.Anyways, yes, I do indeed recommend this game. Wholeheartedly.