Assassins Creed 3 is the fifth game in the Assassins Creed series Even though it has a 3, a series known for its amazing characters, fun combat, and historic settings. How does AC 3 compare to the rest of the series? Well, lets take a look. The setting for this one is the Revolutionary War in North America. You follow Connor Kenway as he discovers what being in the Assassin Brotherhood is all about and seeks revenge. Its up to Connor to take down the Templar Order sect set up in North America. The story presented in this one is definitely fun, although not the best in the series, it still does a good job. Also, there are a couple of twists thrown in to mix things up and one of them is amazing!Now, lets talk about Connor for a moment. Connor is the WORST character in the entire franchise! Hes nothing like Ezio at all! Only joking. All jokes aside, Connor is different than Ezio, which is good. We dont need an Ezio every single time, and an original character is better than an Ezio clone cough Arno cough. If you want to like Connor, accept him for who he is and understand where hes coming from, and dont compare him to Ezio. Connor is a little of an acquired taste, but if you pay attention to the story, youll understand him and appreciate him. Im not saying that hes the best character, but hes still a good one. Hes serious and a stone cold killer, willing to anything short of breaking the creed to get to his goals.Without spoiling anything, there is another playable character in the game, Haytham. Haytham is an absolutely amazing character, and an interesting one at that. The short time you spend with him is time well spent. There are plenty of other characters in the game as well, such as Charles Lee, Lafayette, Samuel Adams, Benjamin Franklin, and the man himself, General George Washington. Except for a few annoying characters, all of the characters are great, wellwritten, and well voiced. There are definitely some big changes from this game and the ones before. First off, the combat has been changed. You still have countering and stealth kills, but the combat feels different. There are parts where it slows down and provides brutal kills. The slowing down is pretty cool, but sometimes it can get annoying. The style in which Connor fights in is different from what weve seen before. This is best left for you to discover. An Assassins Creed game wouldnt be the same without its weapons, and there are plenty of new weapons to explore. This is the first AC game with firearms well, besides the wrist pistol in the Ezio games. There are various flintlock pistols, as well as rifles. They take a solid 3 seconds to reload, so theyre not the quickest things, but theyre deadly. Other new weapons include rope darts, which allow you to hang enemies, drag them off of rooftops, and pull them close. A bow has been added as well, which allows for a more silent and faster ranged kill. Connors main melee weapon, a tomahawk, also deals a lot of damage and is probably one of the most brutal weapons in the game. Also included with the game are familiar weapons like swords, spears, and of course, the two iconic hidden blades.With these weapons in hand, its time to kill some noobs. There are a small variety of enemies, including snipers, standard redcoats, grenadiers who wield axes and, well, grenades, commandertype soldiers, who carry a sword and pistol, and fastacting knivemen. The AI is fairly standard, but are fun to chop down. Something new thats been added in their code is the ability to line up and shoot at you. This also introduces a new mechanic that allows you to block their bullets by using a human shield. I personally though this was a great idea, and its great to see it being used in later AC games. Besides that, theres not much new with the enemy AI. Oh, and they still cant swim...Other new mechanics have been added, such as lock picking. Honestly, lock picking is absolutely terrible, but luckily it only comes up twice in the main campaign. They shouldve taken a page out of Skyrims lock picking. A big mechanic that has never been seen before in an AC game until now is naval combat. The naval combat was perfected in Black Flag, but here it needed work. Its decent and fairly enjoyable, but its definitely been improved. There are a couple of missions in the campaign that utilize this, but its not used often. You can fire cannons at enemy ships as you sail along the East Coast to get supplies, which can be used to upgrade the ship. The cannons, though, arent quite as movable as they are in later games.Since there is a good portion of frontier in the map, there arent many rooftops to run across. In fact, the rooftops in the cities are actually pretty well guarded, as if the game designers dont want you to parkour around. A new tree parkour Or Treekour mechanic has been added. Its pretty great and entertaining and gives us that much needed parkour. Also, rock climbing as been added to the game, for even more climbing action.This game is jampacked with new things, like petting animals! You can also pet wild animals really hard...with blades. Hunting has been throw into the mix to provide you with extra things to do. Theres rabbits, wolves which are hostile, foxes, bears, dear, and more, all waiting for you to kill them. I personally didnt indulge in the hunting Im not a hunting person, in real life and in video games, but it definitely adds more entertainment. Once you kill the animal by either setting traps or killing them with your weapons, you can craft new items with the pelts or sell them for money. Overall, its a wellmade new mechanic and a great edition to the game.If youve ever played one of these games, youre familiar with the notoriety system. If youre a newcomer, the notoriety system is just a wanted system. The higher the notoriety, the more aware guards are of you. Its stayed the same throughout the Ezio trilogy so, the creators decided to change it up. Once you have one level of notoriety, when you pass a soldier, they will go after you if you stick around for too long, and it doesnt take much for this to happen. Theyve made it more likely that youll be attacked by guards if you even just have one level of it. This can be annoying if all you want to do is complete a mission, or simply get to where you need to go. How do you get rid of this? Well, you can tear down wanted posters to remove 1 level of notoriety, bribe a town crier to remove 2 levels, and bribe a printing press to take away 3 levels. The new ways of removing notoriety definitely spice things up, but the new system of notoriety can get very old very fast.Other mechanics include fast traveling without taking a boat and tunnels to also fast travel in this time, you actually get to walk through the tunnels. These two mechanics are handy when youre in a hurry to get to your next mission.Since weve discussed new things that have been added, lets talk about things that have been removed. Armor is no longer in the game, which does make sense considering people usually didnt wear armor in the Revolutionary War. Medicine has been taken out of the game, so you have to heal naturally. Nothing else has been taken away, but it takes some getting used to if youve played the other games first.If youre familiar with AC, then you know that theres a modern story that connects with the past. Here, we see Desmond Miles and his group once again, trying to stop the Apocalypse. Say what you will about the previous modern day story, this one is actually pretty darn good! Theres some fun moments and the story is actually great.In the end, Assassins Creed 3 may not be the best AC game, but its definitely a fun sequel. I definitely recommend checking out the rest of the series first Especially the Ezio Trilogy!, but this one is one youll definitely not want to skip out on. 