This game could have been truly great. And yet, the entire experience seems to tease what could have been and never completely fulfills that promise. After coming off the excellent selfcontained Ezio trilogy all technically considered part of ACII, it makes sense that the aging franchise could use a bit of a face lift. Unfortunately, for every new positive change a brand new art style, more fluid free running, excellent naval combat the developers went after so many other perplexing points another terrible redesign for Desmonds face, unnecessarily redesigned controls, a botched targeting system.In terms of story, the game is another series of near misses. Ezio was a brilliant protagonist  likable, nuanced, wellacted  giving Connor a hard act to follow. While I appreciate the games approach to American history as far less blackandwhite than the TV ads suggested theres actually a decent counterbalance to the America  Yeah angle, the story seems to strike the wrong note each time you think its about to hit a high. Character motivations  particularly Connors  regularly seem unjustified, inscrutable, and offkey. In terms of the modern day Desmond story, well... remember Lost? Theres a similar feeling here, only without any of the gratification of a strong final season.Also, of particular note to Steam users the game is terribly optimized. It took me ages messing with my router and ports to even be able to redeem the DLC season pass which I now have no desire to play, and while the game looks gorgeous at times, it offers notoriously poor performance in the town areas, regardless of how awesome your computer is. Add onto that a number of halfcooked gameplay mechanics, and it just feels like a game in the Alpha state, that might have been excellent had it been given another year or two in the oven. Alas, that  is not the case. Recommended if youve followed the Assassins Creed series thus far slog through it like you slogged through the first one, but otherwise an unfortunate pass. 