So its that time again,, Assassins Creed.. Time to kill Templars, collect money, and generally be the baddest mother on earth...  or in the case of Assassins Creed 3 youre playing as Conner, a half Native American, half English assassin with a personality like George Washingtons teeth.. if you didnt get the joke.. it was wooden..   The game starts off pretty slow, you begin as Haytham Kenway.. You play a very boring first three missions as Haytham, which almost killed the game for it.   After a while and a little bit of the old in and out and a plot twist which caught me totally off guard... youre transferred to the real protagonist of the game  Ratohnhaketon otherwise known as Conner.Starting off as a Native America boy you play a very fun game of hide and seek..  to be young and care free..  Im sure you figured it out by now that playing hide and seek was actually about the game hide and seek, and not the above mentioned in and out right?  After finding your friends, its your turn to hide...  ahh fiddle sticks, I already knew hiding would probably be a bad idea.. here comes big bad Charles Lee to ruin the day.  I wont spoil what Mr Lee does but lets say its bad, and so bad in fact that our buddy Ratohnhake swears a blood oath to hunt down and kill Lee.  The remainder of the game finds Conner begrudgingly helping the Patriots win the American Revolutionary War.  We meet such amazing characters as Benjamin Franklin, George Washington, Paul Revere and the rest are here on Gilligans Island..  Ok, the Skipper, Gilligan and the Professor arent in the game but thats alright..So without spoiling the game... psst... The Patriots win the war..  just figured Id spoil that in case you didnt know..  Ill go into detail about the various different aspects of the game..Gameplay  very similar to previous Assassins Creeds although this one has a slight twist.  Viewpoints still exist, only now you can unlock the areas of the map by walking through them, where as in previous games the only way was by using the view points..  Alot of the old methods of execution and or fighting have been overhauled and made far more difficult, under the guise of making them easier.  The game in alot of ways had the difficulty ramped up, yet the game seems far easier to get 100 on..  Im not sure why that is, its just how I felt personally..New additions to the game..  hunting..  you can now hunt and trap animals.. bears, rabbits, elk, deer, bobcats, racoons, beavers not that beaver, no love interest for Conner in this game, wolves  Ill call them the Cliff racers of AC 3, and cougars.. also not   talking about Demi Moore.  You can collect various body parts including teeth, tails, pelts, oil etc etc etc..  The hides can be damaged if you hunt the animal using anything other than the hidden knife.  The hunting is fun for all of about 5 minutes, then it becomes something youll probably avoid altogether, the little bit of money you can make isnt necessary, as the chest and looting will see you having far more money then youll ever need.Another new addition is crafting and Convoys...  You can craft various items which you can then use or sell by using a convoy.  The various items you can use are swords and guns.  The convoys are very similar to assassin missions you send the convoy away with goods for a certain length of real time, and when it returns they bring you back the profits..  Taxes yes even in this game youll be paying taxes... it makes me mad enough to throw some tea into a harbor.. are taken out you can lower them by liberating forts and you have the chance of your convoy getting robbed..  Much like hunting its not necessary to craft or send away convoys at all, as the chest and looting will leave you with more money than you can shake a stick at..Boats... yes our little Conner is a captain of his own ship..  youll have the chance to engage in numerous sea battles against ships and relive some of the naval battles from the Revolutionary war..  This was alot more fun than I thought it would be.. You can also find a legendary pirates treasure.. Argh...  only youll have to collect trinkets for Peg Leg first..  Gotta love a pirate named Peg Leg..  Ship battles are totally optional except for about 3 missions which require it.  Although they are some of the most fun I had in the game..Homestead, Conner can recruit various merchants and helpers to build up the homestead.  Each of the inhabitants have a few special missions that Conner can run through to help build the community even more.  I wont get into it too much, but these missions can be some of the best in the game, and  help to break up the serious missions from the main game.returning features..   Assassins are back, and upgraded..  This time around you complete liberation missions sprinkled around the map, then a special liberation mission to finally recruit one of 6 assassins.  Thees guys are pretty nice to have, occasionally, but ultimately they can do more harm then good.  Especially if youre trying to go undetected and you happen to be too close to the targets you call them in on..  Also back are missions you can send your Assassins on. Like the previous game you can take over control of various areas... You gain control with the more missions you carry out, the missions gain your crew Xp, money and normally a trade item such as a pelt.Combat  The biggest overhaul I saw was to combat, AC 3 has a much more difficult and steeper learning curve than the previous 4 games in the series.  It seems to have been completely overhauled.  Sometimes they say you shouldnt fix what isnt broken and this is one of those times.  Im sure in some ways this could be seen as a double edged sword.  While the combat is harder and you run into alot more enemies that require special methods to kill, it can lead to fights which are needlessly more difficult than they have to be, it can prove to be more of a challenge than the previous games.  While its not so difficult that it distracts you from the game, it does make some sequences harder and longer than they probably should have been.  I was personally ok with the combat system but kind of preferred the faster pace of the previous games..The Story  I had a few issues with the story, for starters I wasnt really thrilled with Conners personality, he was very wooden and far too serious.  It was a total and complete 180 to the personality of say Enzio.  While Enzio was running around being a ladies man, kickingand chewing bubble gum.... Conner was kind of like.. I want to kill Lee..  It also could have been that Lee is the name of the protagonist of The Walking Dead Season one and I loved that man..  so hearing Conner continually talk about killing Lee brought up some bad vibes..Conners personality aside, the rest of the Conner story was decent enough..   With that said it brings me to my next part of the story...  Desmond Miles..  The third game will finally see an end to the Desmond Miles chapter of Assassins Creed.  This game has the most Desmond play of any previous AC game.. You actually go on a few Desmond mission.. While these missions are fairly straight forward and VERY EASY, it does flush out the story of Abstergo, the first civilization and the importance of why Desmond was being asked to go on his mission.  The ending in my opinion was like.. really?  Is that it!  Five games and this is how you end things..  ugh..Score    Over all Id give this game a 7.5/10..   If you liked other Assassin Creed games youll like this one, although its not quite as good as Brotherhood and Revelations.  Id say AC 3 is probably stuck between the first and second game overall.  Even the American Revolutionary war wasnt enough to push it up on my list.