Im a huge fan of stealth/assassin games. Splintercell Blacklist, Dishonored, Metal Gear, Deus Ex to name a few. If the game is high quality, I like to try and get perfect stealth on the hardest difficulty . Ghost, zero kills, that is IF the games mechanics are fluid and fair. Hard is one thing, bad level design and glitches is another.Is this game for you? Ill answer that at the bottom but first the reasons I dont like it.1  This is an assassin game. Its in the freakin title for cryin out loud so you would think that assassining would be fun. Its not and its almost over an hour before you even get a target. At least in the older games they give you a target and let you go for it. This game limits you in just about every way possible. No mechanics are improved that means you still run up the wrong walls, there is no crotch and they actually limit you in a very small zone where you can go while proformaning an assassination which limits any choices you have on the approach. By limit I mean you and ONLY attack head on in many cases2  If 1 wasnt enough of a reason to avoid the game. The story is extreamly boring. You would think the setting and characters involved would make it impossible to be boring. But it is. At first you care about the main characters but after long drawn out conversations about nothing you stop caring. They have all these moments that COULD be really powerful. Historic speeches, battlefields but between the cinmatography, sound design and acting, it falls flat almost every time.So is this for you? If your like me and enjoy tight controls, being stealthly and getting that perfect kill I DONT think you will like this game. I recommend the ones listed at the top of this review. If you like playing on easy and just want an action game then you might enjoy this.I have NO idea why I keep buying Assassins Creed games. I keep expecting the stealth mechanics, level design and story to improve but it doesnt. They are actually getting worse in some ways. This is NOT a stealth game, it is NOT an assassin game. It is an subpar action game at best. 