The ever emotional yet conflicting end to the Desmond Saga. This is popularly referred to as the last good AC. The argument being that future AC games lack the present day element that linked the player to the experiences of Desmond.AC3 is a game that stands out. Not only because Connor is so unlike the previous or proceeding protagonists, but also due to his character arc being the first in the series to introduce the grey areas in the TemplarAssassin war. Not only is this the first game to have a first playable Templar  Haytham Kenway is also really hot and classy. heheThe previous Templar villains were classic  hardcore maglomamaniacs  easy to hate and deliciously cruely. But this AC introduces hesitation to dislike. The Templars are truly working for a better cause  following a noble Grandmaster of Haytham  who is compassionate and nonracist in his views. The Templars want what is best  which was not so clearly the case in the previous games.This raises question of how America could have been in the now  could Native Americans not be second class citizens as they are today? Could the American Revolution been less violent and more diplomatic  resulting in the first era of democratic relationships between enemies? Would George Washington be less of a hero he is idealised and lorded over as he is portrayed to be as he is today?AC3 truly brings out the questions in life  would things have been better if Templars ruled? Are they truly evil? Do the ends justify the means? Are Templars methods something that could be condoned? We had always and still been playing arcs that saw us vehimently rejecting Templars and everything they do. We understand their methods are harsh and perhaps cruel, but will this be the best and only way?Do they Assassins really have the right answers to life?As continued in AC3 novel Forsaken  another masterpiece  AC Rogue, AC Black Flag and perhaps even Unity, Ubisoft has taken the questions even further, expanding and also adding to the richness of the AC world with thoughts on Who is truly good or evil? and also the darkness of the AC franchise. Not only does this make you LURVE the characters even more than you would already do, but also make you immerse yourself in history and art and politics.Gameplay wise, this game revolutionized another revolution the system and made it more flexible and dynamic. Connor is also the first in AC protagonists to be able to climb trees. And dont question why his father cant.... Combat is more fluid and even enjoyable  sometimes you just want to go on a killing spree through town. Despite this  do not fear  you can still die and stealth is still important for an Assassin. Although, the constraints are annoying, it adds to the element of the shadows that the Assassin wars wage in history.The open world is almost as annoying as it always famously is  loads of collectibles and the Cheevo for collecting and doirng everthing is there  so good luck with that  even i havent got 100 sync on the bloody naval mission.Naval missions are a new thing yay  kicking off a chapter of AC games for naval warfare. This prototype maybe quite the dinosaur, but it is an interesting development from landbased combat.Annoyingly, the tunnel system can be foregone with horse travel, but then, its entirely up to you if you want to get lost in the dark.Overall, a blessed improvement for the AC franchise  for the day of course  and a brilliant story arc. Though you might find Connor a tough person to like  come on, if your father is the enemy, mother murdered, people not even considered citizens and you have to continue living with all that on top of the fact that you have to kill your own father....who found out his own father was betrayed and killed too  you wouldnt be a happygolucky person like Ezio was.Ezio was a nobleman, grew up with his family and had his mom and sister with him, found love eventually and had a family. Connor never had a chance  not to mention that he is a Native at a time when slavery was still around....All in all, a great game, though annoying for perfectionists, it is splendid in comparison to previous games 