This game is trash. I hate to be so black and white about it. People wont take me seriously for saying such a thing. But trust me. Assassins Creed was all right. Assassins Creed 2 was damn near perfect. Assassins Creed 3 is broken ing garbage. In the first FOUR hours before ever getting to play as the actual protagonist, I had to redo and redo and redo again mission after mission because of absolutely awful design. The game wants you to do something exceptionally specific, go this way, duck behind this thing at the right time...without ever giving you any kind of clue as to what it actually wants you to do. Sometimes youll be trying to sneak through a mission, failing every time, before finding out that anyone else who ever succeeded at that mission did it by bludgeoning their way through and making a great big sceneyou know, just like a real assassin. Then when it INSISTS you be sneaky, it expects you to believe your sneakiness when you, a man dressed to the hilt in 18th century regal garmentry, are creeping around in 2 foot high, scraggly weeds, and that no one can see you, while simultaneously punishing you for doing things you think are sneaky, like climbing a ladder when some dudes back is turned. How can he not see me right next to him in the semblence of shrubbery, but when his back is turned, he catches me going up the ladder. In four hours, I must have redone missions thirty times, and when I finally succeeded, I didnt feel like Id accomplished anything but to trick the game somehow. This is NOT. FUN. Not in the slightest.Aside from the abysmal mission design theres a great big green circle in your minimap which is, oh, twice as large as the minimap itself, and youve just got to find some  in the snow, which by the way you have to trudge through slowly, like an imbecilefinding her isnt the result of good detective work, its dumb luck, you have to acknowledge that the colonial days of America dont make for great freerunning. The first AC made you feel out of place when you were climbing and running atop buildingsit felt like a real scene when you were freerunning away from a kill. Nowadays they just want to show off their climbing physics so youre placed at the start of a mission all the way on the other side of town. Charles Lee, Ill meet you at the waterfront, you know, where we just were at the end of the last mission. It insists that you have a blast running and jumping your way there. But unlike the congested streets of Jerusalem or Florence, buildings are far apart, boxily shaped, and separated by wide streetstheres no point in climbing a building to run across roof tops because, apart from being an ugly, unconvincing, awkward experience where you can get caught on corners and nothing really seems to have been designed to be run upon, you will simply have to dive back down into the street after only a few houses are behind you.I wanted to like this game. I really, really, really wanted to like it. I loved the first two. After years of waiting, years of hearing people say good and bad things about it, I finally got it during the Summer Sale to try for myself, and what I have found was a game that defiantly did not want any love from me. I was so excited for the story, and I really liked the characters, but god almighty this game is just not good. I have Brotherhood in my library, a game universally praised, but I dont even want to play it anymore because this put such a bad taste in my mouth. It will be a while before I give AC another chance. I just need to flush this anger out of my system.Do. Not. Buy.