Now, after going through the Assassins Creed series and replaying old games I enjoyed in high school, I went into Assassins Creed III wish a confident attitude that I would love this installment as much as I loved it when I first played it back when it first came out, but... but...Assassins Creed III is the equivalent of oatmeal. It does its job just fine. Its a game. You play it. But its so... boring! Its so aggravatingly bland and doesnt evolve the series from where it came from. Its just more of the same. Usually, thats fine in the case of a really good series like HalfLife and its stellar gameplay being transferred to Opposing Force and Blue Shift, but Assassins Creed III just stagnates. It goes in the same circle that Brotherhood and Revelation kept the formula from II spinning until it hit this just point of forgettable blandness.Let me elaborate. From a gameplay perspective, Assassins Creed III isnt terrible. Far from it. In fact, it runs pretty well. The game never crashed on me. I never had any gamebreaking bugs There were some bugs, but it was forgiveable. The game looks great graphically too! But where I have my problems is in the upgrading, weapons, and sideobjectives in this installment.Now, its been a while since Ive played Revelations, but Im not as eager to go back to that installment because I know how much it took the weapons and sideobjectives and made them just tackedon unnecessary extras. I mean, certainly, Brotherhood started that trend with the crossbow and Assassin guild options but I still felt motivated to get those. Assassins Creed III never gives you motivations to get new weapons. It never mentions in the story why youd need anything besides your pistol, hidden blades, and tomahawk. The missions dont require you to upgrade any weapons or buy any new ones, and combat is easy enough with the basic weapons you already have.The sideobjectives also feel really halfaed in this game, too. They just pop up at random points in the game, like the treasure chests, viewpoints, and revolution objectives but the game never gives you a reason to go out of your way and find them. You needed viewpoints in Brotherhood and II to find upgrades, and you wanted upgrades because it made Ezio a stronger character. I beat this game without grabbing anything extra for Connor, and that could either be a testament to me being a better gamer than I was five years ago or this game being peasy. Im inclined to believe the latter.Also, a massive annoyance is the full synchronization objectives in each missions. Brotherhood was fine because it gave the objectives to you at the beginning and didnt keep flashing them in front of your face every five seconds. It didnt feel like as much of an aggravation because your lack of synchronization was just more of a stubbed toe. But Assassins Creed III counts our your synchronization points at the end of each level before you can look for the next objective, before you can even look at your map. It feels like your landlord counting out your meager rent payment and replying, 350? I asked for 375. What is this horsesh?Besides that, how is the story? Honestly, not that bad... from Connors perspective. It handles the American Revolution maturely without glorifying the Americans and villifying the British. Its more of a story about the benefits and disadvantages of the ideals of both sides and how the Assassins and Templars agree and disagree with those ideas. Even George Washington, whos looked upon as a paragon in America, is shown as an honest human being with faults. I also thought the conclusion for Connor and his final target was handled well.However, its a good 35 hours until you actually play as an Assassin, which can be a hump for some players. Im not complaining about playing as Haytham, though. He was honestly my favorite character in the game. Hes got loads more personality than Connor does. Connor is just slatefaced and pedoff about everything and thats either a fault of the voice actor or the writing. Im inclined to believe its a little of both. Connor doesnt even have an arc in this story. Hes stubborn, impulsive, and stoic at the beginning of the game and ends the game the exact same way, albeit with some more respect for Achilles. A lot of the characters feel very flat. The only few standouts were Haytham Kenway, Thomas Hickey, and Achilles Davenport. Everyone else is pretty bland, which I think is both because of the stale voice delivery and stale writing.There are some highlights in the game. I love the parts with Haytham, especially when Connor unexpectedly has to team up with him to find a target. And going through prison and nearly getting executed while trying to kill Thomas Hickey was very memorable. But a lot of characters act like the information theyre talking about is already understood. A couple French generals are simply introduced without any explanation of who exactly they are and what theyre doing in their scene. And theres a discussion on George Washingtons leadership skills but theres so little time devoted to seeing him in action that I couldnt make heads or tails of who was correct in the debate because I had nothing to go off of.Even worse than Connors story is that of Desmonds. Ive never been a huge fan of Desmond, but the game feels so eager to fill you in on all the last details of his story before they SPOILERS ON A GAME FIVE YEARS OLD off him. And they off him really quickly with no repercussions on the other characters whatsoever. Its such an unsatisfying ending to an ultimately unsatisfying frame story.Assassins Creed III is... okay. I know Ive been ragging on it a lot, but I this game is part of the ASSASSINS Creed franchinse. The last few games had plenty of assassinating it, but the assassinating in this game feels so padded out and halfhearted because of all this bullsh thats been thrown in around it. Its, in my opinion, one of the worst and most forgettable Assassins Creed games, but that doesnt make it a bad game per se. Its a 5/10. Middle of the road. A great big stinking ....eh.