Hey guys, thank you for reading this. Im triing to keep this veage and short so as not to keep any of you away from the game for too long. So let it begin ...On the good sideThe story is magnificently epic. It makes not one point about our society, how it twists ideals for it to benefitial, or that in the end we are not so different, just have different points of view, and I could go on...The main character, Connor, is an extremely compelling person, especially when you see this pure hearted, naive, but dedicated man interact with the stealing, cheating and lying world that came to be around him and react to the ways they eventually try to use him for the greedy goals some people have.This game is beautiful. I could almost feel the smells of revolutionary America. The world feels alive along with the chatacters. Their costumes are authentic maybe Connor the exeption, but Assassins alway stood out and the faces are rendered very well. You can see all of their emotions right id front of you.LOADS of things to do. From the ever popular assasin contracts trough liberatable forts, to the new naval missions line, the side content is entertaining, especially the latter mentioned part. The ships handles very well and there are plenty of upgrades to pour the hard earned ingame money to.The bad side not dark, becouse that is cool and has cookiesThe combat is just too ... fckin ... easy. Minimal tactics required. I literally NEVER managed to die in combat, even with like 20 people cruising around me. I get that Connor is a beast, but thats just too much. Spamming counter attack will solve all of your problems, period.Bugs are all over the place. And Im not talking about the ingame mosqitoes. Dead soldiers stuck in the air, randing npc spawning right in front of you ... Ill let you explore the rest.The brotherhood system, oooooh yes they implemented that as well, is completely unnecessery, albeit it can be useful with all kinds of skills theese trainees unlock, but still, the entierity of the game is more than completable without them.And there you go people. I left out a couple of thing, like crafting becouse I have absolutely no problem with it, in fact I enjoyed it very much, but dont think of it as something that must be mentioned above.I hope you will have as much of a good time with this game, as I did. Its my favourite AC title so far and it will take a while for me to get bored of it.Thank you for reading and have a good time mates!