Gee, where do I start? OK, maybe like this... AC III has some kind of a bad reputation, yet I enjoyed the game a lot, and was positively surprised  by how much I liked it.Before I go on, two disclaimers I am a fan of the AC franchise, have played all titles, and am now in the process of playing through all of them in chronological order. So before I even got to III, I did play through AC, ACII, Brotherhood, and Revelations.Disclaimer 2 I have not had any issues with uplay. I am able to start and play all Ubisoft games I own mostly ACtitles through it, and the client works. I run it as an admin and have allowed my firewall to let uplay access the net. The ONLY problem I had was that for a few days now, uplay would lose connection to the server. Which isnt really a problem though, as I can still start the games, and savegames and stuff is saved locally, and once you get to connect again, will be updated online.Now, lets get to the game. It brought a lot of nice changes to the franchise. To me, what stood out most were the changes to combat and freerunning. Freerun now feels a bit more controlled, smoother and safer. It seems to be more intelligent, even though ofc you still will have a few accidents  However, I felt much more in control during chases and travelling than I did with older AC games.Disadvantage Freerunning through forests doesnt feel as...immersive or fun as doing that in a town like Florence, Rome or Constantinople. I found it hard sometimes to see the actual routes through the trees, and in town, Ubisoft seems to have wanted to discourage being on roofs 90 of the time, as there are a lot of guards up there who will attack quickly. So in ACIII, I spent a LOT of time on the ground.COmbat is harder at first, especially if you were used to the fightingstyle of older games. However, once you get the hang of it, it gets much easier, and it still is possible to take on big groups of mobs. Whats important is You NEED to block a lot. Whenever the indicator red triangle comes up, hit your circlekey I played this, like all other ACs, with an Xbox controller for PC, hold that button and decide how to counter after blocking.You need to learn which counter works for which mob. The axewielding stronger mobs will hurt you if you try to counterkill, so you need to disarm. Basic mobs can easily be counterkilled. The greyreddressed british soldiers strong can be counterkilled too.No healthpotions here. YOu are stuck with the health you get at the beginning, and at first, it was a turnoff, but becomes much more fun.Weapon wise, the bow is added, plus the ropedart. The latter has a cool mechanic, where you can drop enemies to the floor to execute them, or hang animals. Still, I didnt use this too much, but used the bow a lot...its ACIIIs crossbow, for silent, ranged kills.Stealth works... ok. Its not always easy to see where to stealth, but both hiding in towns and the forest works, and I did like this mechanism, sneaking up on victims.The township you build doesnt provide you with a ton of cool upgrades or anything. Armor upgrades arent in game, and the weapons I found recipes for werent an upgrade either. You can fill your ammunition with crafted items, plus increase the amount of ammo smoke bombs, arrows, poison darts etc.What you CAN do though is earn a ton of money, and I recommend to work on that a bit, as you want to upgrade your ship. At first, the naval battles which ARE fun! felt forced into it, it didnt make much sense. However, you can lower the risk on routes for your naval convoys and later, you will do some shipmissions to progress the story, so getting upgrades is helpful.I earned most money selling furs, both the ones I hunted for myself, and those my homestead huntress got for me. I bought them off of her and sold them via convoys, and once I had ship convoys, I easily made like 2030K pounds every hour or so.There are a lot of homestead missions, which can be distracting, but they are quick, and I liked the characters.Which leads me to the big one for me Connor. So many people seem to dislike him, calling him uninteresting and bland. IMO, he isnt. It makes sense he behaves the way he does. His mother was a bit like that as well... very dry humor, very nononsense, and it seems to be right in line with Connors behaviour. He is different because he has a different past. He is no Italian noble, womanhunting, brawling, like Ezio was. He is a native american with a british dad, who watched his village burn early on, and then went out to fulfill his mission in the outside world among all these other people.He is from a different culture, and is more of a silent, determined, focused kinda guy. And there are some quite funny situations where his deadpan delivery makes for funny dialogues for example the missions with his father later in the game.The story was quite cool, and you start to hate Lee, one of the main antagonists. It all comes to a satisfying end eventually. Keep in mind that you DONT HAVE TO DO all of the sidestuff. Many people say the game felt grindy, but I left out most of the sidestuff, only did naval battles and homestead missions, and focused on the story missions, and it didnt feel grindy at all.However, Ubisoft AGAIN managed to drag it out way too much in the end. I hated that, in Brotherhood, you beat the game with Ezio, did all these amazing things, kill the bad guy..and then there is a long parcourriddle with Desmond. Frustrating, it felt like Guys, I beat this game, why do I now have to do more jumping riddles.The Desmondparts in the earlier game can be fun, but the end is horribly dragged out. TOo many cutscenes, the lack of a UI Desmond doesnt have one, of course made it even more confusing, so even though the story of Desmond ends here, it wasnt a perfect ending.I enjoyed the game a lot, I did like Connor and the other characters and once you learn where Achilles got Connors name from, and see his reaction, you might change your opinion on him being bland, liked the gameplay, the missions, hunting, crafting/trading even though the menus of the accounting book were rather... clunky.Altogether  9/10Pros Great graphics Cool story/missions Nice updates to old mechanics, like the freerunning and combat Naval battles I liked Haytham and COnnor Nice to visit colonial NYC and Boston, and learn about stuff from the database Some nice and creative writing prison, the hanging etc.Cons The ending / Way too dragged out. Music was...ok. Nothing memorable, other than one of the mainthemes being a total ripoffof Requiem For A Dream Menu of the accounting book is too clunky to navigate a lot