TLDR 7/10 fun game worth getting if on sale however it has its issues... DLC very good thoughAssassins Creed III was clearly an ambitious game. It attempts to cover one of the most exciting periods of history in a brave new world from the eyes of a Native American, a man from an extremely complex society.At the same time the game tries to capture the great battles of the Revolutionary War as well as creating an immersive environment of both city and frontier. The environments certainly deliver with plenty to explore  especially in the frontier. However my criticisms of the environment are that Boston and New York With the exception of New Yorks ruined district that fell foul to the great fire of 1776 look almost identical and that there is an extremely annoying lack of ambient music. In previous Assassins Creed games AC II and Brotherhood especially come to mind I had fell in love with the environments because of the beautiful ambient music that had accompanied the game throughout. Alas, there is none of that in AC III. This is especially bad in the Frontier, so much so that I had to provide my own playlist of ambient music from YouTube.The plot of the game is a bit bland and in places I found myself wishing for the game to hurry up and end so I could move on to playing AC IV, however that being said there were many moments where I felt engrossed in the games storyline  notably during the Homestead Missions. Another down side of the plot is that the game seems to end far too early. There is no big build up to the games final kill and when the kill occurs within a matter of minutes the game is simply over with no satisfying conclusion. Desmonds storyline is as tedious as ever too.However, despite those scathing criticisms the game proved to be a sound experience, which you can probably tell from the hours Ive put into the game.Id also recommend getting the Tyranny of King Washington DLC All three parts as these three episodes liven up the game massively as an endgame option and are infact better than the game itself, which is presumably because the DLC was not rushed like the base game.Id recommend this game, but only if its on sale. There are certainly better Assassins Creed titles though, if youre a firsttime AC player. 