TLDR  Connor is meh, the main story is meh and the overarching Desmond story is more of a hassle than anything, BUT this is my favorite AC title as it has the best sandbox of all the titles.  You get to have it all, two cities to mess around in, a ship to wreck  on the water and a surprisingly large Frontier section that is a lot of fun to explore.TLBut decided to read anyway...I really like this game.  I originally bought it and beat it on the PS3 in my previous form prior to ascension but bought it in a fit of madness last December during my first Steam Holiday sale... I was not... prepared... nor strong.I started playing it again after getting a bit burned out on Unity and I have to say, I think this game is one of my favorites among the AC franchise.  If youve found this review in December 2015, the news is already out about what NOT to like about this title... its got a LOOOOONnnnngggg intro that youll need to slug through.  Its got a fairly wooden, onedimensional playable character.  The main story is meh.  Even with all that, I find myself playing and replaying this title more often than I do any of the others.Why?  The Frontier.  Its unique among the AC titles.  Outside of Black Flag, all of the AC titles take place almost entirely within a city.  That can be good or bad.  In the Ezio trilogy, its a major benefit as the cities you visit and explore are truly aweinspiring.  In Unity and I cant believe Im saying this about Paris, one of my favorite cities in the entire world it feels almost like burden.  Paris is so packed and busy that I almost get claustrophobic running through the streets.  Its so overloaded with  to do, and there are so many GD enemies, sidequests, random events, etc. that you can never really enjoy the setting.  Youre always compelled to do something.In AC3, you get to have it all.  If you want to do the AC parkour city thing, have at it in New York.  If you want to Black Flag it, take the Aquilla out for a sail.  If you want to play AC Sims, build up the Homestead.  If you want to be the apex predator of the colonial woodlands, the Frontier has ample prey of all types.  I love the Frontier.  Its winter now and its wonderful to load up this game and just run around in the woods.  When Ive had a bad day at the office, I run around in the woods and then see how many Redcoats I can Predator hang from the same tree.  Its awesome.So, if youre a fan of AC games, especially the ones where you can have the space and time to explore the historical sandbox, this is probably the best AC title I can recommend.