I wouldnt recommend this game, as it is definitely not the best in the series. From soap opera plot turns to graphic glitches, it is a sequel that should not be missed if it were never made. You get to climb on the trees, sail ships, hunt animals, play a very strange minigame, and trade something somewhere that gets stuck due to a glitch unless you press a correct key sequence. I got so bored, I couldnt finish it.UPDATE I hate leaving things unfinished and decided to give the game another go. It couldnt be THAT bad, I thought. I was wrong. I lost my way completely, not knowing where to go, what to do, wheres the story, where are the missions. I kept falling off trees and losing battles because no buttons seem to do any sensible combos or attacks, and just mashing keys at random doesnt do the trick either. I gave up on the main story and decided that Madness of King George... ahem, Tyranny of King Washington DLC will be an improvement, and bought it on sale. I was wrong. After dying 3 times because I went out of the zone there was no warning, and enemies were there, outside, I gave up.This game is an ultimate failure, and it makes me depressed because the engine itself is just great, the amount of work that went into creating the beautiful environments, forests and so forth  is amazing, the characters animations are fluid, and all that combined effort of so many people is wasted in this clicheridden, shallow monstrosity of a story with secondhand dramatic plot twists that can only impress Mowgly straight out of the jungle  with a gameplay to match.I was walking through the forest. I saw a clue  I came closer and pressed Ctrl to look at the clue. Suddenly I got attacked by a bobcat. After defeating the beast in a QTE keymashing challenge, I looked at the clue finally. Traces of a bobcat!. You dont say. I went away, and saw two men sawing a log. It was so real, I just stood and watched. They finished sawing, and went away. I thought some story will begin, but I couldnt talk to them. Nothing happened at all. I was able to initiate a dialogue with their wives  it was long enough, and absolutely meaningless. Sort of hello, hows the weather. Why was it there? Why someones time was wasted on making this, and my time was wasted on watching this. How many African villages could forget about starvation for the rest of their lives on the money that went into this. This game rises too many questions. But one this is for sure, if this product generated any money, its only because of the previous Assassins Creeds fame. If it were an original game with no franchise to back it up, it would be the end of Ubisoft. 