I really like this game. Its not my favorite in the series, and it definitely struggles in a few areas, but it is still a really great game in my opinion. Im just going to talk about some of the features, sorry if I come off as rambling.The environment in this game is fantastic. The places you can visit in this game are really amazing. I love exploring the frontier, especially. It was nice and varied and the treetop parkour was really fun. The cities, however, are not my favorite cities in Assassins Creed, feeling a bit too sparse with buildings. I like being able to traverse all across a city on the rooftops, which I was unable to really do in this game, oftentimes having to jump down to the ground to continue.Story Now here is where I understand a lot of people feel the game is lacking. I think Connor is a great character, in that he feels like a real person who has his own feelings and doubts and motivations. Im not saying that everything he did in this game is 100 the right thing to do, but that everything he did was understandable from his viewpoint. I also like how this game shows a bit more of the Templars side of the warThis game shows more gray areas than the Ezio trilogy did, and paints the conflict as less of a good vs. evil thing.A few other thoughtsTheres a lot of stuff to do in this game, like hunting and trapping, and buying and selling goods, and crafting, and going on naval missions, along with the standard Ubisoft collectibles. A lot of it, however, feels tackedon and not very important. I played through the whole game without ever once crafting something. The hunting is fun, although theres still not much point to it unless you want 100 sync.The stealth and AI detection in this game is infuriating in a way it hasnt been in any previous titles or in any game that came after this one. Guards will turn around and attack you for no freaking reason and without provokation. Also good luck dealing with guards on the rooftops without getting the whole city on your tail.The combat is alright, it feels nice and you feel very powerful after eliminating ten soldiers in as many seconds, but its way too easy and the various weapons you can equip make no difference at all in combat. I just used Connors default tomahawk for the whole game because it was Aesthetic.The Assassin recruits in the game and I say Assassin in quotation marks because are they? Are they Assassins? Or are they just some people that decide to help Connor out? I have no clue are completely laughable, and useless for anything other than helping out in overwhelming combat scenarios. They have a lot of functions, like sniping or escorting for stealth, but you can just as easily forget they exist because most any of the scenarios in the game can easily be accomplished solo. A significant downgrade from the Assassins in Brotherood and Revelations, which were always right there to efficiently take out anyone you pointed at.I think thats about it. Again, sorry if I came off as rambling. Im not used to writing reviews.