I highly recommend this game, legit. Fortunately, I never had any of the bugs other users have talked about. Ive had more of them in AC3 or Black Flag, but Im sure thats in uplays court. Anyway, technical stuff aside other than controls, Ill get there, I really did enjoy this game for a multitude of reasons. Some of them may be faults to some people, but hey, thats why this is my review.1. CharactersHoly gosh darn dang did I love the characters in this. Knowing a bit of the plot helped, since at first I was ready to just kind of trudge through Haythams sequences and found myself absolutely loving him. Hes got that dry British humor that made me love Shaun, but with more... I dunno, Haytham. Of course, I was really hyping myself up the whole time for Connor, and he didnt disappoint me at all.He has a ton of personality, which seems to be a complaint for some people? I read a few reviews where people said he seemed flat and boring, but I found it to be the opposite. He acts in that partialteenagerneverquitegrewup way, and that hyphen abuse is very intentional. Hes got a temper, has a heart the size of the entirety of Boston, and his black and white view of the world is almost refreshing in a way. It makes you frustrated, like maybe shaking his shoulders through the screen should be an added feature to the game. But thats the point, I think. Hes tangible and believable, even if sometimes he seems, in his own words out of context, Unbelivable! Cue the player throwing their hands in the air.Also, not to abuse the word refreshing much more, but it honestly is just that to first of all, have a Native American character that isnt some garbled caricatured stereotype, and secondly, to have them voiced by actual Native Americans. I wont say it much, but good on you, Ubisoft, if just for that.So aside from me essentially worshipping Connor over here, onto the next thing. And take a moment to remember Ziio. Remember her. Love her.2. MissionsIll admit, some of the missions had me ready to just give up. Desynching for even being seen for a second can be hella frustrating. One mission in particular during one of Haythams sequences comes to mind, with having to eavesdrop on soldiers by following them through a fort. I probably failed nearly twelve times before I eventually got the hang of it. Obviously, stealth isnt my thing.For all the clickanddrag of some of the missions, there were quite a few I really did like. Some of the battles were really cool, and the Midnight Ride mission was pretty fun, actually! Theres quite a few where you have to put your thinking cap on, but its pretty worth it if you just think it through. Otherwise, throwing your weight around seems to work just great.3. Side MissionsBEST. THING. EVER. This game stole another piece of my heart just for these awesome things. Helping Homesteaders, sending out convoys, naval battles, minigames galore, and collectibles? Yessss. I actually got bizarrely addicted to the convoy system to the point I probably spent the better part of an hour just being the best business person I could be. Cue Connor getting eye strain from staring at the accounting book for so long.The collectibles were stupidly addicting to follow up on. Captain Kidds in particular was great, if mostly for the trinkets that were crazy hard to get. Im still yet to get all the feathers, but Im set on it still!And hellooooo naval battles! Nearly everyone I know who has played this game thrived on this part. I think the only disappointment I had was that there werent more of them. The system was easy to use, but that didnt mean the missions werent challenging. I got desynched quite a few times, even if the system was second nature to me by then. It wasnt too annoying though, since it made me just want to try harder to win the next time.4. ControlsThe controls were pretty simple! I never had a problem with them unlike AC2 where I mixed controls up frequently. Probably the best thing is that the controls arent prompted on screen by symbols anymore. Not so much of the PRESS KEY SHAPED LIKE A HEAD. NO, THE OTHER ONE, STUPIDO. GOOD. NOW PRESS THE HAND ONE. NO THE HAND HOLDING THE THINGY. NO THE OOOOTHER ONE. Catch my drift? Now its just Press E. Good. Goooood.That being said, like all PC games of this nature, button mashing was like a cheat code thing. Any combo of left click  space  shift  E key worked. I rarely got killed unless I got mobbed by guards, so thats a thing. But hey, nothing I can complain too loudly about.The freerunning was also excellent in this game. Running through the Frontier and the Homestead in particular was ridiculous fun. I also like the added physics of Connor being a bit larger and more cumbersome than Altair and Ezio, and so having to hoist himself up to get anywhere. Nice touch, yep.The only thing I had trouble with was the QTE system. That is, the hunting buttonslamming controls. Sometimes they work, sometimes they dont, and you can get mauled pretty easily if they fail on you.5. PlotIve heard a lot of complaints about this part, and to some degree, I cant totally dispute it. The plot did seem pretty dry and repetitive at times, if only for the whole SPOILERS Kill the Templar, Getting a Stern TalkingTo From a Dying Man, Feel Kinda Bad spiel. Like you get youre supposed to be on the fence, but there is a point where youre just like OKAY CONNOR, GET A WIN, BOY, GET A WIN. You get the general idea that his life sucks and his choices arent always stellar.Following the American Revolution was pretty interesting, even if it did seem like they just sort of squeeze you into the corner like an old mop. Oh, cool, you just saw the Declaration of Independence get signed? Radical, now get outta here. Thats sort of the gist with that.So yeah, it was kind of a saltine cracker at times, but it moves quick, which is nice.As for Desmonds plot, well, most people know how that one went. Feels bad, man.TLDR Seriously, give this game a chance. If youre pretty meathead meleejunkie, it might not be too fun. It does make you think, both in a philosophical way and in a logical way. Its fun, its challenging at times, and the side missions are great. Go for it.ADDED STUFF Its a little disappointing that Ubisoft didnt follow up much on Connor after this. I get the SPOILERS, AGAIN lifethreatening injury thing, but at least in novel format or something, it would have been nice. Theres very little to be seen about him afterward, and so far everythings been pretty doom and gloom. Pretty disappointing.This game deals with ye olde racism, and it definitely wants you to be uncomfortable. But why would you put that in a gaaaaame? you hear a distant voice whine. Well, you can say all knowingly, That happened back then. A lot. Like all the time. And then punch the closest portrait of Washington in the face. Do it.