I thought I had written a review for Assassins Creed III... apparently I did not. I played this as part of the Franchise Blitz I did during November and December, with the view of getting through the Assassins Creed games backtoback before playing Assassins Creed IV on the PS4 in the New Year.I had enjoyed the previous games somewhat surprisingly so considering my dislike for the first Assassins Creed game, and was looking forward to this one. Even though other people had warned me away from playing it, I HAD to play it as it was the last link before Assassins Creed IV. This is written retrospectively, as Ive since played  finished Assassins Creed IV.The short and sweet of it is that Assassins Creed III is essentially more of the same, so if youve enjoyed the AC games so far youll know what to expect in regards to both positive and negatives in the game. The fight mechanics havent changed too much at all, though they have been slightly upgraded to include some new fist fighting mechanics and counters. Theres also a bunch of new weapons, such as pistols and rifles, but for the most part I played with the tradititional weapons. So dont go into the game expecting a major overhaul in that regard.However, what they have started to expand is the size of the world. The game world is massive, and is a real precursor to what they wanted to achieve in Assassins Creed IV. The game is still hubbed but the hubs are pretty vast if a little lifeless and pointless at times with a central travel hub connecting them. Theres a few things to do in each hub, most of which are trademark Ubisoft collectable quests, yet theres also a return of the investable Villa concept as you build up your own homestead.Now it could be that I was playing through the game quickly, but just like in Assassins Creed II I never really felt there was enough reason or time to really benefit investing heavily in your Homestead and building up a team of helpers around it.Also theres the introduction of sailing, which would later become a huge part of Assassins Creed IV. Its introduced as a small side quest late on in the game, so I never really put much time into it, but it was an interesting idea and one that Im sure would have been fun to play if you were going to invest the time into it.Sadly, the major issue I had with this game was something I couldnt really overlook  the main character. Without spoiling the game hopefully theres a design issue where youre sort of left playing a character you dont really want to play. Its not really the characters fault too much, its just that theres a far more interesting and fun character I found myself wishing I could be playing.In terms of story if you love the American Revolution, youll probably find this interesting depending on how liberal you can be with historical accuracry. I personally enjoyed the setting, as it was a refreshing change from Turkey and Italy, and it allowed for a modern feeling to the game in regards to weapon changes.The long term Desmond story is also sort of resolved in this game, so if youre invested in Desmonds story theres some interest for you there too.In short fans of the series will enjoy the Easter Eggs and nods to the previous games however fleeting they were, as well as the setup for Assassins Creed IV. However, its probably the weakest in the series so far due to a lacklustre character, even if the supporting cast is pretty damn good.Remember Haythem.