To preface I cant really give a full recommendation, nor outright not recommend this game. The game had a lot of potential to be great, but was held back by a considerable amount of bugs and lousy design choices. The result was a fairly mediocre game and a sloppy console port to PC. Nice visuals and soundtrack. The North American colonial setting is new and fresh for the series. Some interesting characters. Connor was a nice change of pace for a protagonist unless you consider Desmond as the real main protagonist. The dynamics between the AC characters was good, especially the father and son relationship between Haytham and Connor and the tension that brang. The colonial story arc was neat for the most part. Even though it was kind of revisionist history, I can see history buffs getting somewhat of a treat with all the tid bits of history given as well as calling out all the places the game got it wrong. The Desmond arc was the more interesting aspect of the story. Unfortunately, it has a weak ending. Desmond finally sees some action, although not a whole lot. Some of the new combat features were cool and aesthetically pleasing. A dual wielding assassin just seems right. The ability to choose between 4 different counters made combat feel more powerful as an assassin. Some people complain it was too easy, but it didnt seem like it to me. More guns in the environment made it more dangerous. Also, there was a lot more variety to the enimies than in past games that required more tactics to defeat. Definitely not a game where you can just mash the buttons and win. Naval combat was a new and fun feature. The Homestead stuff was also new and was actually worthwhile due to the ability to get the best gear in the game. Animus menu is vastly improved from past games. No more hypersensitive controls that make you skip where you want to go and generally frustrate the hell out of you. A lot more interesting recruit abilities. Unfortantely, a lot of them are pretty useless, but some are still cool and gives some variety. This game was sloppily put together and lacks polish. There are a lot of bugs and glitches in this game. Problems with colision, randomly falling through the ground and under the world, getting stuck in objects, graphical glitch like a good deal of rubberbanding, etc. The developers should be ashamed of themselves for releasing this game in the state it is in. Totally unacceptible. Some very assinine design decisions that sometimes feel like they were developed by a group of retarded monkies described in more detail below AC series has some of the worst controls in the industry. They tried to improves things in AC3, but failed miserably. The controls are still clunky and frustrating as hell. Youll still get those annoying instances where the character will stick to walls when running around corners or jump in totally random directions you didnt intend. In fact, Im still debating whether they made the controls worse than past AC games or not. Its definitely still bad. They attempted to hide the optional full sync objectives so failing wasnt so in you face as complained about in Brotherhood and Revelations. The results was the it much easier to miss what the optional full sync objectives were, yet it was still in your face when you failed them. This just created an even more annoying experience with them. Some of the full sync objectives were unreasonable and frustrating. One example is a naval mission that plops you in the middle of a horde of gun ships and frigates and expects you to complete it while taking less than 25 of damage. Another example is an objective to not take more then 30 damage to a pack of wolves, while only being given a fraction of a second to react to the QTE where any failure would make you take too much damage, and ranged weapons were not allowed essentially impossible without emploiting and cheesing your way through it. It didnt seem like game balance was tested very well. Desmonds story arc had a confusing ending that somewhat disconnected it from past games. It was a dissappointment after the build up through 5 games. Connors story had its issues as well with things that didnt fit all that well. The story is definitely weaker in AC3 than in other games in the series. It couldve been better. The majority of the game is filled with fluff and fillers that served more as novelties than anything fun and worthwhile. Crafting has potential mainly due to the ability to get the best gear in the game, but was held back by atrocous UI and controls. Needs a lot more refinement. Convoys replace shop investments as the main source of income. Unfortanately, its a very cumbersome and time consuming way to make income and more tedious than fun. Another poor design. Even though the best gear is crafted, gear is mostly not worth much in this game. The vast majority of opponents are easily dispatched just by counters as one shot kills, which doesnt really account for gear. A better sword would essentially just allow you to kill disarmed enemies a little faster. Gear progression is totally wonky. Most weapons will start off as instantly obsolete. 2h weapons are pretty much worthless. The only weapon that really makes a difference is the kind of gun you have, and that only because some guns let you fire extra shots before needing to reload. Other than that, gear is nearly entirely inconsequential. Due to the above, it feels like gear and currency just dont have a place in this game. This series is probably better with it taken out entirely. Theyre just unfun distractions. Recruits feel a lot weaker in this game despite the fact that they cant die but get injured instead. The guild menu is also clumsier to navigate. Stealth in this game sucks. Imprecise controls makes it very frustrating. Also, inconsistent detection machanics also make for a very frustrating experience. To compound this problem, some missions require stealth and there is no options to complete certain missions not all that open ended. This game gives the illusion of open world, but its not really all that open, especially during missions this is a series issue. And if you needed further proof that this game development was lead by idiots the credits are atleast 15 minutes long AND CANT BE SKIPPED. The game inputs literally shut down during the credits, you cant do anything but watch them. You cant even exit the game without a hard shut down which means nothing gets saved. This is by far the most assinine design decision in the history of video games!As I said before, I cant give a full recommendation, but I cant say this game is outright bad either. Its a mediocre game that had potential to be great but was held back by bad design decisions and lack of polish. I can say that after playing this game Ive lost motivation to continue with this series as it seems pointless for what its worth. Get this game if you are following the story or are just a fan of this kind of gameplay. Stick with the main mission. You can do the naval battle, and perhaps, the homestead missions which are fairly fun, but the rest is a waste of time and not all that fun at all.Also, this game is a prime example of Ubisoft giving the PC community the finger by giving sloppy ports. Only get this when its on sale. Ubisoft doesnt deserve full price for this game. Its not worth it.