Although Im a fan of the series and spent a lot wasting time doing useless things on AC2 and ACB... This AC3 is completely the oppossite.Starting off with Connor. Ok, his motivations are legit, his skills are ducking awesome and all of that but... Wow, he lacks charisma. This guy is mad with everyone for no reason at all. Hes completely flat. The worst main character in the saga.For some reason the story doesnt really start until you spend like 1.5 hours or 2 if you like to explore things and stuff as I like. And man... What a terrible story. Its the perfect scenario, they had a lot of ways to make a good and epic story but its... Flat. Like Connor.The story fails to hook up. Even tho secondary missions are... Meeeeh.Honorable mention to the tech side of the game disapperaing corpses, strange physics, bugged missions in which the game doesnt recognize you met the objectives forcing you to restart the mission, and a bunch of things more. I feel like the stealth part of the game is kinda missing. I feel like I cant kill someone without being detected. And man, you dont want them to see you, cause I dont know why, soldiers appear out of nothing! You killed a 4soldier squad here cause you realized there were no more guards surrounding the zone? FALSE. They keep appearing from nowhere. They didnt appear in the minimap, Pouf and theyre trying to stab you in the back.I simply dont feel like playing this game...On the other hand, there are a few new things i find interesting cause not everything is bad... but almost everything. The new climbing moves are pretty amazing. Its super cool to run from tree to tree and all of that. Naval fights are awesome. Hunting missions are simply a great addition to the saga, in the end it doesnt worth and sometimes is pretty annoying cause you cant even run without being attacked by wolves, lynx, mooses or bears, but its a great addition no matter what.In conclussion, the game is just... Average. Its not a good successor form AC in general, and Connor is the worst main character in the saga.If youre a huge fan... Well, maybe youll find it interesting. But I feel like this game isnt interesting and epic enough even the BSO is worst than previous AC games.6/10. Would reccomend if youre an AC enthusiast.