Well, after reading so many reviews, after reading hundreds of comments on youtube videos of assasin creed past games scenesi watched revelations ending a thousands times and ezio letter to claudia is just awesome I was skepitcal on playing this game. A lot of voices saying the series ended on revelations or Black flag is what is better, AC3 is just stupid.It was alll wrong, I loved the game. Let me just say the naval battles are SOOO AWESOMEE, definitely my favourite part of the game aside from the main story of course. Would love to see a multiplayer of that. FULLLLL SAILLLLLL!!! !Now going back to the game, it definitely gives you the feeling of passage that you may want from ezio and altair story. It doesnt just starts and all the other games are irrelevant, from others reviews is what  I heard, so if you want to continue on the journey and want more of the story its a must buy, absolutely!I really enjoyed the jump to the american revolution and that twist with haytham at the beginning, that was genius and it made me stop the game and only start next day because I had to digest it. Haytham is an amazing charather, I think the best one, Connor is there but is not so strong. Haytham takes the stage.The thing that stood up to me was how the templars and assasins work, with the templars and haytham you get a team together and most missions your working with them and on the opposite side the assasins is mostly a solo job, before the big surprise, I was enjoying the way the assasins worked some centuries after ezio but then ......the surprise. DAMN! !Music is 8/10 like others games althought there is no ezio family or road to masyaf, something that could stand above them all. The magnus, the one to rule them all.One thing I would like to point out, the ing money system. I didnt even bother to upgrade my ship or any weapons, what a  up. If I want to go hunting and spend hours doing so, I will play minecraft or enjoy a beautiful day in the sun hunting or fishing. I may have cursed you guys a few times because of that.So yeah, its totally worth buying it to progress the story. Its a 8/10I was sad with the ending but I shall see what they do with the next one, what will they do with it.if you make his death be just that there will be violence, we shall see! 