Im going to add to the Negative of this game.Dont get me wrong. I had fun when I wasnt wandering miles across the Frontier, Boston, and New York hunting down treasure, or just plain hunting game for cash. The story sections were full of intrigue and curiosity, and it was interesting to see how Conner adjusted to his halfarsed assassins trainin gand induction. The Aquilla ship sections were an absolute BLAST, the  homestead characters were well portrayed, and Ive never felt quite so useful playing the Desmond scenes in the game.That said, the game is SUCH a slog for completionists. Feathers, Treasures, Leaflets, hunting trophies, special kill scenarios, and just toyou off, they let you know about completion aspects that you often cant complete for 27 sequences. The last Frontiersman mission literally forces you to beat the game and load into postgame play before you can complete it. They completely wasted the Underground, and made it the most INCONVENIENT quick travel unlock imaginable. Cliff climbing was the most satisfying parkour in the game, but it was generally so far out of range of anything of use,  that most of what you end up climibn is 2 story buildings and trees which barely sate the need for a pulse pounding eagledive.On top of that, the ending really feels like they just didnt know how to finish up the Desmond arc and tacked on an ending for the giggles.The one redemption after finishing my completion is that the Tyranny of King Washington was actually an immensely fun variant of the game to play. I wish they had streamlined the main campaign and given some of the additional powers to Conner. That DLC is the only reason Im walking away from ACIII with any shred of positivity.So, if you want to wrap up the Desmond Arc and get that Altair Light because thinking about it, Conner does remind me of Altair out of the way before moving on to Prequels, rogues, and back to Europe, by all means, give it a go. But if youre a completionist, be prepared to scream WHY?!? at the screen often. 