Assassins Creed III is just a few steps short of the revolution it tries to depict.Featuring a dual narrative, Assassins Creed III primarily follows the story of Ratonhnhakton a Native American boy growing up in Revolutionary America.  Ushered to undertake the secretive training of the Assassin brotherhood, the boy grows into a humble but deadly warrior who goes by the infinitely easier to pronounce name of Connor.  The Assassin Brotherhood fights to preserve the free will of humanity while the opposing and equally secretive Templar Order fights to topple it.  Following Connors story with the use of a special device, Desmond Miles is a modern day Assassin reliving his ancestors memories in order to locate a key that will unlock the way into a temple that predates humanity itself.  Built by a civilization that came before but was eradicated by a solar flare, the temple is humanitys only hope of stopping the next oncoming flare.  Desmond finds himself occassionally making forays out into the world to retrieve power sources for the temple from the modern day Templars clutches.  Connors story is depressingly off the mark from its true potential.  It has everything it needs to be an enthralling tale.  War.  Mystery.  Family conflicts.  Blurring moral lines that ask interesting questions.  A fascinating historical setting.  But through either poor execution, poor direction, or just a lack of necessary time the story fails to deliver consistently or in some cases at all.  Its also eyerollingly ridiculous in its treatment of the period.  Connor is directly involved in if not usually directly responsible for every single major event in the entirety of the revolution from Paul Reveres ride to the signing of the Declaration.  Desmonds story meanwhile just isnt there enough and spends more time on the history of those who came before than on the man himself.Also included is a side story split into three episodes.  This story throws Connor into an alternate universe in which George Washinton, fresh off of his victory over the Britsh declares himself king of America and devolves into a vile and tyrranical ruler that Connor must bring down.  The story throws out several threads that are either unresolved or simply fail to capture any emotion at all.An actionadventure game at its heart, Assassins Creed III also incorporates economy and crafting management, several board games, and naval combat on the open seas.  On foot, Connor is an unstoppable power house capable of scaling sheer rock faces and murdering groups of enemy combatants by the dozen.  Combat itself is far too easy and despite the genuinely heavy and satisfying animations becomes a tedious distraction over time.  Parkour movement in the game runs the gambit from that did exactly what I wanted it to do to GET OFF OF THE FENCE.  Naval combat somehow manages to shine.  Putting Connor at the helm of the speedy and cannon laden Aquila, the repetitive naval engagements somehow never get old as you manage your course and line up with your enemies for broadside cannon fire.  The ocean simulation rocks the ship to and fro as stormy waves provide cover.  Overall though, the gameplay feels more like a device to push the narrative foward than the primary reason to buy the game.  There are a ridiculous number of collectibles and little side objectives that require gathering and crafting goods all across the landscape.And NEVER play Twelve Mens Morris.  Ever.The game seems so aware of its tedium in the King Washington sidestory, that is starts granting supernatural powers allowing you to straight up bypass previous game mechanics quickly.Overall the game feels rushed but built by talent.  It can absolutely dazzle you one second and throw you for a loop the next.  The primary characters, their faces especially, are rich in detail and emotion.  The game swaps between seasons as its years roll by and the winter landscape is really something else.  Deep, deep snow forces characters to plod along as it straddles their waists.  Which brings us to animation, which is simultaneously incredible and confounding.  Connor in particular has a movement animation for just about every angle of incline and type of terrain.  His clmbing and combat moves are weighty and satisfying and initially help to break up some of the boredom.  However they also never seem to line up properly with what theyre supposed to interact with.  Connor seems to be a magician capable of climbing the air by merely reacing out in the general direction of a nearby ladder, for instance.  Sailing across the ocean is particularly well done as shipmates scurry across the vessel to perform their tasks while cannon balls rip the ship to pieces and the beautiful water laps at the hull.  Music is an absolute high point and draws even more emotion out of the often stellar voice acting.  Connor in particular has a strange but comforting cadence to his speech.However, I encountered no small list of bugs, crashes, and, in the first episode of the King Washington story, a progress halting bug that shall forever prevent me from seeing the episode to its conclusion.