8.7/10I heard he use to be the best of the best of the assassins Desmond takes him out in matter of seconds..repeatedly.Let me start off by addressing a few things ... This game is probably the most love/hate game of the series. I think its due to a few things. One is the amazing 3 titles that spawned across Etzios time line in the previous title Assassins Creed 2,the initial bugs that plagued the pc port of this gamewhich are now almost all gone, and the most hated of all...ubisofts game launcher UPlay. Im going to say that Uplay is by no means great but  it is possible to get it to work as intended, so I dont want to count it into this review.So what makes AC3 so great?Well for one the series has a great intro sequence, although some complain it is a bit long, it is essential to the development of the story. The main character you play in the story without giving much of the story away, really puts the assassins shoes onto a protagonist not commonly explored and I think is  on par with Etzio and Altair. The game is quite beautiful and does a great job of teaching you bits of history which sometimes spoil the outcome of many parts of the game by revealing too much. The combat system takes the good parts of the series and adds a new set of tools not seen before. Some will say the protagonist is not fleshed out as Etzio was but he is more like Altair in the way he kind of creates himself. Also ship battles are fun!What makes it not a  10?Generic enemies...only significant characters are diversified leaving crowds with very few models. An example is the native american models which are all bald old men except, for the main Indians who have long hair and are beautifully rendered. This game has tons of plot holes at one point you are rescued by assassins yet you are lead to beleive you were the last one this whole time and it never addresses them again. The combat system is a  to learn simple enemies are easy to kill and fun but hard enemiesme the hell off when your perfect counters just result in you dying wtf!!!throw keyboard The attempted house selling thing not sure what to call it is a pain to figure out and not very useful. You can find ridiculous amount of money in chests so looking for those is faster and 100x more profitable than selling things through your home store thing. Lastly there are some history hiccups in this game that can easily be avoided for example... right before you kill an important assassination target his bio tells you how George Washington treats his wound after he is injured and then he later dies. In the game you kill him straight up and it just leaves you kind of dumbfounded.OverallWorth getting if you played the  previous ones. Definitely not worth jumping into it with out prior knowledge of the past games. Also DLC is alternate timeline so it is not required to play for story purpose. And lastly a tip for all of you that unlocked uplay costumes...they are not available until you finish sequence 7 your game is not broken.