An interesting game. The world is really open ended, and the wilderness is great to explore. The graphics are great I prefer this games stylings and color pallate to AC4s. The maps have interesting layouts, and the story has some compelling moments.For all of the care that went into making this game, though, its not well designed. This leads to three problems. One, this game tries to fuse the AC narrative history, exploration with a focus on conflict and human nature, but in the end the game just feels like conflict after conflict after conflict, coupled with heaping doses of betrayal. Conflict and jerks arent what makes the AC series interesting rather, the series excels when it ties together different times, places, and settings. This game feels a bit divisive and unpleasant, and it does not focus on the strengths of what AC offers.This leads into the second problem, which is the cities are dull. They have no connection to the characters and the conflicts other than being a location. There is little difference between Boston and New York, and its easy to get lost in these cities because they have no memorable landmarks. The wilderness is done really well, but the tie between your character and the wilderness through Juno or Minerva, I forget feels cheap. Unlike other AC games, there is no connection between you, the player, and the place you are exploring.The third, and most grave issue, is that the game is frustrating. Menus get in the way of navigation and are overly layered, and movement is hindered by a system that is way too reliant on contextdependent actions. Had the game been designed better, it would have been more streamlined. It would not have taken an everything and the kitchen sink approach lessening the frustrations.The game has some big issues. These issues partly make it feel like something other than an AC game. Compared to previous AC games, its a letdown, but on its own its actually kind of interesting because it offers a really good wilderness to explore. It just tries to establish a setting that does not enhance the wilderness. I wish this had been released as a new IP, because it is an unique game. 