The Assassin franchise continues its gradual decline into mediocrity. Although many of the technical facets of the game remain impressive  largely in the world design, which is lush and stunning in appearance  the decision to release a new game on an annual basis has resulted in a game with poor gameplay, a convoluted story with uninteresting characters and numerous bugs and glitches.The graphics are the highlight of the game I was especially impressed by the snow and ocean wave effects. The wilderness areas are a wonder to traverse, and I need to give a special notice to whomever designed those clifffaces, which look more real than I have seen in any other game. The parkour system remains largely unchanged from previous iterations, but the more playerfriendly leveldesign makes for easier and longer platforming sessions a far cry from the annoying city design of the previous game Revelations that seemed actively hostile towards the idea allowing of freerunning.Unfortunately, little of the rest of the game stands out. The story is dull, convoluted and full of plotholes. None of the characters are interesting and their motivations all seem forced. The combat system, once the pride of the series, has been revamped and not in its favor fights last too long now and the camera more often than note works against the player. The new additions to the franchise are either underutilized or pointless the naval battles are fun but far too limited by their scripting. Worse, shiptoship combat is made tedious by the slow reload of the cannon so that most of the battle is spent just waiting for the guns to be ready to fire. The ability to craft new weapons and equipment is ruined by its uselessness almost every weapon can be purchased. Anyway, most gear you craft has no purpose other than to be sold its actually faster and more lucrative to just sell the raw ingredients.Like previous games, the bulk of the content is in the form of scavenger hunts the main quest can be done in a few hours so the developers bulked up the gameplay by depositing hundreds of useless pickups across the countryside. Collecting them all offers no tangible benefits and is a tiresome exercise even for obsessive compulsives. Plus, the game suffered from a number of annoying  albeit not gamebreaking  technical issues, such as AI that stopped responding requiring a reload from the last checkpoint and minor graphical problems. Nothing serious, but it just added to the feeling that the games development was rushed.The world of Assassins Creed 3 is beautiful. Its a shame the developers couldnt think of anything interesting to do with it.