I love this game. Despite the amount of bashing and vitriol over it being the worst game in the series, as of Feb last year it had reportedly sold 12.5 million copies. So not everyone couldve hated it. Since were two installments in, this review will contain spoilers later, but Ill warn about that.But first things first  why I have put over 650hrs into this game so far?I find this game the most revolutionary of AC titles, BY FAR. Frotherhood bought the assassins, yes, but AC3 brought wilderness traversal, hunting, dynamic ecosystems, seasons, the homestead, different enemy types requiring different combat, cinematic dual counters and above all  Naval combat.More has been added to this game than any other in AC history. You can just wander around and watch the world. Climb up a tree near a fort and wait for a cougar to stalk and kill guards! Theres even an achievement for watching it happen!This game had so much going on and also decent rewards for filling out the sometimes tedious side quests. I found it all really engaging and rewarding.So why so much negative commentary directed to the game? There are several basic causesThe usual issues with controlling your assassin. I accept this as part of AC. Its never been any different. ACIV felt slightly  better, Unity when its working is worse. AC2 isnt great either. These are minor issues and a bit of a running joke to both fans and critics of the series.I had some minor issues with graphical artifacts every so often stretching out into the horizon, but these were more amusing to slightly disappointing. The bear models were also a disappointment after Red Dead Redemptions Grizzlys, but to be fair, these were black bears and all of the other animals were perfect, especially the cougars.The lack of explanation for the new mechanics. This did cause me lot of frustration and wasted time especially during homestead missions. One in particular that requires you to observe the members of your developing community until I managed to figure out some of the rules with the help of the internet. Basically, some activities only occur during certain times of the day, or in certain seasons. Once youre aware of the rules, these problems go away.I believe the negative press comes down to 2 issues, which will have SPOILERS The poor initial marketing and the inconsistencies in Connors character as the story progresses.So what was the big marketing blunder? Pre release, there was so much hype around the wilderness and tree traversal, that I and Im sure most others, were chomping at the bit to try this out straight away. Ubi also made such a fuss about the protaginst being a Native American. Yet when the game starts, youre playing as an upper class British guy, named Haytham, who turns out to be your father. This was a surprise, butr due to the nature of the marketing, an unpleasant one. You begin in England, then sail to the colonies. When you finally arrive and find a tree and try to climb it, you scramble up a bit then fall down. I mustve spent hours ignoring the game and just trying to run Haytham up a tree every time I came across one. I became convinced my game was broken somehow and raised a ticket with Ubi support. But when I gave up and plowed through the Haytham stage, and little Connor stage, you get suddenly introduced to tree running with adolescent Connor. All of that frustration couldve been avoided by some better marketing prerelease. I can surmise that they left Haytham out so as not to spoil the massive twist that comes with his tale, but you could have explained the game was generational and new some new skills were specific to Connor without spoiling the story otr the twist. I believe the frustration and confusion about having to spend a quarter of the game not being able to do any of the new things so heavily promoted really detracted from the day one enjoyment. It left a sour taste in my mouth.However, as I started to explore this most epic of all the AC releases, I quickly forgot this as I went about exploring Boston, New York, hunting wild animals, training and recruiting the members of the Homestead.This is the most involved and rich of the AC games, by far. There are arguments about some of the execution, but I cant find a credible argument against the scale and ambition of this entry. I have had to abandon ACU due to its issues and ridiculous inability to support SLI properly, but if there is truly no wilderness or wildlife aspects to the game, it is for me a massive step backwards for the series, even after accepting the loss of sailing and ACIVs awesome addition  harpooning!The other big criticism Ive seen of AC3 is of Connor himself.If you look at the reaction of people to the games, it largely seems a reaction to how charming, or otherwise, the main character is. AC2 and 4 are frequently mentioned as highpoints, with AC3 being the disappointment, despite being the most innovative of all the AC sequels.I dont really see BF being a real improvement over AC3 the way other people seem to, other than Edward was much more entertaining, the same way Ezio was. Connor suffered from being being a dour sulk, although Ive seen some of the lack of engagement with him as a protagonist explained away as the cultural differences that cause him to be a stoic. No, that wasnt the problem. Many of the most popular heroes in fiction are stoics  Batman and Conan to name 2. Connmor was petulant and inconsistent. The charm in AC3 was found in Haytham and Ben Franklin, but mostly Haytham. In fact, many people, myself included, found Haytham to be far more interesting and likable than Connor.MASSIVE SPOILER ALERTI lost empathy and understanding with Connor when he finds out that his lifelong hatred of Charles Lee was based on the mistaken assumption that he was the man responsible for his mothers death, presumably under Haythams direction. It was actually his erstwhile ally, George Washington, who had been going around enthusiastically exterminating the native villages. Earlier in the game, after proving capable of dispatching literally hundreds of armed guards at a time, Connor decides to engage in a philosophical debate about assassins versus templars with a target he really hates when previously, we were just stabbing them, then having a chat and gets taken out by two 2!!! guards and ends up in prison. Connor doesnt come across as a determined stoic toward the end, but a petulant, vengeful and stubborn child. That was what broke the character for me, not any sense of cultural difference. He kills his father with annoying emotional ease. During that scene, I really got the sense that Haytham was going out of his way not to seriously hurt you. Then you just stab him in the throat. Theres no suitable explanation of his motivation in the concluding chapters. There was no real compelling reason to kill his father. The vision said his father had to die, but would you stab your father in the throat because a ghost told you to? There was no sense of Connor being conflicted over this although he was over many other things, of making the hard choice, he just seemed petty and spiteful instead.Especially when he finds out Lee wasnt responsible after all for his mother,but kills him anyway and lets Washington off scott free. It made little sense and there was no attempt at offering a rationale for it.IThe other major drawback is that you are forced to kill guard dogs,  And they look just like my dog  Despite these flaws,  and minor irritations with inconsistent AI awareness of you, unclear objectives get the guide!! Im playing this again. Yes ACIV was more polished and prettier, Ezio is more fun, but the depth and scale of this game, the breadth of main characters, the amazing wilderness they even have baby animals in Spring make this the most epic and innovative entry of the series to date. 