Assassins Creed III follows Native American protagonist Connor Kenway as he seeks revenge on those who destroyed his tribe. While seemingly simple and generic, the brilliance of the plot comes from how it is incorporated with real events and individuals of the American Revolution. Players will get to virtually relive the Boston Massacre, Tea Party, and many famous battles in the course of Connors journey. However, the narrative gets all sorts of convoluted and as someone with little knowledge of history, I found the game failing to convey important details and distinguish the supporting cast. Fortunately, Wikipedia was there to clarify any and all of my confusion.The campaign takes place across three locations colonial Boston, New York, and the frontier. Each of the former two is divided into three districts which can be liberated from the British via side quests. Liberating a district earns Connor an Assassin recruit and a skill. Unlike previous games in which the recruits were nothing more than killing machines, the new skills now allow them to act as body guards or set up ambushes. Standing in contrast to the bustling city life is the frontier, a mixture of lush forests and sprawling plains populated by wildlife. Describing it with mere words wont do it justice, but I will say that upon finishing the main story, I found myself compelled to revisit the wilderness just to explore.Other new game mechanics include the ability to whistle around corners and participate in naval battles. The former mustve been nice conceptually, but its execution was extremely poor. Its purpose is to lure guards, but frustratingly enough, it doesnt always work. On the plus side, the naval battles are easily my favorite addition to the series. These side missions allow players to commandeer a warship and sail the Atlantic Ocean, defending merchant ships and fighting British vessels. The sounds and visuals when blowing up enemy boats are extremely gratifying. Also worth noting is the quality of Connors character animation. Everything he does, from combat to swinging from tree to tree is graceful and hypnotic. The animators at Ubisoft Montreal have really outdone themselves!Two of the most glaring faults Ive encountered are with the controls and multiplayer. Very often, I found my character doing stupid things like climbing up the wrong object, jumping off something in the wrong direction, or incorrectly assassinating people in a crowd. The bottom line is that the controls just dont feel as smooth or responsive as they should. From what little time I spent in the multiplayer, I found it to be extremely imbalanced and this is coming from someone with plenty of experience in Brotherhood and Revelations. The broken matchmaking system often grouped the novice players together against experienced ones. Some of the level requirements to unlock useful skills are ridiculous, giving newcomers an extreme disadvantage. This stands in contrast to the previous titles in which skills were unlocked in custom order as long as the player could afford it.I feel as though Ive barely scratched the surface of what this game has to offer. I had planned to say much more, but Steams recommendation limit prohibits me from doing so. Id like to note that by the time I finished the game 40 hours, I came to the shocking realization there were at least a handful of features I hadnt even touched. As with many ambitious games, this one also has many flaws. But the one thing that separates the Assassins Creed titles from everything else is their potential educational value. Its a solid and expansive game that, to me, is more than just a piece of mindless entertainment.Grade 5/5 