Although ACIII has been criticized A LOT byof the franchise I dont think of it as a disappointment. Having had purchased the Freedom Edition together with my brother, I now even got myself a second copy of this what I think. Im just going to outline what it is that I enjoyed so much about the fifth part of the Assassins Creed series.Lets start with the, as this is what I believe to be the one red thread throughout all the games and thus should be paid special attention to. Assassins Creed III has astory being set in the time of the American Revolution. As a great fan of history this already got me very excited for the game. My hopes werent disappointed either. After a couple of plot twists we encounter Connor and follow him throughout his childhood until he meets his teacher and becomes an Assassin. His story is incredibly, his character devekopment shows a lot ofas we see him change throughout the story. But its not just Connor we love about the game. Thewe meet and interact with all are created with great detail, we get to hear plenty of stories and yes, there are some, too.But enough with the story, lets take a look at what als Connor/Haytham/Desmonds adventures offer us. Assassins Creed games have always been nice to look at and 3 definitely has some. The different seasons, night and day, the deep forests and dirty towns as well as characters and animals are well animated and look. What I especially liked here is the, that add flavour to the already great graphics. The most beautiful part probably is when you take a black horse at night when its snowing, ride into the woods and have it rear right in front of the full moon.Lastly, lets take a look at theand the. Ive heard alot of people being unhappy about these, but as I only ever play games with my XBOX 360 controller for Windows if possible, I was okay with it. Thethough, which felt afrom time to time, but is something you get used to easily. The introduction of a bunch of cool,also make these new controls forgiveable. Combat is fluid and wellpaced. Another very interesting new addition to the game are the naval missions.who have already played Black Flag are probably going to tell you how crappy these are, but you mustnt forget that III actually was releasedIV. They are of course not as fantastic as they are in the latest Assassins Creed game, but since they areand youre, they are still pretty fun and a. Personally I wasnt a fan of them at first, but after a while even I started to love them.Assassins Creed III is ain so many a way. It has so much to offer and theresyou wont enjoy it. I can only recommend it. 