As someone who has loved the franchise this game was a huge disapointment. It should have been the best in the series by the time of its release but with a new title every year and very little changes in each the I just couldnt get into the same old thing again, and as much as I wanted to see the end of Desmonds story I still took several month long breaks after playing just a little at a time, it was only the release Assassins Creed 4 that gave me the motivation to power through this game.Revelations was the first game in the series I did not get 100 sync in but I did make it to over 90 so to say that this was the first sign the series was getting tired and very repetitive would not be fair. The first in the series has been acused numerous times of being repetative, then Assassins Creed II came and for the most part kept the same concept of mission types but gave them more depth. This leads to the problem with Assassins Creed III aside from the great advancements of part 2 this is the fifth game in the series and for the most part we are still doing those same basic mission types.To make it all feel worse the game has a very long training section at the begining and for anyone who has played previous game this can make the game feel much more like more of the same. You begin the game playing as Haytham Kenway for half of this training section and he was a much more interesting character than Connor who you will play for most of the game. Had the main character been more interesting at least there would have been more to distract from the same old missions. I was probably 10 hours in and still in training missions when I first took a break from the game I would every so often I would try to play some more sometimes I got 1 mission done before getting bored with it and sometimes I only loaded up the game to exit right away.This is not to say that this game does not add anything to the Assassins Creed format, it does add Naval missions and had Assassins Creed 4 not come out before I went for finishing this game I may have put more time into them but as this was I only used the ship during the main missions. Gameplay did open up later in the game and as much as I was trying to just get through the story I did find myself doing some side activities on my way to different story missions.If you have never played an Assassins Creed game you may enjoy the first half of this game more than I did. Assassins Creed 3 by all means should have been the best of the bunch when it was released but it wasnt. Even with all it added it restricted itself so much early on and only managed to emphasize that the series has not changed much since the second game. In the end this game leaves me wondering what needs to be done to redeem the series?6/10 