While Assassins Creed 3 may not be the best game in the series, its still worth playing through.The simplification of climbing and the architectural poverty of Boston and New York compared to the cities from the earlier games lead to parcour turning from the essential element of the game to something secondary and much less important.The fighting system also got reworked and is a bit simpler.What I really enjoyed about this game is that it is huge. I mean, HUGE. You have a lot of things to do, a lot of side quest to complete and a lot of stuff to collect. Building your own homestead was the most enjoyable experience to me.Aside from that, I found the trading system more realistic and more interesting. While in previous games you just made renovations and then collected the money after some time pass, here you have to craft items, to discover traders and to send convoys, taking the risk.Naval missions are also abundant in Assassins Creed 3, and they are quire welldone. It was a fresh and pleasant experience.Still, there is also a downside to having so many things to do. You can easily forget about the main storyline. And the thing is... The storyline doesnt seem to be one of the strong points of this game. I wouldnt go so far as to say that it is bad or boring, but I just couldnt keep myself from feeling that something was lacking, when I was playing. Yes, there is one powerful twist in the story that happens pretty early in the game, but after that it seems like a lesson on the history of the American Revolution with the protagonist participating in every event that had any significance.Speaking of the theme, Im not really interested in the period of the American Revolution, but, nevertheless, I enjoyed reading witty comments of Shaun about the events and the characters.All in all, this is definitely a worthy addition to the collection of any true Assassin. Surely, it has its ups and downs, but there is a high chance youll be able to find something interesting for you to do. 