Before we even start this review, I just want to say something about your attitude coming into this game. What most people say is bad about this game is true dull lead character, boring setting, not as hype as the Ezio saga. However, we must look past all the bad things and realize that the good things about AC3 by far outshine the bad.Assassins Creed III The AC franchise takes its first trip away from Europe as it settles down into the American Revolution. You start out playing as Englishman Haytham Kenway, but after a few hours of gameplay switch over to Connor Kenway, his Mohican son and the main character of the game. Throughout the game, Connor assassinates his way up the Templar hierarchy as an act of revenge for an attack on Connors Native American village. Connor is exposed to many historic events in the American Revolution, such as the Boston Tea Party and the Battle on Bunker Hill, and meets influential people at the time like George Washington, Benjamin Franklin, and Samuel Adams. The game itself was a pioneer for the sequel/prequel Assassins Creed IV Black Flag, as many of AC3s most successful new ideas were made even better in AC4.And now for the pros and consWhile plot for Haytham Kenway is slow and somewhat dull, and the beginning of Connors story is often uninteresting, the story manages to develop into a passionate and bad plot due to Connors strong motive of freedom for the people.Connor is widely considered the most bad of the assassins so far. His serious attitude and ideals of freedom make him the clear embodiment of determination of justice.Connors new weapons the tomahawk, flintlock pistols, heavy axes, and bow and arrows make combat much more interesting than it was before, giving players a fairly wide variety of choices on what weapon to use.Hunting, while not giving many rewards besides some skins and body parts to be sold, is actually quite fun. The game has a very nice mix of threatening animals wolves, cougars, bobcats, elk, bears and nonthreatening animals rabbits, deer, foxes, raccoons, beavers, which makes hunting a very enjoyable adventure. Hunting was first introduced in AC3 and was brought back to be just as good in AC4.Sailing/naval combat is considered one of the best additions to the AC franchise. First introduced in AC3, Connor could embark on some campaign sailing missions as well as a few naval combat side missions. Naval combat pitted you against enemies in a variety of ships, with varying degrees of difficulty to sink. Sailing also pitted you against Mother Nature, where battling strong winds, veering around rocks, and bracing against rogue waves is also a big struggle. Sailing/naval combat was enormously improved upon and made the title mechanic for AC4, which was based around pirate adventures.Freerunning in trees, while sometimes slower than just running on ground, gives the player a new advantage in getting to higher places and sneaking up on people/wildlife.CONSLike most say, Connor is a very dull character. He shows no emotion besides calmness, passionate anger/hate, and pain. He most often calls Achilles, his mentor, old man, rather than something more friendly. To top it off, his voice while great for his passionate rage sequences can be very monotonous when simply having conversation with someone.It takes around fourfive hours of gameplay for the story to actually pick up and get moving.The game has some minor glitches. None of them are gamebreaking, and most just involve NPC models getting stuck in places they shouldnt be.Lots of the side missions are very boring and repetitive. Most involve obtaining items from someone to bring back to another person. The Homestead missions, while having small bits of tension and excitement are very dull and never seem to end. The Oak Island missions, however, are actually a lot of fun and offer a helpful reward once completed.Without giving too much away, Desmonds/the modernday storyline is a huge letdown. However, it is infinitely times better than the modernday storylines of AC4 and AC Unity.Overall, though, a very fun game, and something that you can definitely come back to just for the combat.8.9/10 AC3 will always remain my favorite, just for all the great things about it.