This is probably the worst game in the series so far.  Its not a bad game by any stretch of the imagination, but its mediocre.  Alright, with all my ranting out of the way, lets get onto my actual opinion of the game.CharactersOne of the reasons that made Assassins Creed II and Brotherhood so good was Ezio.  He was a young, relatable, ladykiller and sometimes a , but in a good way that gets into a lot of trouble and thats why we loved him.  While, Connor on the other hand seems to be the exact opposite.  He seems to have no emotions.  Whenever he talks, he talks in this monotone voice that feels like he doesnt really care what hes talking about.  Achilles on the other hand, is a welldeveloped mentor style character that was an Assassin long ago, but now spends his older years in his house and teaches Connor how to be a true assassin.  The villian is actually pretty well thought out because you start out by thinking one person is the villian, but then it turns out hes pretty much an antihero and someone else is the true villain.  Sorry for the lack of specificity, but thats for the story section of my reviewGraphicsThe graphics are okay I guess.  Nothing mindboggling for its time, just standard 2012 looking graphics.MusicThe music seems to be not there.  Like not at all.  The chase theme from the original Assassins creed was really good and made escaping from a large conflict seem as badass as possible.  Maybe its because its so good, that I dont notice it because it fits the theme so well, I dont really know.StoryYou start out by playing as an Assassin looking character going around killing people, climbing buildings, and doing other Assassinlike things.  But then about 30 minutes in, you find out that you were playing as the villain.  I really liked this, because it introduced the villain in a unique way that Ive never seen done before.  Braid doesnt count, because you find out at the end.  After learning that, you cut to Connor playing with his friends and then they get attacked by colonists.  After that, its the stereotypical Americans rebelling against the British with the occasional Americans being large s to Native Americans.  Im American, so I can sat that.GameplayIts Assassins Creed, we all know what it is.  Or do we?  Is it really Assassins Creed anymore or is it Dynasty Warriors?  There seems to be an endless supply of guards when they chase you and its annoying to go back to incognito.  Also, the ship sections of this game downright suck.  There the worst part of the game by far.  You constantly have to change sails for pretty much no reason at all.  The wind seems to have no purpose while sailing except forcing you to have to change sails every 15 seconds.  Also, if you get into a naval battle, you can kiss goodbye to your sanity.  You have to move your ship so youre exactly lined up with the enemy while the wind is obviously going against you, and hope to god that you hit while youre taking so much damage.  If this is how Assassins Creed III does ship battles, I dont even want to see what Assassins Creed IV is like.PresentationThe health bar, or should I say collumn, is not a good design choice.  In all the previous Assassins Creed games, yourhealth was measured by multiple boxes rectangles, whatever.  That was good because you knew exactly how much health you had and how much more hits you could take until you went down.  Remember how in the previous games, you would start out with very little health, but then eventually get more?  Thats nonexistant in this game.  You use the same health collumn your entire playthrough.  Other than that, theres nothing too serious in the presentation department.VerdictIf youve played all the other games in the series and you want another AC game for your fix, this one will suffice.  Just dont expect your high to be as good as the other ones.       If you payed 60 for this game, Im sorry for you.  Its worth it for 30 imo.  Also, Uplay is a thing.  I would rate this game an overall 6.5/10