The AC franchise has been built on a model of innovative gameplay, including fluid freerunning, fastpaced combat, fascinateing story elements and intriguing and challenging puzzles. AC III takes a huge step backward in many of these elements, presenting a puzzling combination of frustrating circumstances that leads any fan of the series to wonder WTF?! Out loud. While yelling.First, the good. AC III is the first game in the series to change the combat system from the original counter system found in AC I. Aside from a poor tutorial, the new counter system actually seems even more fluid once you get the hang of it, and I did find it quite fun to fight scores of lobsterbacks at once usually as a catharsis from the games other elements. Not all moves worked on every enemy, and using defense breaks and disarms provided some interesing depth to an otherwise two dimensional combat system. The addition of naval combat was welcomed and was quite fun. I didnt quite understand why my huge cannonballs wouldnt have destroyed those powder stores rather than just exposing them, but the strategy was appreciated for its progression and seeing those ships explode did bring a smile to my face. The overall story and voice acting within the game were also relatively pleasing, keeping the player engaged during the intermittent cut scenes and expositions.Next, the bad. ACs sync system has been something of particular interest to me since it was introduced. While I am not a completionist, I have always wanted to get 100 synchonization on all missions. It was a feeling of accomplishment, achieving a level of mastery of those missions to the degree the original legends had done hundreds of years prior. What made all those extra requirements intriguing was that they elevated the tactics needed to complete the mission those that would be seen in an action movie or comic book. They made you awesome becuase you could do it like a badass ninja. AC III took those requirements and threw into the trash and lit them of fire. They instead replaced them with tedious requirements that werent challenging but annoying and frustratiing. They didnt make you badass. They made you do stupid tricks. They didnt force you to master the system. They forced you to game it. A perfect example of this would be the requirement that you not shove pedestrians when chasing a target through the streets. Does daintily walking by pedestrians in between sprints make you badass? No. Does it provide you with ample opportunities to shout at your screen and punch the nearest breakable surface with your ragefist? Yes. If these requirements werent tedious, they were unreasonably difficult. Dont take fire damage while running through a burning building with poor level design and convoluted routing. Air assasinate a specific enemy, forcing you to kill everyone else before climbing the mast just for this singular reason breaking the natural flow of the overall strategy. Etc. Etingcetera. It goes on and on. The game breaks you out of the strategy and says Do it this way because reasons.My final frustration was with this games tendency to provide game elements that seemed to act as solutions looking for a problem. They had potential, but had little to no practicality. I never found it useful at any time to use any of the additional assassins for anything other than helping me kill enemies. The fake escort, the lure, and the like seemed to be gimmicks that had no use. The only missions that begged their use were those that introduced you to them. They served no other purpose than to be introduced and soon forgotten. The homestead was a wonderful idea in concept, but I honestly didnt craft a single item during the entire game. Recipes were collected and quickly forgotten as well. I could pick up all the ammo I needed from my dead enemies. What use did I have to make any? Almanac pages were a pain to grab due to an often clunky free run on slanted rooftops, and their reward was nebulous enough to leave me feeling very comfortable to leave them on the map. Hunting was fun at first, but I felt no need to gather skins or complete lists of animal kills. These entire portions of the game seemed like needless addons that I increasingly ignored the more I became frustrated with the games core elements.While I am usually one to do all side missions to get all possible story elements and complete most other parts of the AC games feathers and flags aside, I found myself grinding out the story missions exclusively in even the early game just to get to the end and that was only because I wanted to see the outcome of the overall story arc set up in previous games, not anything within the merit of the game itself.My conclusion? Dont play this game unless you are a diehard fan of the series. I give it a 4/10.This game is like Star Wars Episode I. With a franchise this good, how could another one be bad, right? 