I will probably never play an Assassins Creed game again after having finished AC3.This game a bad on so many levels It took over 5 hours for the tutorial to end. Even then, whenever something intersting starts, you get a cut scene In fact most of the game feels like a cut scene There is a constant barrage of fact box popups about all kinds places and persons involved in the Revolutionary War. My guess is twice as much info as all the other games together. There is an endless amount of fetch quests/side missions, and in one area, there is only a few fast travel stations, so its up on your horsie and ride towards sunset for a couple of hours. The minigames are dreadful. Two or was it three boardgames and bocce. Why? Unless you upgrade your ship right away, the naval missions are a pain to play as the ship is almost impossible to control. Also you are forced to play a naval mission three times. In ACRev you could at least skip the tower defense after the tutorial. The story is long winded and filled to the brim with people who just keep yakking about this and that. And just when you think they are done, they keep going on and on. My guess is there is a failed screenwriter or two on the team  and there is a reason why they never got a career going in movies. The protagonist has the personality of a wet paperbag and the intelligence of a turnip. In fact I cant remember a single character from the game that I thought was funny or awesome. The heroes are nondescript and the bad guys are.. well, they are there but thats it. I just ignored the present day scenes, which sadly took up a great deal of time at the end. Oh and I had time to take a dump during the end credits unskippable  the credits and the dump! and was still able to get back and get bored by them. I would guess 15 minutes of text crawl.So the conclusion to my 70 hours in Assassins Creed 3 countryThere are a few hours of enjoyment when you jump around on rooftops, but other than that, its just a very boring and very bad, although extremely pretty game.Stay away until its on sale.