Assassins Creed III presents a challenging narrative in which you must justify your own take on history, given the perspective of the other. Will you believe in the Assassin friendly revolutionaries, headed by the founding fathers, George Washington, Ben Franklin, and John  Samuel Adams or trust the increasingly alarming words of the Templars, who seek to control in an effort to preserve?In the middle stands Connor, a new halfMohawk protagonist known to his people as Ratonhnhakton, caught between two worlds. Connors ultimate obligation is to his tribe, and he will go to any measure to secure its safety. The narrative starts with a playable introduction as Connors father, Haytham Kenway, whom players eventually discover is not what he appears. The introduction largelyintroducesthe new setting and gameplay options, lasting roughly a third of the game. Outside of that is the continuing framing story of Desmond, desperately trying to avert catastrophe on December 21st, 2012, and deciphering clues left by the first civilization, specifically Minerva and Juno.Interspersed between 1700s missions and temple exploration, are segments set in modern day New York that allow for direct control of Desmond, set amongst a skyscraper, a Brazilian fighting match, and a final confrontation at Abstergo industries. Missions in this series have always been fun and varied, and this one is no different, although optional objectives tend to be headache inducing. Assassins Creed III reintroduces ideas from the original game in more engaging fashions allowing for mobile eavesdropping, and the general concept of assassinating theTemplarheads. Connor will make significant changes throughout the history of the Revolutionary War.Controls have been simplified to a minimalistic razor, as players largely hold a button and move forward to semieffortlessly traverse historically accurate recreations of Colonial New York and Boston, as well as the aweinspiring frontier. New to the game are the Yshaped traversal obstacles, a Jason Bournelike ability to dive through windows, and general improvements to navigating the world.There have been massive improvements to combat system, including motioncaptured animations of sword movement, greater flexibility, and the devastating ability to chain assassinations. Guns played a major role in the revolution, and the same is true here, as the world is littered with rifles. If stealth is more your speed, Connor is also equipped with a bow and the ubiquitous hidden blade. The tomahawk proves invaluable. On the other side of the equation are thewhollyrefreshing Naval missions, as Connor steers and directs the operations of large scale combat through beautifully expansive environments.Full recreations of minor details flesh out the world, lending credibility to the reality of the game. Improvements to the graphics engine allow for fully immersive weather systems and the changing of the seasons. Everything about how rain, snow, and natural atmosphere work in the world are well represented here. Shadows and lighting are incredibly realistic as well, softly filtered through tree canopies.The world map is massive, detailing waterfalls, cliff sides, and forests filled with the new animal activity. Connor will find and interact with rabbits, raccoons, wolves, bears, mountain cats, dogs, and deer, as well as the expected horses. In addition to hunting, players can now engage in optional side quests such as exploring the underground, trading, thrilling naval missions, and much more.Overall, this latest entry is not perfect, as there are many glitches in the game world, and some difficulties with collision detection, but the many additions to the series feel fresh and exciting, particularly the ability to explore the great outdoors. The story is complex and involving, and lasts about 10 hours, not counting the endless variety ofside quests. For fans of the series, consider this entry essential. 