After playing through and finishing the game in about 30 hours, I felt that it was time to write my own reivew on AC3.  For the most part the game has stunning visuals as my computer was able to run it on max settings, with little to no hiccups in the framerate.  Running around Boston and New York in the late 18th century was a lot of fun, especially since I am a particular fan of the American Revolution and the early history of the United States.  This was a primary reason for ignoring much the negative reviews of the game.TLDR Interesting concept to have game setting in American Revolution.  Has amazing visuals and cool naval battles.  However, a boring/repetitive battle system, spotty free running controls, too many cutscenes, and a flimsy storline detract from the game.Postitives As I said before, the visuals of the game are pretty amazing, even if the game is 2 years old.  the textures of the city and characters were done really well and the shadow effects really added to the astethtics of the game.Haytham Kenway, the first character you get to play, has a good storyline, but was abrublty stopped short to tell the tale of Connor.Beating the crap out of Redcoats was fun, especially with the Tomahawk.Naval Battles were a lot of fun and were challenging. Taking down frigates and multiple smaller ships with the canons was awesome and you could truly feel the power of the firepower of the ships back in the day.The Liberation and Assassination side quests helped me passed the time when I felt like taking a break from the main mission.  Liberation consists of helping people by defeating Tax Collectors, soldiers harrassing farmers, planting false information on snitches, etc.NegativesRepetitive combat system.  Sure the combos were cool, but they were automatic as I mashed B, X, or A continously.  Using the counter button B, was easy to avoid getting hit.  I did not like the fact that if you failed to finish a combo, which at times were lengthy, the enemy wouldnt die. I mean how many times do I really have to hack a soldier with a TOMAHAWK before he dies?No crouch button made it very difficult to sneak around enemies or take proper cover from people shooting at you.  I was made several times by soldiers as Connor slowly walked on top of a roof trying not to be detected.  For a game of stealth, I thought it would be normal to have a crouch feature.Using a soldier as a meat shield was difficutl. I could never get the timing right as a firing line got ready to shoot me.  I always ended up getting shot as I desperately tried to grab an enemy near me to use him as a shield. I ended up giving up and charging the line each time to prevent them from shooting me.The story was alright. I had mixed feelings about it, but overall it was flimsy to me as to why the Assassins were fighting the Templars.  Connor just seemed to hate the Templars soley because of personal reasons which I dont want to ruin for anyone on here and simply went along with the Templars are bad because I said so from him trainer cliche.Most of the side quests dont really add any value to you. I went through the whole game without really having to upgrade or waste time hunting  you get enough of that in the Tutorial to care after that point. I had about 11,000 at the end of the game and didnt spend a dime of it.Free running was kind of a chore.  I found myself jumping on rails and fences or doing something I did not want to do while running from British soldiers all because the sprint and parkour button was the same Right Trigger.The biggest issue I have were the cutscenes. It got really frustrating walking about 3 to 5 meters cutscene, fight someone real quick, cutscene, walk a meter, cutscene, etc, etc. I get that they want to push the story, but let us play through it and have lenthier cutscene instead of chopped up ones that add no real value to the game at all.  This especially happens towards the end of the game.Last one and Ill call it a day, the last two boss fights if you want to call them that, were really lackluster.  I was expecting a fight or some type of assassination, but neither of those happened.  I felt really shortchanged with a, Thats it?? to the fight.I really wanted to give this game a postiive review, but the cons outweigh the pros.  I would only recommend this to someone who is a history buff and wants participate in American US history.  Other than that, its not a very strong game.  For those who are fans of AC, go for it, if youre not and want to get into the series, I would go for AC4, which is what I should have done in the first place.