Let me say that I am a big fan of this series and always want to like the next installment of it I find the lore interesting, love the metagaming aspect of you playing Desmond playing Ezio/Connor/whoever and really enjoyed the settings and history woven into the series so far. It is hard for me to give this a thumbs down. If you havent played the series, go from the start if you have, like me youll probably play this game regardless of the bad reviews.Sadly, it feels that with every new AC game, a little bit more of what made it great seems to slip away to be replaced by something unnecessary and unwanted. I just sat through the longest unskippable credits roll in history ironic that you get an achievement called no good deed goes unpunished just afterwards, which gave me some time to ponder this game and its myriad faults, some of which seem pretty unforgivable given the unbelievably vast number of people and presumably money involved in this games creation. Awful port to PC. Its just so lazy. Why cant I just have a key I can press to whistle for my horse, another to throw a smoke bomb, another to shoot an arrow etc? At least let me bind them all to 10 on my keyboard for quick access. Why force me to hold down R then select it from a wheel? Why make the clickpressclickclickpress chore of sending my brethren off on missions so tedious? Why force me to navigate console controllertailored submenu after submenu to craft when it could all be laid out nicely and me be able to quickly click with my mouse? The list of poor UI grievances goes on and on, making almost every moment spent in the game less appealing than they should. A good UI is one you dont notice, that blends seamlessly with the feel of the game. This is the opposite of that. Speaking of the crafting system, its a hideous abomination. By the time you just about get to grips with it, the game is over and youre left scratching your head as to what the point was. Spoiler alert there isnt one. Boring, bland environments compared to previous games. Wooden colonial buildings vs the majesty of Florence or Rome? I know which I found more compelling. Why do they have to change all the keys between each AC game? Its very frustrating if youve just played Revelations and move to this... you basically have to relearn everything. Lazy stuff that breaks immersion, like in every cutscene Connors outfit reverts to the one you start with, irrespective of him wearing a totally different outfit only seconds before and after. Did none of the 10000 playtesters notice this? If they did, why wasnt it fixed? Just one of many glaring bugs/errors/things Ubisoft couldnt be arsed to sort out. The hunting part felt like a massive steal from Red Dead Redemption, a game I really loved. The problem is it just doesnt capture your attention like that game does I barely bothered with hunting here because it just wasnt immersive and effortlessly enjoyable like RDRs hunting. Maybe its just me, but I died so many times jumping off synchronisation points... in previous games it was always obvious which way you had to dive to hit a haystack or whatever. Here, you are sometimes up in a tree with leaves totally obscuring the ground so you just choose a direction, perform a leap of faith and... oh, well. Sorry about your legs, Connor. Ezio was always a real ladies man, so it was obvious how he could be an ancestor of Desmond. Connor never strikes up any romantic relationships at all, doesnt even take an interest in doing so. I suppose at the end were meant to feel like he still has a lot of living to do, but it felt like a bit of a loose end, considering hes only the protagonist for this one game.There were a few things I liked I guess. Firstly Id urge everyone to play through the homestead missions, if only because it really adds to the plot and some important stuff is left unanswered if you dont.The combat is still clunky but the combat animations were really cool at times. I dont get the hate on Connor, he wasnt on the level of Ezio but was still likeable enough. I enjoyed the plot twist at the end of the ohsolong tutorial phase. My favourite name in the endless credits was a guy called Stone Chin. Chin Wee Lee was a close second. Awesome. Hmm... thats about it really.6/10, must try harder Ubisoft. I cannot understand anyone hailing this as a fantastic game, or giving it anything like a flawless 10. I suppose Ill try Black Flag now, which is meant to be a return to form.