Please, do not buy Assassins Creed III.Ive decided to finish the game 100 purely out of my love for original Assassins Creed and marvelous sequel in form of Assassins Creed II. Assassins Creed III on its own is not too bad, it can certainly entertain and it will serve newcomers to the series fairy well, however, undearneath its apparel theres just too much pain.Combat is unrefined and new manouvers barely get to shine while they drown in counters/spamming clicks. It can get challenging, but not without exposing how weak and repetetive combat actually is.The Social Stealth is something series forgotton how to use, beside some blatantly laid out hiding spots during various missions.PC could make use of all the various gadgets and equipment Connor gets access to, but you are limited to 4 keybinds and unncecessarily disruptive to use Inventory screen, which I cant imagine was good idea even for the consoles.Every cutscene, every character and every location feels like its been ripped out of developments team hands in their infancy. Areas without purpose or missions, scenes ending abrubtly or making no sense, absurd decisions made by reasonable characters. I sometimes wonder wether I was questioning the game more than I was actually playing it proper.If you go to a wiki, or some fansite you will find libraries of clues that suggest that almost all mechanics and features were supposed to be much bigger, much more interesting. Freeroaming Americas coast in Aquila ? A more organic trade system ? A purpose for all the goods other than to get money for gear that barely affects gameplay, other than providing different combat animations ? Roots of all of these, and more, can be found and they will make a gamers heart weep for all the lost potential.Its especially sad when you play the game, roam the wilderness and witness a pair of elk fighting, or bear cubs near river. You stop for a moment and breathe in, you can sense the Frontier, the tree youve just climbed and the grand story you are part of. For a moment, you immerse yourself, like when you had that naval battle during a storm, and enemys volley was engulfed by the wave while you were fighting the wind, or when you infiltraded enemy fort unnoticed, using a cunning ruse with assistance of  your recruits.For a moment, you witnessed game the development team of Assassins Creed III envisioned, an experience of action, history, grand political schemes and stories of the people, of wilderness and cities, a complete masterpiece that would shake up the industry, both in terms of quality and quantity of content and activities.After that moment you remember however, that to get all the unlocks you need to kill 20 more bears with that same QTE or stealth kill animation, theres about 5 fetch quests to do, 2 more guys to assassinate that are not even named, theres fort that you could try and take over with stealth, but whats the point if its going to take twice the time and you can just run in and counterkill everyone, main mission is optimally 2 loading screens away, good thing youve spend that hour just walking slowly around underground tunnels to get all the fast travel points ,ey ? Oh, right, gotta attend the builtin browser game to levelup my recruits, just tap space and enter a couple times. All this grind is at least worth the main story missions, right ? Right...