Assassins Creed 3 is another entry into the long time open world 3rd person action RPG series of Assassins Creed.The game is developed and published both by Ubisoft and released in 2012. In AC3 you play as Connor, when in the simulation, and Desmond when out of it, as well as playing as Haytham in a lengthy prologue. Each character plays exactly the same and there is no differences other than looks. AC3 takes place during the American Revolution and throughout the game youll meet some historical figures such as George Washington or Samuel Adams. As the game begins you are forced to play as a man named Haytham, Connors father, in what is essentially a 3 hour long tutorial which almost turned me off from playing the game altogether. After that Connor is born and you begin your journey in a small indian village with multiple timeskips as Connor ages. Eventually you end up having a vision about the sigil of the Assassins and this leads you to a man named Achilles who trains you to take up the mantle of Assassin. The game features lots of side options and collectibles but most of them feel pointless and forced so you have little incentive to get them. AC3 also features a weak attempt at a multiplayer component that I really cannot give much comment on seeing as its dead. The games story mode works in longer sections called sequences and each of these has multiple missions inside of it. Each mission probably lasts 1030 minutes and there are maybe 45 in a sequence which brings the total game time for story alone to about 1213 hours. However, I did lots of the side missions and a good amount of collectibles and my playtime came out to be about 30 hours so it depends on how much content you want to play through.The Assassins Creed series has a very basic but satisfying combat system, similar to the Batman Arkham series, which consists of just countering your enemies then executing them over and over again. There are multiple supplementary weapons such as a flintlock pistol, rope and poison darts, and even trip mines that you can use to enhance the combat experience. You can also stealth your way through AC3 even though, for a game about assassins, the stealth here is absolutely abysmal and lacks basic features like being able to crouch. The fact that there are mandatory stealth missions in this game really brings out the terrible stealth system and semistealth eavesdropping segments are just as bad if not worse in some places. However what can help the stealth segments significantly is the AC parkour system that has been a staple of the series for as long as its been here. In the AC games you can climb virtually anything and you can run from building to building to get where you need to be. In AC3 the world feels like it was meant to be built for you to be able to flow across the buildings but instead feels very choppy. After you counter an enemy you have three options execute, throw, or disarm them and on some enemies you cant execute or throw them since they will end up countering you instead. Honestly the combat is pretty satisfying with the executions to make things interesting but overall even those get stale after having to do the same things over and over again. Most of the enemies in AC3 are just generic soldiers but some are actually unique and can prove to be a challenge to even the most experienced assassins. Soldiers like the Jaeger, who cannot be executed or disarmed, can prove a challenge when they are mixed in with hordes of other basic troopers. The combat here is incredibly satisfying yet repetitive and can make you either take up your blade in an adrenaline rush or turn around and run away from its repetitive nature.The story of AC3 does a very poor job of both drawing you in and keeping you interested as its pretty boring with no real twists and a very dissatisfying ending. The world AC3 tries to build looks amazing on the surface but once you get into it you realize that its just the same as every other world that theyve made except for the new coat of paint hastily thrown onto it. The side missions in the world of AC3 make you do things like climb across rooftops chasing pages for a book or grab feathers from a birds nest in the woods and these are so boring that they chase you away from the good side missions. Some of the better side missions are based on the Liberation system which allows you to liberate parts of each city and get a follower who can help you out in return. Both of the cities, Boston and New York, are divided into 3 areas and you have to do side missions to free the populace from British control and then finish the area off with a liberation mission. The liberation missions are typically very basic assassination missions with Connor recruiting the follower into the assassins. You can also send your recruits out on timebased missions in one of the colonies which can give you things like gold and pelts to level up your followers and make them more effective. However the problem with these missions is, as I said, theyre time based. This means you have to choose which followers to send on a missions and then wait like 10 minutes for them to complete the mission and even then they could fail and make you restart. The Liberation system is really cool and all but I dont feel like it was implemented well and instead was shoehorned into the game at the last second. However, a system I feel was probably the best part of this game is the naval missions and the quest for Captain Kidds treasure. Once you get into the game you will restore an old ship named the Aquila and become her new captain. You have around 18 normal naval missions, which involve you blowing up some ships or defending a convoy, then you have the templar missions and the hunt for Captain Kidds treasure. You have 2 kinds of attacks on your ship Small swivel guns to take out smaller craft, and main cannons for taking out forts or larger ships. You can also switch out your ammo from basic cannon to things like grape shot for smaller boats or chain shot for the masts. You can upgrade your ship so that you can do things like do more damage when ramming ships or gain an extra cannon so your volleys are more powerful. The naval system is very well implemented and really makes you feel like youre a badass captain and brings a break from the repetitive combat and tiring story.Assassins Creed III is a very mediocre entry to the series bringing very little new features with it and those it does bring feel like they were shoehorned in at the last second.