Assassins Creed 3... where do I begin... I had played this game and was halfway done on the PS3 version, back in 2012... and somehow, I had lost interest on the game. Not because of the American Revolution War setting, but of many bugs, glitches, bland missions and irritating side missions. Honestly, AC3 is my least favorite game of the franchise. So many annoying aspects that kept this game to be just fun.While the game continues the story of Desmond Miles, I would say that if you had played previous AC games, you ought it to yourself to at least, play AC3 for the sake of Desmonds storyline. It is quite interesting to finally see it conclude in some way while being somehow predictable but frankly, it has finally the closure many fans demanded.As for the Animus storyline, you play as a Native American, a Mohawk named Ratonhnhakton, aka Connor. Hes thrown into the assassin vs templar neverending war, without his conscent like usual!. You see him growing up, learning how to be an assassin, mastering skills and whatnot. Some time further, you get to control your own sail ship. At least, this is a fun portion of the game! But alas, the good portions are very rare, on the experience I got while playing this game...PROSGraphically, this game is impressive, especially this PC version compared to PS3.Amazing attention to historical and visual details seeing Boston and New York of the old times was quite a virtual visit!.Haytham Kenway really liked that character and I wish wed get to play some more of that characters faction in the future of AC games.Rich storytelling.Sea battles are indeed, very fun and tense!Homestead missions and watching that Homestead come to life after each mission completed.CONSUplay DRM.LOTS bugs and glitches.QTE. Not too abundant but still present nonetheless.Terrible and Inflexible missions. You gotta play each missions as how the developer demands you do.Checklist of optional objectives for some bullcrap of FULL SYNCHRONIZATION. Besides achievements and Desmond Miles skin inside the Animus, its not worth the trouble!Assassins recruits doesnt seem to level up as much and as fast as previous AC games.Weak soundtrack done by Lorne Balfe. Worse was at many times, you dont hear any music at all which makes the game a snore fest.Hunting mechanics go largely undeveloped and becomes pointless for the little gain you obtain from hunting.Parkour inconsistencies. Connor always seem to grip into everything... if only youd had a button to trigger grip when running, that way, you wouldnt be grabbing every ledges and fences.Stealth inconsistencies. LOTS of stealth requirements on missions and if detected, DESYNCHRONIZED, REPEAT!.As fun as the ship battles go, it becomes mostly pointless since you never obtain any rewards from them, no money, nothing!Currency in the game is hard to obtain. I never understood the trading mechanic of the game and cant care at this point anyway.Way too many tailing missions... just too many...Limited replay value unless you seek Full Synch and all collectibles.Same old multiplayer gameplay. Not my bag but maybe yours?The Tyranny of King Washington DLC has a decent WHATIF scenario it gives Connor cool animal spirit powers too. That DLC adds about 7 hours of gameplay, depending if you seek Full Synch that is! Although, it feels very strechted and doesnt add up anything into AC3 story. Ubisoft has mentioned that this DLCs story is canon but I fail to see on what base it is. You may skip that 7 or so hours and just read Wiki or watch gameplay videos instead!OVERALLThe game felt rushed and overly streched in many parts. It was such a huge disappointment even if I dared investing around 40 hours into that iteration. Also, I do wonder if Ubisoft had tested that game and determined that, no, it is not fun to be whacked with a great big red X for failing the long and pointless checklist of optional objectives in missions. It just feels forced to play the game the way they have intended and you cant play the game otherwise, completely inflexible. AC3 is not mediocre but somehow, it is close to it. The game goes in both extremes very often. As good as the game can be at a time and as bad, annoying and irritating the next mission can be.In all honesty, if my good old friend never told me how amazing Assassins Creed 4 Black Flag is, I would have given up on the franchise, right here, after having played this AC3.RECOMMENDATIONSomewhat, yes. For the sake of Desmonds final story arc mainly. If you do not care much about the modern story, you can always have some fun with Connor in the Animus and I gotta say, Connors story is the saving grace of the whole game. Also, the Tyranny of King Washingtong DLC is passable and doesnt add anything to Connors story, which makes the Season Pass very optional! If interested, you should get the Deluxe Edition as it includes everything released of AC3.RATING6.5 / 10...and now, onto Assassins Creed Liberation... 