There has been some debate recently regarding the annual release schedule of the Assassins Creed franchise. Some people argue that churning out a new game every year lessens the quality of the franchise. They equate it to modern war games like Call of Duty or Battlefield. Where I stand is if putting out games every year didnt make the companies as much money as it does, they wouldnt do it. Its our fault for buying every new Assassins Creed that comes out. Also, you have to remember that Ubisoft is a huge company. They do have several projects running simultaneously, just because its been a year since the last game came out does nt mean that the new game has only been in development for 12 months.By now, just about everyone and their axolotl knows about Assassins Creed III, the hell yes! America! game. Ive heard a lot of criticism about ACIII but I dont think it deserves all of it. Yes, the game is one of the glitchiest things Ive ever played. Boston and New York arent as distinguishable as previous cities in the franchise. There arent many, if any, decent freerunning paths in the cities. There are some interesting tree paths in the frontier but running through the trees feels slower than how freerunning was in previous games.  Combat was improved, in my opinion, though if youre fighting too many blokes at once there are times when the combat indicators just wont work. I like how the counter has had the turtling aspect removed so that there is a little bit of skill involved. The ship missions have also been the target of many a displeased comment, but I really enjoyed them and they seem to have based Black Flag completely off of the ship missions.The weakest link of ACIII is the modern day sequences. But Desmond has always been a shaking foundation to build the franchise on. In ACIII it feels like there was a huge buildup for a giant flop. What I really dont like is that Desmond is just a reskinned Connor. It feels like the developers completely forgot that the point of having the Desmond in ACII was to train him through the bleeding effect of the animus. Logically he should still run, climb and fight like Ezio did, not have an instant shift to Connor. It even goes as far as Desmond fights with a second knife that magically appears from the ether.ACIII has an interesting story. I was impressed that Connor never chose a side in the revolution. He has reason enough to dislike the British and the Patriots. He is actually fighting for his peoples safety, not for the Patriots. The Templars are aiding the British so it becomes the old adage, the enemy of my enemy is my friend. Maybe Im biased because I adore Native culture Ive even been mistaken for a Native person though only from racist comments. Its true ACIII is no ACII, which is my personal favourite of the franchise. It also isnt Assassins Creed Revelations which is arguably the worst. Id place ACIII somewhere between the first Assassins Creed game and Brotherhood. It really isnt a bad game definitely give it a try, especially the DLC. The episodic gameplay style of The Tyranny of King Washington was extremely enjoyable. The animal spirit power thing actually helped with stealth gameplay. If you have the chance pick up Assassins Creed III and see how you like it for yourself but if have a choice between III and Black Flag go with Black Flag, please.