I think this tells some part of the story that the first game started it looks pretty nice and has lots of things to do. And that pretty much covers the positive things. Without the amount of bugs it still has after 3 and half years of its release i wonder have they even tried to fix any of them? it could be a good game. Remaining undetected is atleast really hard cause the enemy can see thru walls, trees, terrain... and you cant even crouch apart from entering a bush where your character crouches automaticly. Enemys dont seem to have health and you have to kill them by finishing a combo of moves  or get lucky and kill them with a strike that passes thru their defence. Sometimes in a fight it gets to a point where all you can do is parry cause every enemy is attacking you by turns and if you fail to parry any of them hitting you, you are the only 1 losing health and they screw up the combo you were having while trying to hit somebody else. Sometimes the enemy kills themselves by falling a non fatal hight cause of some bug. Then there are some secondary objectives or challenges more like that suddenly pop up that are usually a pain in theto fulfill and sometimes almost impossible in example i had to chase a dude that was running endless loop around town with an objective of do not shove or tackle anybody and the only possible way to make him stop running and make the story continue was to tackle him. So i got into the next cinematic but after it it said i had failed the objective. D. Then theres the free running  you will usually end up climbing something when you are trying to run in the streets and if you are chased by enemies you will usually hit a wall instead of the huge door or alley  near where you are trying to go. Navigating in trees is sometimes very difficult and when you climb on the top of the tree viewpoint you cant see very well whats down and where the haystack is. Sometimes you seem to lose weapons from your inventory  and ive gotten literally stuck behnd some non combatants in a fight in 1 of the story missions. And the game crashes randomly atleast for me. So i cant recommend this game to anybody else than those that absolutely have to know what happens in the story of the game. 