For a while there I thought I would never recommend this. I have never played a more thoroughly unpolished, broken, and unfinished game than Assassins Creed III.Yet here I am recommending it to the 3 people who havent already tried it, and I have to sort of figure out why. During the 60 hours or so of 100 completing every objective in the game, I found myself hugely ambivalent  completely floored at times by its scope, ambition, and amazing atmosphere, while at other times insanely bored at the mundane side quests or frustrated by its linear objectives and poorly scripted sequences.Assassins Creed III gets so much stuff wrong, so I need to start with what it gets right, partly to remind myself why I enjoyed it overall.The storyline and characters, while not for everyone, really satisfied me. A fatherson relationship blooming on opposite sides of a conflict, a central character who is so standoffish and serious that he becomes endearing, and the whole Desmond metastory are all strong positives. There are Desmond haters out there, I know, but while the typical endoftheworld scenario is ho hum, the fact that you get to explore really interesting presenttime locations to break up the action in the past is icing on an already very, very large cake.The slow development of the main plot is also a good thing. I dont like when game designers, for fear of players being so easy to bore these days, jump right into the action and dont let off the throttle til the credits roll. This reminds me a bit of Red Dead Redemption  deliberately paced to ease you into the world and properly introduce the characters to create scope, grandeur, and meaning in the games much more dramatic final confrontations.The Homestead, your place of residence, is a colonial utopia. While the missions you run for your friends and residents reek of that typical openworld desperation wherein developers feel the need to cram some nonsensical drama into every corner of your map, the actual place once the missions are complete feels alive and warm in a way most video game environments fail to achieve. As you walk down the main road, which is cut through the forest and gradually develops as you progress in the story, you will see the doctor aiding a resident with breathing problems, or one of your buddies fishing on the bridge, a barmaid squishing berries with her feet for wine, or a woodworker putting the finishing touches on his freshlymade chair. It all seems trivial and scripted, and it is, but the residents all casually flow from one activity to the next on a randomized schedule, and adhere to the daynight cycle as well. They will talk to you as you pass and make you feel like a part of their world. There is an achievement tied to observing them, and I found myself really enjoying my time there, relaxing as a part of the community, if you will. And even having done that for probably longer than most people will bother, I still didnt observe a good chunk of the activities the residents partake in. Its a really nice step forward for the openworld genre, wherein most other games NPCs are either doing one specific activity forever and ever or just walking around randomly.So it follows to say that Creed IIIs atmosphere is topnotch, especially in the frontier, which is a giant map of hills, forest, rivers, and settlements where you can run around the treetops and hunt animals and so forth. It will rain, it will snow, and it will offer jawdropping vistas on a very regular basis. Its a superb location and was very lovingly crafted by the map designers. The city sections in the game are more typical for the AC series and arent as vibrant, full, or interesting as previous entries. But the frontier, along with the open waters and side maps from the Caribbean to the Great North, keep the whole very interesting.Missions are hitandmiss, with some just a matter of literally getting to the icon on the map and pressing a single button. There are a lot of annoying filler quests, and the fact that so many of these seem rushed, buggy, and incomplete make me wonder if the game would have been better off reducing the quantity and focusing on the quality. My guess is yes, because some of the sequences are superb and very worthy of its bazillion dollar budget.Also, the sailing is awesome.One of my biggest complaints with the AC series up to this point, and Ive played them all, was a lack of stuff to do, a problem particularly flagrant in the first two installments. Its hard to complain about Creed III in this sense since it is packed to the brim with systems and icons and checklists. Unfortunately, its overwhelming and poorly explained throughout, which made my first 20 hours with the game sort of resentful at all the things I didnt want to do while the game seemed to nudge me to do them anyway. I also had this strange feeling of being shepherded through the first half of the games story, in which I would be shown each system one at a time and without proper or meaningful context. I didnt get a sense of the open world for a long while, nor did I have any reason to tinker and toy with the new systems.This is one of Assassins Creed IIIs biggest flaws there are too many poorlydesigned andsuperfluous systems that are not properly introduced to the player. The economy system is the worst horrible and confusing menu systems that govern collecting materials, crafting new materials, and sending those materials on convoys for money. It seems like a good idea on paper, but one that was ultimately unfinished and inexplicably uncut from the release. Just the simple idea of including a quantity selector for an item you want to send on a convoy, for example, seems to have been neglected entirely, forcing you through an arduous process for every individual piece of loot you want to sell, rendering the whole activity pointless for the tiny amount of money you will make with most items. The poorly organized menus touch pretty much the entire game in some way, from the confusing objective menus to the general stores and weapons to the hardtointerpret world map to the fast travel system and on and on and on, and these flaws are apparent immediately.Hunting is another poorly implemented system  you get several tools such as bait, snares, and arrows to hunt with, where all you really need is your hidden blade since most animals are too dumb to run away or get stuck in trees as you chase them. Your horse is also an animal, and it also gets stuck on trees. And bushes, and rocks, and also pebbles, and anything that has volume, making traversing the frontier a frustrating chore.Since the frontier itself is so vast compared to your movement speed, you will find a very considerable amount of your play time will be just getting from point A to point B in the fastest way possible, and even the improved climbing mechanics still dont make this process any less annoying than previous games. Its actually quite worse now, since the distances are much longer and theres just more empty space than before. The fast travel points are too few, and having to spend two or three minutes running just to go collect a ing feather drove me bananas.And the game is so, so buggy. Immersionbreaking, headshaking, existentialcrisiswhydoIplayvideogames type bugs. Ive never played Skyrim, I dunno. I got attacked and mauled by a wolf during a cutscene where I was just chatting with a farmer, forcing a restart, which might have been the only time I laughed out loud and enjoyed a glitch, whereas the rest are just embarassing. I get that openworld games are more prone to this type of stuff, but I would love to see Ubisoft exercise more quality control in this regard instead of kicking these games out the door every holiday season.Assassins Creed III is very flawed, very frustrating, and probably still worth playing. I suppose that sums it up correctly. 