First off, I bought this not long after it came out. I started playing but soon my character was stuck in the animus. After talking to tech, I found out it was a common bug in the PC version and the only fix was to uninstall losing all progress and reinstalling. Well I wasnt about to put hours of play time into a game that I could lose at any given moment so I shelved the game till they patched it. Well 2 years and 1 baby later I dug it out and decided to try again. Right away I was annoyed with all the movies between missions. Now Ive played most of the AC games but I dont immerse myself in the storyline. I found with this game a lot of the times I didnt really know what my mission was or what I was suppose to do. My only compass being looking for the ! symbol on my map. I few times I had to look for a walkthrough online.I only made it about 19 through the game before I had enough. Free run is horrible, I cant tell you how many times I got stuck on a fence post. Trying to lose the guards is near impossible due to one being around every corner which forces you to fight big groups at a time. Whoever was in charge of designing the accounting book needs to be fired. I got stuck in it twice before hitting the forums to find out there was a second tutiorial, that is NOT obvious. Even then it was confusing to work through and craft items.One of the things I always liked about AC games is the ability to step out of the storyline and just go around looking for feathers, completing achievements, unlocking weapons, assasinate at random, ect. It has always been obvious, items you need to complete these things and the rewards you get for doing so. I had no idea what was going on with this one. Even the clothing you buy just showed a crate, not what you where buying, so there is no way to preview until you purchase it. The side game play wasnt as intuitive as previous games.Bottom line it just wasnt fun. I was forcing myself to play and just get through it. Im quiting and moving on to Blag Flag which got better reviews. My advice is to skip this one.