Fck this game and Ubisoft!There are so many problems with this game that many people have not pointed out. Hardcore fans have even gone as far to say that this is the best game in the series. NO ITS NOT! This game has way too many flaws and none of the mechanics of the game can keep it afloat.StoryThis is where the game falls flat on its face. It doesnt get deeper than, See this bad guy? Go kill! Of course the beginning of the game shows much promise especially after a huge plot twist however its after you get control of the games main protagonist, Connor, that you get to see how one dimensional this game really is. It adds insult to injury when this extends to the Founders and even to the DLC! Speaking of which, The Tyranny of King Washington sucks just as much as the main campaign which has WAY and I mean WAAAY too many plot holes. For example in the DLC, the premise is that George Washington obtains the Apple of Eden and because of its power, he becomes corrupt. It never ever tells you how he found the Apple NOR how Connor came to find or know about it. And yes just like the main campaign and how one dimesional it is, the main objective is to kill George Washington.GameplayAs much as I would hate to admit it, the game does actually function but not without its faults. For one, your character will still jump to his death. This has happened way more times than Id like to count. Many times Id spend 5 minutes climbing up a tree and for no reason at all, Connor will jump all the way down to the haystack. This caused a brutal reaction that made me throw my controller at my PC. Secondly, the combat is much more simplified than in other AC games. This in turn makes combat faster and easier to pull off kill combos. Enemies have also been tweaked in which some you cant instakill them but rather must disarm them first to hurt them. There is a bug I ecnountered where EVEN if youre incongnito, the enemies will still chase after you for no reason at all. The combat is nice and fluid but it becomes extremely repetitive and boring after just a few hours. There is no depth in the combat. There are a ton of side missions and collectibles which I literally skipped. There is no way in hell am I subjecting myself to that torture.GraphicsAbsolutely beautiful! I cannot believe that came out of me.... The main character models are nice detailed but I cant say the same for the NPCs. Theyre......more or less garbage. On a lighter note, old world America is gorgeous and the natural forest made my eyes jzz. Thats all I can say about the graphics, though.MultiplayerNot much to say here, since I only played an hour or so of this mode. It seems they made a much bigger emphasis on this than on the story since multiplayer seems to have its own story. Again I cant say much since I didnt much with it. Its basically the same as in Revelations.Overall  5/10 This game sucks compared to the other iterations....No matter how I look at it, this game still psses me off. I have wasted way too much time on the story only for the game to give me the middle finger at the end. The ending......That ending literally almost made me give up on the series entirely. I had hoped that the DLC would save it from the black hole but it didnt. It had thrust me deeper and deeper into frustration. I cannot recommend this to any casual fan of the series. For you diehard fans, go ape sht. 