Largely, this game features an interesting setting, but is largely flawed. I cannot for certain state that this game is terrible, because it isnt, but it has so many flaws, it makes the game hard to like, even for someone who has played and enjoyed nearly every other Assassins Creed game.To start with, Connor is largely uninteresting, which is shocking, because he had the potential to be the coolest assassin ever. I mean, a Mohawk native turned assassin, how could that possibly be boring. Well, when the character is introduced to us by playing hide and seek with his friends, thats a pretty good way to make them boring. It takes seemingly forever to get to a point where you ever start to do assassin like things, and even then, the game still feels largely boring.The bugs, oh my, the bugs. Assassins Creed games are largely plagued by bugs, but this takes it to a new level. From the horses getting stuck on things causing you to eventually abandon them and continue on foot, to things not appearing on the map, including entire city locations, to game breaking bugs that delete your save game, this game suffers from bugs. In my most recent playthrough, I experienced this bug, causing my save game to be deleted. Considering I was nearly finished with trying to complete the game with almost 100 sync, I was upset.The lack of explanation of in game missions and collectables is mind numbingly annoying. The first time I played through the game, I never unlocked the best weapons and equipment, simply because I had no idea what I needed to do to get it. Eventually, I figured it out, but it certainly was annoying. Same with the assassin recruits. Although the most egregious example of lack of explanation is the Pivot Points. I still do not understand what to do with these. They arent even available until after you complete the game, and honestly once I get to that point, I am done playing, and really have little interest to try to figure it out.The modern day stuff, as usual, is boring. This one may be the worst examples of the modern day content in the Assassins Creed series, since it really pulls me out of the game the most, and features long, unskippable content that tries to explain the bizarre connection to these ancient people that is talked about in nearly every game, but is largely unsatisfying. The ending itself is definitely unsatisfying, but I will not elaborate to avoid spoilers.All in all, I really can only recommend this game to people who are hardcore fans of the Assassins Creed series, or really want a game set during the American Revolution, but for most, I would encourage you to stay away. If you want that feeling of early colonial America in your game, check out Assassins Creed Rogue. Otherwise, if you just want a fun Assassins Creed game and dont really care about colonial America, play Assassins Creed Black Flag. Both of these are far more enjoyable experiences.