Im going to make this review short, because theres so much content in the game that I made the experience so long. I mean, theres a lot of stuff to do. A LOT.Okay, so the story wasnt the high point Connor is an angsty teenager whos one a revenge quest for the death of his mother and the burning of his village. While his goals are similar to that of the Sons of Liberty, that is, when he meets them, hes careless and anxious. I praise Ubisoft for getting the character of an overly anxious youth correct, but his weakness is where his mind is fogged and forgets about what he should be concentrating on, being an Assassin.AC III is short on espionage and heavy on combat. oh wow, an AC game short on espionage and heavy on combat, go figure But the combat is amazing and actually improves from the previous installments once you get used to the controls.You get to meet a lot of historical figures, and while I enjoyed their presence, they clutter the game and it seems like the writers tried to juggle around the historical figures without making any of them close acquaintances, aside from the fictional Achilles Davenport. I would have liked to see more of the Culper Spy ring, as they would have been a huge bonuse in terms of espionage, but Ubisoft looked the other way with their revenge mission.The graphics are great. I feel like I shouldnt have to mention that. This is Ubisoft afterall. And they didnt lie when they said the frontier was huge. I mean, its huge, bigger than Rome. And then you also get Boston and New York City. Im glad they added the two cities as runnig around the frontier got old rather quickly. Its just too big with too little content, as in story. There are citizen missions and hunting and frontiersman. Okay, theres actually a lot to do in the frontier, its just a real pain getting around.Did I mention all the content in the game? Building the homestead, recruiting assassins, saving citizens, naval missions, collecting trinkets, collecting feathers, finding treasures, capturing forts held by the templars/British, frontiersman missions, hunting missions, Boston brawlers, getting convoys, getting the almanac pages. Theres a lot of content, including the DLC, which I found fantastic. Mainly The Tyranny of Washington, and the Benedict Arnold DLCWell, while the story wasnt the high point, the setting, the side missions, the naval missions and a bunch of other stuff really made up for it.9.0/10 