Alright my record might say 0.3 hours... but I have played the game for many hours now and I will tell why I do not recommend buying this game.I had to go throuhg extreme methods to make this game work for me. I tried everything, but I some how managed to get this game to download in some file that is not connected to uplay or steam.See.... uplay is again the problem here as it is with many games. It stops you from playing the actual game. When I tried to install it multiple times it never launched and instead sent me a messege telling me I dont know how install a flipping game....Anyway, when I finaly found a solution, I got the play the game.... and my god is this one hell of a glitchy game.Some glitches are funny... and some just ruin the game.Sometimes stuff despawns, sometimes the characters are not even there so you wont be able to continue the missionEverytime you horse glitches out, because its one of the weakest ing thing in this whole game.AI acts strangeThe free running can be annoying and hard to controlNot to be a graphics , but what is with the ing clipping of everything?Combat is easy and a bit boring.I wish there were more varied designs, and not too many of the same player model.I am kinda only mentioning the bad stuff, but that is because the bad stuff is so bad, it makes you overlook the good stuff.... which, I really have trouble mentioning. The nature world looks nice, music is alright.Oh yea, and Connor is not really the type of character I wanna play as... a naive boy who acts spoiled and gets enraged by everything? Why? Goobysoft really knows how to make bad main characters. Ezio was awesome, and then they just flopped...Anyway, dont buy this game. Atleast not on PC, try console. Again this is one of the weaker assassins creed games.Somehow, with new technology and stuff they managed to make this series worse. The first assassins creed is better than this game, and it did not have much to offer to begin with.... this one has, but its all crap. 