Im sure youve heard it all before. Ive played every Assassins Creed game up to 3, and 3, without a doubt, is the worst of the series. It has some fun elements, and I rather enjoyed hopping between the limited amount of climbable trees the game provided within the Frontier. The Frontier was indeed a big, open, spacious area you could explore... That really had nothing in it. All in all, the game just felt... Bad. Not hideously disfigured or anything, but just not good.I liked the story, but at the same time, it felt like it dragged on and on needlessly, and was full of anticlimactic drabble or plot holes. I liked how the team displayed America. Its the America you dont really learn about in middle school/high school, and only get familiarized with in those few American History college courses you probably wont even bother to take. Its real to what actually happened, yet it isnt. Its hard to really explain, aside from Its accurate yet inaccurate at the same time. Its a Lets hate America story with the way that its depicted, in such a regard as to be overzealous about driving that point home, meaning that, while it was historically accurate, they also intentionally made it very clear to depict the US as an evil tyrannical force.The gameplay mechanics were honestly an improvement over previous Assassins Creed titles, but were also difficult to get used to at first. Everything felt a lot fasterpaced. To top it off, the transition from Hatham to Connor did not help matters, since the combat mechanics felt so different. Also, this game has one of the longest introductions to the Assassins ever Which I know, there arent many games to choose from in that regard, but still. Youll be spending the better part of 6 sequences just getting to the point where you finally put on the robes. And the robes themself were fairly poor in quality and design compared to previous games. In fact, all the costume changes were like that.All in all, I wouldnt recommend spending money on this game. Just Youtube the story and save yourself the money. 