If you like FPS stroke RPG action, you will love this .. mostly.My overall rating is 8.5 out of 10. Gameplay and combat get 10. User interface gets 7.Below are the points I think you will want to know about before you decide to buy.I am about to write a guide for this that will add a bit more information sideways  if my wall of text review does not cover all the bases for you.PROsCombat is a dream and movement, like the first AC, is not so dependent on your reflexes that you get frustrated jumping from one place to another. Its not a 3D platform game in any real sense of the word so thats a big plus for me.There is only one place, in a cave in the NY undergound, where the controls are seriously confusing. Its a blatant spoiler, but use Forward  Right  Automove  JUMP to get bpast that stuck point. Thats been the worst part of the game for me so far and I was pretty upset that I had to google the solution. Its actually pretty obvious once you know, but horrenous to work out otherwise.The storyline, if you like getting a decent plot and background, is very well done and, 75 through the game I am still guessing at where its going to end up.The cutscenes are generally pretty atmopspheric and draw you into your character. They are also easily ignored if you prefer to focus on the hack and slash.There are loads of things to do to the side of the main quest line and most of them are probably reasonably important by the time you get to the end of the game. Thankfully they are all mostly good fun.The homestead is fun and promotes cash gain during the game. You dont really need to focus too much on gaining cash though I, personally, do not like having to be forced to go money grinding so I make it a sort of side quest to go stock up on saleables and send out a few convoys every few hours just to make sure I have plenty of cash to spare for those times when I might need it. There have been two times when that definitely has helped me.The game is extremely realistic in many ways and this I love. As a learning process about that period of time and what sort of things happened and how, Id have to say that AC3 is actually an enjoyable educaation, or would be if you choose to approach it that way.In particular, the naval adventures captaining a ship on the sea are really awesome and I think Ubisoft could pretty much make a game out of those on their own. I loved them so much I could feel the spray on my face.The game has loads of weapon choices and a good selection of vanity items to allow you to express your own personality while you play.Weapon choice, for me anyway, is always fairly critical, especially in a game like this where it affects your playstyle quite strongly, So all those different weapons are a great thing.Im not much of a one for vanity stuff but, for once, I did actually spend time checking out each outfit and picking out the one I liked most.Im 75 through the game with a completionist playstyle and 123 hours under my belt. That suggests another 30 hours of gameplay before I complete the questline.Unlike The Witcher 2, this game has extensive gameplay in there timewise and, unlike Skyrim, I wont get bored because of repeating the same basic mechanics over and over again.If you like to think out the occasional puzzle and different ways of doing things, you will get some of that from AC3.CONSThe game starts slow and then sort of restarts when you switch from the original character focus to the main character of the game. I think a few people find that a bit frustrating.At that switch point, hunting can be really frustrating because there is no real tuition on how to deal with an animal that stalks and attacks you.The ingame tips stay onscreeen too short a period of time to let you absorb them properly. They are actually very useful so its really frustrating to find yourself frequently going, Damn! I missed that!I hate the way the game does not let you rerun the last quest you completed. I tried to abandon it and repeat and lost all time on it entirely. IMO that is a very stupid bit of code there.My biggest gripe, and I am really irritated about this, is the way the trading interface works. Setting up your convoys is extremely time consuming compared to how it could be ..There is no way to stock a convoy entirely with all the same item, which is mostly what you will do. There is no way to automatically refersh you stock on all items manufactured on your homestead. For both these things you can spend several minutes, 10 to 15, just button clicking over and over again to do things you almost certainly will want to do en masse. Really, really bad user interface design there and it basically runis what would otherwise be a fun contribution to the game. Bad user interface means that this is a chore.The anima database entries frustrate me. If the game gave me the option to read them as I went along, with an immediate popup choice box, or better a setting to always pop the little bits of history and info, then I would have read all the Anima database stuff. As is, I have read about 10 and have no intention of reading any more than that. As is, its like the trading system, something that could and would have been a positive contibution to the game if better implemented.If you do not like to think out the occasional puzzle and different ways of doing things, you will find some frustrating places in AC3.The game does crash occasionally after several hours of play, though I have yet to lose any progress. I have an AMD/ATI system build and play at Normal settings.SUMMARYMy dislikes on this game are fairly strong. They are not really just irritations. They are genuine annoyances. They are mostly the point and click parts of the user interface.Mostly I think the general inplay interface is fine. Combat is fast, furious and hellishly good fun.But the support interface is one of the most annoying I have ever seen.That said, the game overall is addictive as hell and really engrossing and immersive after you have been playing Connor for a few hours.I really like playing this game in spite of my gripes.