serves as a stealthaction game with ample content that is equitable to its predecessors overall, though it is severely detracted by disappointing developments, a noticeably glitchy interface and failed attempts at innovation in the series.follows Connor, a Native American in the Assassin lineage, as he struggles to repel the Templars while taking part in event that shaped the American Revolution. The freerunning, combat sequences and progress through history are just as satisfying as ever. Loads of costumes, weapons both purchasable and craftable and abilities serve to add depth and customization to the gameplay, making Connor feel like the players own creation. Numerous sidequests lengthen and support the game while allowing the player to explore the games world through different avenues that retain a feeling of freshness by not grinding through them. Historical information to be divulged through seeing people and places incentivizes exploration, though the historical facts are sometimes hard to differentiate from the games fiction, which makes the education value of the game questionable. Additionally, certain postcompletion rewards allow the player to truly take command of the game, serving as satisfying means to engage the game in while the player strives for full completion.This game does, however, faces difficulties. The biggest flaw that this game repeats consistently are its lackluster payoffs.is rife with missed opportunities and dead ends that will leave the player at best confused and at worst outraged. Its main story faces this issue in two major ways. First, Connors saga, though decently paced through most of the game, screeches to a halt by the end of the game. The two top villains, who were built up so thoroughly during the rest of the game, have final encounters with Connor that can best be described as a quicktime event and a cutscene. Such needless handicaps and disconnects from player interaction are massive letdowns that leave the tribulations gone through by playing the rest of the story not feel worthwhile. The second issue comes in Desmonds storyline. Throughout the game, the player will be brought to the real world to engage as Desmond, who plays just like Connor but without all of his weapons and upgrades, thus feeling very weak. Desmonds missions are enjoyable as a view into what modernday Assassining is like, but are ultimately letdowns. They feel wholly outofplace, and the underlying story will be incomprehensible to anyone who hasnt played the prior games, thus leaving new players even more disjoint from the game. These shorts will force the player to call into question the value of completing the games additional content, not knowing whether there will be an eventual payoff there, either.The game also strives to stand out in the series by taking bold steps in key areas, with varying results. In some cases, the game succeeds. The diversity brought about for the protagonist, for instance, adds valuable style and culture to the game. Connors Native American heritage is largely treated with respect, and the game provides players with opportunities to learn more about Native Americans in ways that dont even enter into the gameplay. However, many of the changes this game underwent were for the worse. The change in setting from Italy to colonial America does provide some freshness to the franchise however, it sacrifices playability to achieve this. Freerunning in the city rooftops is largely useless now as guards will immediately investigate you when spotted  which is often. Freerunning in the forests is conceptually interesting but plays poorly, as there are few entry points to climb into the treetops, and even when in the treetops the players are mainly stuck on linear paths to a predetermined end, with few branching paths involved. But perhaps the most significant change is one of the least gameplaychanging the protagonist himself. All the diversity that surrounds his character cannot save Connor from being as bland and dull as he is. His voice only shifts out of a lame monotone to go to grumbly anger. He shows more emotion while pig farming than during a pivotal death sequence. He never seems to grow over his adventures except to become more grumbly, and even the end of what one may call his character arc comes off as forced and clichd. Connors rigidness as a character just serves as one more disappointment to the player. Unfortunately, some seriesstaple bugs, such as dying via fall from the plane of existence, glitchy jump sequences, spawns into impossible locations and even hard crashes were not changed from previous games, and remain consistently present in this title.This game reached far, and consequently fell hard. It did not fail from the fall, though, because it always has its satisfying core mechanics as angame to lie back on. What hurts most about this game, though, is that it clearly had the potential to be what it wanted to be. Should just some more time have gone into developing Connor, the interactions with the new area layouts and the rewards for beating various parts of the game, and this title could have been a masterpiece of not just the series, but the stealthaction genre. Instead, what it serves as now is an aboutaverage game that should please fans of American history, Native Americans or thelore, but most others should look elsewhere for their Assassin simulator.gets a C.