This game is so amazing, and all of the side stories are simply awesome.Where ever I go, there is some sort of side mission, or quest, that grabs my attention and keeps my occupied and entertained for a good 10120 minutes a peice. So, why dont I recommend it? Every bit of gameplay on land is exactly like AC 1. Jerky, abhorent, hard to move about fluidly without a controller. I am a person who plays games on the PC so he doesnt have to use the terribad layout of a controller. Do not map my keys, and the way the game works on a PC as if everyone wants to play it with a controller. We dont, and we wont.Reason 2 The ending is worse than Mass effect 3. How is that even possible?! Oh, well, you know...That chase scene where charles lee must die. And were also placed far enough away that we have to chase him, and he runs faster than Connor, and he must be followed to the green dragon, a cutscene will happen, blah blah blah storyline. Its a bad ending because youre offered no help, nothing, in moving thorugh the  of the maze of the burning ship. You WILL die in fire a few hundred times until you figure it out.Ultimatly, forget actually playing the final mission. Just go watch the ending on youtube and call it a day, becasue you WILL NOT be able to do it yourself, unless you could somehow always catch all the chase mission targets down in 2 seconds. THEN you MIGHT be able to keep up with Lee.That ending mission feels like what most of AC 1 did horribly untested, poorly coded, and a simply bad port to the PC. Can we get some quality checks back on games? I mean, come on people. That ending squence made Dark SoulsPrepare to die edition look better, more fluid, and easier to play than this. No actually, Ive played Dark Souls before. It IS easier. Holy , talk about 3 steps forward with the ship stuff and 40 back with the lack of work placed in the majority of the gameplay. I mean, seriosuly? I get stuck on invisible walls...running...trying to catchplace...forever failing.........So, questions from this reviewer Was any thought placed on the general onland gameplay of the game, or was it expected that no one would notice that nothing has changed at all?Has anyone even bothered to point out that the end of this game alone knocks it down 23 points on a 110 IGN type rating system?Did anyone look at playtesting the obvious port to the PC?Was it a port, or was it really THAT bad?So, if I was an IGN reviewer, Id have to say 4/10.The storylines are nice, but most of the gameplay is horrible. I can already tell that almost nothing in AC4 has changed for the landbased movement system, but I can see that they focused on their strong point....ShipsWhile the music is immersive, it is often looked over by the loud cracks of cannon fire or gunshots, the clang of steel on steel or the really noisy for some reason footsteps.The quests are new, and the combat system has been overhauled, but the controlls and feel of the movement remind me that AC 2 apexed the series and it has yet to get better.From what Ive seen in the more recent AC Unity, its no better. Im not going to buy it until I see damn well what its like. That mean something to anyone?Let me spell it out. Before buying any of these games, PIRATE THEM. I garentee you will thank yourself if you find that you absolutly hate it, you wont have buyers remorse over it.All I remeber was buying AC 1, 2, and all the DLC at the time of the release of 3 for some insanely low price, and buying 3 for about 10. But Im not spending a single penny until I know what 4 will be like.So yea, sorry if I hurt some feelings, sorry if I made people disagree with me, but this game does not deserve half the praise it got, and certainly not half the score. 