An enjoyable and satisfying end to a trilogy I have followed since the very beginning. Exceptional story telling, gameplay and combat, but was it memorable for all the right reasons? I give it 3 out of 5. Here is whyPROs Updated combat, streamlined, epic and fast. Brand new weapons and takedowns, a whole different style of fighting. Ships! Sea battles are brilliant and a lot of fun. The bases for BlackFlag and a clear indication as to why that game was made. Story conclusion and Desmond storyline. Excellent and very thought provoking. Not to mention, extremely moving and emotional. Graphical fidelity, AI and general NPC activity being the best it could be, really immersive and well mapped. PC porting. The game has been really well ported to PC. The controls are intuitive and well mapped, any needed changes are easy to do.CONs Conner, main protagonist, doesnt feel suited to be an assassin, more to the point doesnt make the player feel cool or outright a badas. Regardless of pangs and pains that we miss Ezio, giving this new kid half a chance and I just cant warm to him. He feels like a kid. Things pick up near the end and where he does feel more like a leader, but this is within 30 minutes of his story ending  Bugs! Its sad and alot of people have said it, but AC3 was the dawn of the downhill for Ubisoft. This game represents a bridge from their legendary game production into a EAwannabe, mass producing, low content single button mashers. Falling through floors, walls. glitching into trees and cutscene cameras getting caught on objects. Tsk tsk, not good. Lack of sideobjective drive. In the previous games my mustcomplete side was ferocious and I turned into a perfectionist. However, without spoiling anything, the need to hire assassins, build up the homestead or complete any of the side missions felt trivial and proved little profit. In the end, it was much easier to hunt bear and wolf pelt, selling it yourself for coin. Little Progression. Nicely leading on to the fact that, really, you didnt need to buy anything at all. I completed the game with nothing but the tools and weapons on my back. There felt like little need to buy upgrades or even use bombs, darts and ropes, again, all so trivial. Hidden blade and arrows, that is all you needed. Poorly timed cutscenes Whether in a sea mission or coming out of a cutscene on land, too many times have I outright failed the mission because an AI dynamically appeared or moved into my cutscene as it was finishing or the cutscene steered my ship straight into rocks. Lastly, stealth missions and optional objectives, the only bane of the game and the reason its not 5 full stars. You see, 99 of all missions have some mindblowingly foolish side objective. For example  Optional Whilst killing this enemy do not be seen, use no weapons, never set foot on the ground and do it all in 25 seconds. Its absolutely pointless and only helps to drive you far away from wanting to see a nice shiny 100 completetion at the end of the game. If that doesnt ruin it for you, the amount of detection fails the mission stealth quests is more than I like. AC1 and AC2 allowed you, the player, to decide how you did things. In AC3 you may find yourself at the whim of rage as you repeat the same scenes over and over because of a simple mistake or missed step and game over.These points aside, if youre like me and want to see a satisfying end to the trilogy, get it! The game is very good, just make sure to take a few breaks to not let the downsides get to you.