Assassins Creed 3 is the biggest possible example of Two steps forward, Twelve steps back.I wanted so badly to love this game. I hate to hate it. The American Revolution is one of my favorite subjects of history, but AC3 is just a big mess of missed oppurtunities.Unlike Assassins Creed 2 and its stellar sequels Brotherhood and Revelations, 3 almost penalizes you for trying to have fun. It just feels like a big jumbled rushed mess.Now, Connor is no Ezio, but hes still a pretty cool character. The story starts off pretty interesting, one problem though the story in the present day is just not good. Desmond and friends just feel like different characters, characters I actually liked in the last three games. In fact, most of the problems I have with the story is that its so poorly written. Its a good story thats just not executed well with bad writing. The ending is pretty cool, though.Oh, the controls, my GOD the controls. Nothing flows in this game. Want to lock onto an enemy? Just gotta hit the L2 button, move a cursor onto your target, let go of the right stick, and then hope he doesnt hit you while you were doing that bullcrap! WHAT FUN!The glitches, I dont know weather to laugh or groan at how many I encountered during this game. stretching models, falling through the ground, walking through walls, being locked out of the missions until refreshing the game, sound just not playing, people TPosing, you name it.None of the missions are fun until the last 3 sequences, but up until then theres just nothing but Follow this guy missions. The worst part is that the distance you have to be on the tailgating missions is just horrible. The stealth is also laughably bad.I guess the engine is pretty cool though, the textures arent as detailed as revelations, tbh. Animals, denser foliage and snow that actually packs down when you walk on it is super cool, though. The facial animations are terrible, though. The game runs pretty well on my system as well, theres a real bad lack of graphical options though.One final thing, oh god, I have no idea how they screwed up so bad on this, but they thought it was a good idea to add regenerating health and removing armor. Its such a pain in the kneck, your health never regenerates right either. It refills so slow. Speaking of slow, your gun takes forever to reload, just breaking the flow of the game.Assassins Creed 3 We dont want you to have fun. 6.5/10.