So I played the entire game start to finish PLUS the DLC. In short, I dont recommend it. Why? I 100 complete the game and it is so repetitive that, youre already tired of the franchise recyling stuff then you see this game take it to the next level.The Pros Game runs perfectly fine. The stealth mechanic was vastly improved from the absolute crap that was in Unity where ever enemy had SOP from MGS4 where they could react based on another teammates response just like 5 paths of pain. Everyone in Unity was high on 500mg of Caffiene. The moment you threw something or ran from side to side theyd instantly be alerted and the SOP system would kick in and EVREYONE in the entire area would know exactly where you were, no questions asked. Thankfully thats been fixed and made the stealth in this game less annoying.The Cons Man... seroiusly... When they were making and play testing this game.. Didnt they ever say, Hmm... this is so boring and complete trash!???? The story here is explained in the first 30 mins of the game. London is heavily occupied by Templar control, Jacob and Evie want to fix it. Jacob focuses on killing targets  just like any AC game. While Evie focuses on ONE piece of eden and fixes Jacobs mistakes. Thats it. The villian was by far the weakest in any AC game. He was so tired of this franchise and the game itself that he didnt do anything throughout the ENTIRE GAME. So the story, and main villian were absolute garbage but what about the rest? Well... Reduce, Reuse, Recycle, right? Thats all it is. Youll be going around London doing the same crap for the entirety of the game. In the main game youre either doing fight clubs which consists of the same thing multiple times to gain someones loyalty to maximum, or youre kidnapping gang members and handing them over to the cops, or youre stealing carriages carrying supplies, or youre stealingoff boats, or youre freeing children from cleaning the floors, or youre going into gang strongholds and just killing the leader/enemies. Thats it. Youll be doing this MULTIPLE times. I dont know why they dont get a small like maybe 10 man team and have them develop different, distinct side missions. It cant be that hard. To make matters worse the combat is by far the worst and least enjoyable in any AC game. Sure, some of the kill animations can look cool but other than that its just button mashing. I used the mouseKeybaord for this entire game and it was all about clicking away. Heres how you become a pro at the combat in this game. JUST STARE AT THE ENEMIES HEALTH BAR. When its red, keep clicking, when its yellow, quickly press E, when its grey, hit space bar. thats it. youve mastered it if you can respond to different colors. The DLC does add new combat mechanic called Fear. Which is cool cuz it was in the main game but to a lesser degree if you killed someone via execution, sometimes enemies would run away in fear. The DLC was heavily based on fear and added 2 new weapons which make no real sense but whatever. As for the side missions in the DLC Jack the Ripper, they were also repetitive. Youre either saving a  from a carraige, or youre stopping a guy hurting a woman then shaming him through the alley without being detected very annoying btw, or your escorting a carriage WHILE DRIVING IT REALLY SLOW  no crashing to a destination point, or youre tailing someone then scaring them, or youre going into a fight club and just beating everyone up like before or you can scare them all away. Yes there are new thigns added but they are new things that must be done multiple times which makes it become really old and stupid so fast. You literally dont have to think much in this game. Just follow the map. Thats all it is. Also there are side objectives during missions like dont get detected which is good and can add challenege however i found myself constantly having to replay some missions because I didnt realize that I wasnt supposed to kill anyone or not go below 30m. The game doesnt warn you about a new side objective coming up within a mission until youre already into it. Which can be irrititating since the game is already really annoying to play.Lets talk about the Presentation of the game. There is some serious issues here. Firstly i must recommend you play with SweetFX profile. Why? because the game is a soft mess even without any AA. I downloaded some SweetFX profile and changed the vignette to as low as possible and upped the sharpness to 2.00 because the games overall presentation is really soft. If you enable any kind of AA in the game, the image only gets softer. Why? because Ubisoft for some reason thought it would be a good idea to have FXAA or FXAA  MSAA/TXAA which makes the screen look like you put vaseline all over it. Secondly, I was recently playing witcher 3 1080p with no AA and the game looked absolutely fine. However the amount of shimmering and jaggies in this game are RIDICULOUS. Theres so much of it that i just dont understand how this can be.... Next, the enemies. Seriously... They ALL LOOK THE SAME. weather they are your allies, your targets, or just random people. THEY ARE ALL THE SAME. Youll have a Rook on your team thatll look exactly the same as the Blighter youre supposed to kidnap. Extreme laziness at its best. Sure, other games have had this same issue. But in AC Syndicate, when your main target looks exactly like the last one, it shows. IT REALLY SHOWS. If this was a 3DS game I wouldnt care as much. In AC1 every target had a different face. In this game only select targets have different faces. I dont know man this game could have been really good but if I have to point my finger at ONE thing that could have caused this game to be so crap, it would be that its annualized. A game like this should come out once ever 23 years so ideas are refreshed and not recycled. And thats a fact. This game shows that. AC4 was amazing. Completely different and fun. Sure not everyone liked sailing, but you have to give credit where credit is due and that game brought new ideas changing things up a bit. This game however just tries to recycle some of the good from the past games just to make a game. Thats it. There is a new thing added to this game and thats the Rope Launcher. At first I thought it was pretty cool but then some great immersion breaking things pop up. I wouldnt have minded if the Rope Launcher was used to scale up and down buildings quickly, however you can clearly see that youre firing an infinite number of ropes, sliding across them, then leaving them. and doing the same thing over and over. That to me is very immersion breaking. and I know why the rope launcher is in the game. Because of the way London is. To get from rooftop on one side of the street to the other is nearly impossible because of the gaps. I wish this game wasnt made in London because of that. It is so annoying chasing targets on the street or on the rooftops. Extremely annoying era. I think it could have been much better in China, or India where homes are compact and close together. Aside from that the last thing that I didnt like was the way the Jack the Ripper DLC was presented. Its shown through the Animus..... You play as 3 different characters... How? Once you play it youll understand what I mean. But immersion breaking things are present there too.Overall game ran fine but is extremely repetitive. Story is nearly absent in the main campaign and the Jack the Ripper DLC has slightly better story but thats about it. Side objectives lacked any kind of creativity. London could have been better explored and utilized but I feel like they missed a good opportunity. I bought this on sale and if youre a fan of Assassins Creed, I suggest you buy it on sale too if you have to play it. Its probably my least liked Assassins Creed game. Please play this game with a SweetFX profile to make the game look better.