As an avid Assassins Creed fan, AC Syndicate is a major disappointment. I had expected that the folks at Ubisoft to actually learn from their mistakes Unity and strive to make a better AC experience in through Syndicate. After giving this game so many chances to prove itself, ultimately it is still a major letdown by Ubisoft.1 Controls are still very wonky and stiff Parkour are supersmooth and semirealistic if you would excuse all the extreme parkour of course, but the controls for the game was not improved. It is still wonky and stiff in execution, which leads to frustrating movements and maneuvers.2 Uninspiring main characters Jacob and Evie Frye is still likeable, just not inspiring. Most of the dialogues are dull, with Evie sticks mostly to the plan and Jacob being sarcastic and relaxed in an almost lazy way. Interaction with other characters within the game are similarly dull and not exciting. Truly a missed opportunity especially when you have historical figures like Charles Darwin, Alexander Graham Bell and Karl Marx walking about.3 Story is lackluster. The story lacks any form of inspiration or excitement. The story is too straightforward without any suspense or fear. It goes on sequence by sequence without anything memorable happening.4 Limited Weapons There are only three type of weapons in Syndicate brass knuckles which is awesome! Love fighting with these, cane sword and kukris basically curved daggers. In comparison to Unity which had a lot more variety to offer, the limited structure of weapons in Syndicate is a letdown for sure, especially as a AC game.5 Limited Outfits and Customizations Apart from specialized skill tree for Jacob and Evie, there really is not a lot to offer when it comes to customizations. The outfits are very limited, and the corresponding color customization is quite boring color does not pop. I expected more customizations for Syndicate.6 Jacob and Evie cant walk normally with their hoods up. Jacob will wear a tophat and Evie will just leave her hood down in normal walking mode. As you trigger the stealth mode entering the stealth mode, Jacob and Evie will pull up their hoods to accomodate their stealth movements. Although I love the fact that you can bring the hood up and down, at least give us a option to put the hood up while walking normally. I cant stand following Charles Darwin with my hood up while crouching. It looks off.7 Buggy fighting system The fighting system in Syndicate is actually pretty smooth. Combat flows and executions, while limited, looks realistic and classy. However, some aspect of the fighting system is buggy. Sometimes a prompt does not appear when someone is about to shoot you, and the next thing you know, youre dead from higher level enemies. Sometimes attacking an enemy deals no damage, and would get countered instead almost immediately. Im fine with a challenging fighting system, but when it bugs so much that it ruins the flow of the game, it is definitely frustrating.There might be something that I missed in this. Sorry Ubisoft, but AC Syndicate is a major letdown for me. Come back better with an AC game in Feudal Japan, with samurais and ninjas. That, would be epic.