Review for the casual AC playersThis is a great one. The story is more developed than the last few AC games, and the different parts and actors around the city map are nicely tied together into the 1870s theme. Victorian London fits the AC fmechanics like a glove.The movement/fighting mechanics are the same as what youre used to. Nothing new to learn.New side activities that can be done and repeated over and over at any time which help to earn money and levelup skills quickly. This includes boxing, carriage racing, hijacking supplies, destroying cargo, robbing trains, and a few others.Good character development and voice acting. Its easy to like the characters youll be playing.Familiar historical figures to interact with.Trains and trains stations.A much needed grappling hook gun to make getting around easier and faster.This takes place in Victorian London and it actually looks like Victorian London.A good number of outfits and upgradeable gear to choose fromEven without turning on the game breaking highest of the high super graphics settings, the game still looks pretty good. You play as either the sibling male or female characters Jacob and Evie Frye, mostly choosing which one you want at any given time  though there are a number of missions where you dont have a choice. Jacob is more of a witty brawler and Evie is methodical stealth, though if your a casual gamer it wont make much difference to your play style. Youll end up playing the one you like to look at and listen to the most and still come away satisfied that you havent missed anything.Unlike AC3 which lacked a bit in the city department, London feels fully stocked and without filler buildings that are obviously fillers, and it has plenty of decent options of moving around the map how you choose other than fast travel. The addition of a Spidermanlike grappeling hook gun found in the main story is very easy to use and a welcome time saver to teadiously climbing up tall buildings to try and overcome the distance of running everywhere.Theres plenty of prompts as you move about and fight to indicate whats going on, what you can do, and where to go. You wont waste those few precious hours of free time after work each night just trying to figure out what the game wants from you.Some historical figures are thrown in and offer some side missions. They feel more like extended cameos than necessary content, but its a nice diversion if you need one. Ubisofts political and ideological slants are there as always, but it could have been much worse. The little jabs they take are mostly in the written text content of the collectables menus and not in the spoken character dialouge.You main base is on wheels  a train  and its constantly moving aorund the city. You can fast travel to it whenever you want.  The trains and carriages around town are a really nice change to the series. If youre feeling adventurous you can easily hijack a carriage, pull up next to an enemy carriage, shift to the roof of it, and jump around between the two vehicles as you duke it out with the bad guy. Theres a number of little fast paced Hollywood bits like this to keep it interesting, but you can take it or leave depending on how you feel.The map is divided into boroughs which you conquer like previous AC games. Do all the side pieces takeover a stronghold, rescue people, etc and youll finish up with a gang war to take to borough. Youll fight the goons in the boss fight and then take on the boss, but you have the choice of taking the boss out before the final gang war which makes it easier on you.They progress in difficulty, and if you do even just a few or the varied side missions and activites a number of times particularly the boxing ring youll earn decent money and level up at a rate that fits the story as you play it, allowing you to stay just a little bit stronger than your next objective.I was worried about stability, but I didnt find any major bugs or game breaking problems. I know this has been a problem for some people.People have rightly pointed out that Ubisoft seems to have dumbed the difficulty down, but for the casual gamer who enjoys the AC franchise, theres a lot here to keep you happy.