Brief review after 6 hours Its great. The Victorian era is one of my favorite historical settings and ACs London does it justice. Even if the story ends up being terrible its fine so far, and has a decent amount of humor to boot, the city is magnificent and Im really impressed with the number of moving partsboats, carriages, trains, factory machinery, and so forth.Important note if you have a graphics card with only 2 GB VRAM I have a 2 GB Nvidia 960, it might be worth your while to try going over the memory threshold shown on the graphics options screen. When I tried this with GTA V, the game stuttered, but when I try this with AC Syndicate, the game shrugs and says Eh, why not. Of course there are limits, but with a little experimentation I was able to get the game to run very smoothly and still show textures that arent blurry messes which they are on Low. Maybe Ubisoft sandbagged it a little to avoid a deluge of complaints. Whatever the reason, its worth fiddling with the settings.Edit Additional technical info playing at 1920x1080, Intel i74790K  4 GHz.Updated info after 70 hours Well, Im getting close to finishing the story missions and everything I said above still holds. Since Ive already said plenty of nice stuff about the game, here I would like to point out a few nitpicks.Muted outfit colors The ingame outfit artwork shows vivid reds and dark blacks, but the actual colors you can use with your outfit are toned down. This is the Victorian era, friends, let us get fancy.Helix credits I dont mind paying for good DLC, but Helix credits seem like a raw deal, particularly since they only buy things that should be covered by difficulty sliders. Its as though you bought a calculator but had to pay extra to use the trig functions. It wouldnt be so bad if you got a lot of them for a couple bucks, I guess, but these prices are eyepopping and jawdropping. So I havent bought any.Mission glitch I found one mission going slumming, literally, with a wealthy lady would not complete properly for methe game would freeze with a perpetual saving icon when the mission ended. It turns out you need to get her home before she stops talking. Easy enough to get around once you look up a workaround on the Internet, but it really should work properly.Typefaces Overall, the typefaces youll see on ingame signage are what youd want and expect, but there are a couple signs in there that were apparently designed in Microsoft Word using whatever font was handy, and whenever I see one its like finding a 1979 penny in my pocket and being rudely yanked back into modernity.Still, its a great game all in all.Update after 82 hours There is a really annoying bug on replays of kidnapping and Templar hunting missions the game may fail the mission immediately after loading it. Then it will reload, and maybe it will work or maybe it will fail again. It seems to load properly eventually, but Ive seen it reload 4 or 5 times before working. Annoying. Then again this is the first Assassins Creed game where Ive been motivated to go back and replay missions to complete all the side requirements, so I guess Ill just have to hope they patch it.