Assassins Creed  Syndicate has made a glorious return for the AC franchise with beautifully structured tale with heart and soul to spare. London makes for the most exciting and focussed Assassins experience in quite some time, it hasnt been this much fun to wield the hidden blade in years.Its not perfect but its still enjoyable..to its core..PerformanceAfter Unity fiasco i didnt preorder Syndicate even though I am hugh fan of AC Franchise was waiting for some1 to say port is playable on steam later i got d gold edition few minutes after d launch i started with 980ti with maxed out and frames used to dip around 40 in d open world and later i switched off hairworks and game works like a charmSurprise is my older 770 can run dis game with High  Very High settings with Hairworks off with 40 55 fps avg so i ended up playing on 770 were unity runs on 30 fps after a year ..In Short Ubisoft did a great job and made a fanastic PC Port still there is room for improvementA Lesson Well Learnt..Pros  Victorian London is absolutely beautiful and gorgeous .. Carriages adds some welcome chaos to proceedings. The rope launcher is a gamechanger for scaling hugh architecture and stealth approach. AI is better than previous titles detection is gradually improved still they can be made to look, as dumb. Some of the best outfits seen after Revalations. Building up your Gang is rewarding . Soundtracks are awesome especially d one of Precursor Tokens. Wonderful story led by two of the strongest protagonists in the series. No Initiates, No Companion App. Microtransactions are still here, but they are optional and mostly worthless. Used in to buy helix glitches map. A lot of famous historical characters to meet and complete missions for.Like New Leveling System . Crafting is Good but can be improved. Free Running is Mastered smooth animation and cool moves. New combat and Multi Takedown feels enjoying and brutal. Assassination has its own approach allowing users to make ur own approach for d kill. Loots of tools and weapons to choose from. Your Hideout is a moving train. All characters are interesting making d story enjoyable to its core..Cons Repetitive small activitves Crafting is not visualy rewarding like witcher 3 just stats are upgraded. Vey Few Finishers, may become repetitive after sometime. Final boss battle is frustrating . Totally LAME.. kills the mooD. No nonletal weapons not even bare fists . Voltaic bomb kills Civilians and Carriage Grinding doesnt ?Lame achievement  Without a Grude After playing for 60 Hrs i have achieved 100  in game every achivement every perk is unlocked thus i can say datSyndicate  Overall is a Great Sandbox its my second best Assassins Title  after Assasins Creed 2 and is totally recommend..8.5/10 