Everyone has his own taste when it comes to environment, maps, historical or mythical references . This vintage London picture is just gorgeous, climbing on top of Big Ben or any boat on the Thames offers a unique view of London and honestly its just close to perfection.The gameplay is hugely addictive, especially for the collectors out there like me, willing to find every little secret and they are plenty. Its easy to play on keyboard actually im now shifting to my Steam controller and im struggling, i do prefer the keyboard . The mix between stealth and pure action, the strategy you will have to use to build your own scenario is really fun and makes the game last long. Yes you can rush if you want but you will miss a lot of of the fun and discovery in this game.THe Jack the Ripper DLC is a complete new story, the settings is just perfect, cold dark and scary, really immersive, the lelvel of the game is a step ahead than  the main, the NPC now walk on roofs, detect you faster, kill you more and generally offer more challenge. The storyline is absolutely sick and again very addictive.The other 2 are ok, the WW1 is a lot of fun to play, the MArajah story is rather boring and makes no sense really.Whats missing / what could be improved   I think Assassins where also using disguise, i would have really loved to see a mix of Hitman subdue and disguise to go stealth in some missions. AI around some NPC should really be improved  if you actually just walk in front of someone, he sees you, simple. Weapon and gear customizattion okay i guess but really could be better, basicaly a few items are just overpowered  for Evie or Jacob and making all the other uninteresting / needless to hunt. Driving the carriage around is fun at first but slowly becomes a pain, there is lot of glitches around the driving etc Difference between Evie and JAcob honsetly is fading level after level as both of them become very strong. Evie still owns the stealth part and JAcob hits harder but the specific skills of each of them dont make a difference in the end game. The gang updates. In my opinion, this could be almost classified as a game hack designed by Ubisoft... BAsically if you upgrade your gang and money allows you to do it mostly you are now able to storm through some mission in no time, too easy, you call them, they are level 9/10 and they just kill any gang in less than you need to open the one or 2 boxes around the place. The Gang bosses are way too weak, again, you or your gang can take them down even if you play really badly, without any kind of skills, they basically die in second which is a shame and takes a lot of the challenge away.Overall, excellent game, i do prefer it by far to any other Assassins game, including the Origins one, boring setup in the desert, killing animals not my thing