Look, Im gonna be honest here this game isnt that great.Its good. Hell yeah, its good. But I mean, its like a solid 75/100.Whats good? Well, the setting is done pretty well. The main villain is interesting, and theres no more of that annoying modern day gameplay at least so far in my playthrough. Im enjoying the story, such as it is.Now for the bad the freerunning is messy as hell. I was trying to climb down from a crate, using only the button that is expressly for descending , and I just kind of kept hopping off and then on to one ledge. I mean, its pretty bad. Your stronghold since every AC game needs one of those, evidently is a train this time around, which is a cool idea in theory, but in practice it just means that you have to figure out where on the map your stronghold is at any given time did I mention it moves?, and figure out how to intercept it. The train is probably the absolute worst thing about this game, and it was intentional. I mean, not intentionally bad, but you know...its working as designed, its just that the design is awful. A bunch of missions can only be done from the train, too, which makes that especially annoying. NPCs glitch out all the time. I had one glitch where I just had an enemy that kept respawning around this one corner. I farmed about 70 of them before I got bored and found something else to do. I also regularly see children diving off of ledges, sometimes several stories up. While I mentioned that the bad guy is pretty cool and interesting, hes also not nearly utilized enough. Id have preferred something like the amount of characterization we got with Haytham back in AC3, which was one of the few storyrelated things that game got right.The combat is....Assassins creed. You dont play this series for the combat. If a good combat system is what you want, then I have no idea why you would even play this.I mean, I know it sounds like a lot more bad than good, but Im enjoying it. Id recommend it. I just would recommend it with a bigass asterisk next to that recommendation, because its good but nothing amazing. 