Alrighty then, another year, another November, another Assassins Creed. Last year I gave a very heated and long review to the terrible game Assassins Creed Unity, and this year I will be giving a review of Syndicate. I had so much hype for Unity and almost none for Syndicate, I almost didnt buy it. So you can imagine my astonishment when I found out it was an extrodinary game. It gave me everything I wanted from an Assassins Creed game and more. Its so insanely fun, with a suprisingly long story and a giagantic map that I promise youll get lost in. I just completed the campaign no spoilers and it was awesome. It wasnt anything extrodinary but the plot was, I would put it very good not amazing. You get so used to the rope launchers and the horse drawn carriages that you forget what the other ACs were like with out them. In fact, I just closed out of Black Flag and Unity to see how it felt in comparison. Terrible. The answer is terrible, it feels terrible to not have the equipment that you do in Syndicate. The combat was awesome, it was fluid, hard but not ridiculously hard, this time you can actually dodge bullets instead of just  being a meat sheild looking at you Unity and the weapons are so creative. Your fists, which are actually really fun to play with and they have awesome new takedown animations for, the cane sword which is pretty badass just from the name alone, and then, my personal favorite was the Kukri knife, which ended up being something I played with almost the entire game. Even after finishing this game, I feel like Ive  barely scratched the surface, you can conquor burrows of London, which is something I did within the first 3 hours, but trust me, it doesnt feel rushed or short or anything. Even when there arent any missions you can go to my personally favorite burrow, the Thames and run from ship to ship blowing them up! Get this game, you really should. It gave me everything I wanted from ACU. Think of it as Assassins Creed Unity 2.0, if this game had been released a year ago then their would be a hell of a lot more people playing it.