ACSyn is an excellent addition to the AC family. Having just wrapped things up with IMO the blandest and least polished ACUnity, ACSyn was a huge about face.Combat5/5 A healty balance of difficult and funtougher than AC1,2 and BF and more polished that ACU You can tell that the issues from ACU were fleshed out and polished. Less annoying offscreen attacks ranged shot indicators were much better and combat felt....FUN, something I felt ACU was very lacking.  Different weapons allowed freedom of combat style and the boxing ring was quite fun.Parkuor4/5 Moving around the city was a healthy balance of quick travel, carriages, ziplining and freerunning.  All of thesebased on how you played felt they had their advantages and disadvanges and allowed you to change up your playstyle as you saw fit. Free running is still not perfected, but for a game that allowed you to basically grapple on almost any surface, some hangups were expected. Overall very good and only had a few times that were frustrating with magnetic hands.Story5/5 Prob one of the best stories I have played for an AC game. The mixing of twins was neat to play to stories, but felt niche rather than needed. It did help to show a bit of character development but wasnt earth shattering or show the same story from different perspectives, just like two seperate stories running parallel.  However interacting with historical figures, unlocking the city and the sheer civilain commentary was spot on and added extensively to the immersive gameplay.Real world arcmeh At this point I do prefer the almost cutscene version of the flash forwards as it was always a bit odd with AC2 how they tried to shoe horn it in.  It did finally have some interconnectivity and some clarity to the future story path, esp if you played the WW1 bitand got to roll around with Churchy!.Overall an excellent addition to the AC series that could sit equally with ACBF and our love for Ezio aside, AC2.Get it and play it, if ACU turned you sour, try this one on, doubt youll regret it.