This review is coming from a dedicated fan of the series who was somewhat disappointed with Unity but loved this game through and through.Im still 4 hours in but loving the game. Very enjoyable if you ask me.Edit Ive finished the main story and added more info in story and characters, gameplay and present day  section.ReviewAh, everyones interested in this after Unity fiasco. I can assure you while this is not a super glorious port like Gta V, Mad max or MgsV, this game runs much better and smoother than Unity. My current setup i5 3450, Gtx 660 and 8gb ram. Im getting 3545fps in open world with textures set to high, all settings to low, fxaa and vsync is off at 1080p. At same settings I got 2030fps in Unity and also lots of stuttering, freezes and framedrops which is not very common in Syndicate. turn down gameworks. Pcss ultra is a performance killer which takes like 2025fps alone compared to high/medium shadows. Hbao is kinda ok, but txaa tanks performance as well. Do this and you wont have any problems of having 40fps etc. on 980ti or similar killer rigs.My favorite aspect in games in general and my most likable part in this game. The story is quite good but the thing that I love most is the light hearted tone. The interaction of Jacob and Evie are enjoyable to watch as they behave like real brothes and sister. There are a lot of jokes in the game, for example when the last assassin of Londonwont spoil his name says about a templer, He is known to vanish before your very eyes,  Jacob says, Shall we make him vanish for real? Im still at sequence 3, so I cant give you impressions about other intricate things but will update the review later. There are lot of interesting historical characters youll meet. I think you know the names of already from the historical characters trailer of this game.Edit The story is much, much better than Unity. Although at times, it might feel like something is left to be desired. The ending was quite nice too. Id love more games on the twins and Henry.This is what people always complain about being the same. I cant deny that it does not change much but if that happened it wont remain assassins creed anymore. In this game the gameplay defining changes include the rope launcher. Its not like just causes grappling hook. It works like batmans grapple in arkham games except that this one can be used as zipline for building to building traversal as well. It does not take away from parkour but it actually complements in nicely. Great addition, if you ask me.Combat system is one of the things that like. Its fast and brutal and feels fun unlike clunky and slow combat of Unity. However to some people, it might feel like button mashing or being too fast. You cant change weapons mid combat. Weapons work like outfits as you have to assign one in inventory. No hidden blade combat is there.Now to stealth. Cover system is better than Unity. Its a soft cover system as opposed to Unitys hard cover. The crouching mode and change to hood is considered annoying by some, but I dont mind it. Hoods made sense in AC1 because it was needed to blend in with scholars who also wore hoods. Since then, for once, we are using proper clothing to blend in which actually makes sense.Crowd events are present just like Unity. Crowds are thinner. Even though it was done to help the performance, it makes sense historically as there was no revolution in London. So there was no need for people to flock the streets.Carriages are a good addition too. Mobile hiding spot, fast way to reach places, a great tool to fight enemies as well. It does not handle perfectly but you will get used to it.Edit Two switchable characters with 3 unique skills for each really freshens up gameplay. Adds some replayability as well.The assassinations are much enjoyable this time. Each one providing stealth opportunity, assistance opportunity to better infiltrate the targets as well as providing an unique kill option, fulfilling all of its conditions will reward you with a cutscene of the assassination.The modern day story, hated by some people but to me,  its one of the most important aspects of the series that differentiates it from other open world games and holds the games together. I have both good and bad news for the present day fans. Bad news is, its still cutscenes only. Good news is, it moves the story foward unlike Unity. There are cutscenes after a number of sequences and they are all action packed unlike Unity where you just listen to Bishop talking. Overall its enjoyable.Edit The ending was badass. There is a epic fight scene. The ending left me hyped for ac 2016,  almost a cliffhanger, if you ask me.In my 4 hours in the game, I encountered one glitch. In a cutscene, I got the invisible character glitch, I could hear them talking, feel them moving but except Jacob, the character model of other 2 characters wasnt showing up. And in an another cutscene, I got a framedrop to 10 fps. These are the only issues I faced so far.If you are a dedicated fan, definitely buy it. Even with a sub par performance, Im loving this game. If you are not, then buy it if you have a good mid range righ at least, something like 960 or so. 4gb vram is recommended but not mandatory. The game is really good and enjoyable. Its the fresh wind ac needs to bring back its glory after the fiasco of Unity. 