To start off, I didnt find Assassins Creed Unity to be a bad game  not even mediocre! In fact, I actually really liked it, despite the major flaws it had. Assassins Creed Syndicate is, in most ways, a big improvement on Assassins Creed Unity which to me actually says a lot in a way. Story wise, here it is a MUCH lighter tone and it is very welcome  while I love dark, depressing stuff, this game was full of light and hope and ultimately it wasnt as depressing as AC Unity, in which pretty much nothing good happens. Lets see, shall we? I will be comparing AC Unity a lot to this since they both have pretty much the same gameplay.Stealth this time around was made MUCH better since you dont require to press buttons to move between cover, but still stealth isnt particularly good. Unity had terrible stealth and the rather hard combat system made it all the more painful, especially in the blackbox assassinations. Here, its bearable, and there are much less and much lesserscale assassination missions and theyre also weaker and much easier. Combat is MUCH easier this time around, and is INSANELY repetitive. Some people complain that its unnaturally fast, but I found it to look badass. Its just that... its kinda underwhelming. Its easy, never a challenge, but I remember in the beginning it once took me almost 50 HITS to kill someone. Thats insane! Here you can fail stealth all you want, since theres a very small chance you will die. Now, the problem is not that it is EASY, and I dont want Ubisoft to get the wrong message they wont ever even read this so who cares but HARD / GOOD. The Batman Arkham games have amazing combat for a reason  its epic, fast and fluid and it is very fun to beat people up. Meanwhile, AC STILL doesnt have truly good combat. Id say AC 3 and 4 had decent combat, but still was very very easy. AC Unity was not horrible, but sometimes felt very unfair because of the poor stealth. Here, its decent. It would be much better if the enemies took less damage before dying, since the fights do get drawn out and boring. But thats enough on the combat.The blackbox assassinations were a huge part of AC Unity, and one of the biggest selling points. In that game, they were simply stunning, and there were plenty of them. Here, theres either much less, or theyre MUCH more underwhelming to even realise its an assassination mission. Theres really only one truly memorable assassination mission which happens in Sequence 4. Still, theyre here and make the experience more fun.This games open world, while probably the most ALIVE EVER in an AC game, still suffers from repetitive side missions. Well, the liberation missions. Its like, 3 or 4 missions copy and pasted around the whole map and you have to do them 10 times each at LEAST. I strongly recommend not doing them unless the game forces you to at one point, it will.However, as negative as this review might sound, I actually really really really enjoyed this game. It was very fun. The open world was beautiful, it felt alive, the gameplay was solid and really felt like GTA in London. The parkour is fun as always, though London may have been a bit TOO big lol which is why they brought in the zipline from Batman. Driving around London is fun and there are races you can do. There honestly is never a dull moment, unless you force yourself through some of the side missions. The main story missions are well directed, and some missions are very charming. I loved both of the protagonists, and their story was wonderful. Both have great voice acting and Jacob is hot as , no homo. There is some degree of politics definitely and some moments are intriguing, and some are just downright great in every way. You have to experience it to know.Graphics are also really good. There are times where you will be awed  even just looking at the assassin outfits! It runs about the same as Unity I guess but less bugs, even though I only encountered like 2 or 3 in 30 hours of ACU, but doesnt look AS good. I encountered some really weird freezes that lasted around 5 seconds. It happened throughout my whole experience, around every 50 minutes or so  they werent enough to be a HUGE problem, but definitely something I noticed. In one of the last missions, it happened very consistently but still didnt manage to completely ruin the experience.The final boss fight, while I dont want to spoil too much, was in some way better than Unity, but still was very boring and very easy. At least the ending was good not sure what IGN was complaining about.Finally, I would like to talk about the extra missions included which features historical characters like Karl Marx, Charles Dickens, even Winston Churchill in a surprise World War 1 section which is entirely optional and good but its the same mission copy and pasted 5 times, hell even Queen Victoria! All of these are fun and meeting up with these historical figures is quite interesting even if the missions may end up being quite boring or lackluster at SOME points. Still worth playing.What else is there to say? Voice acting is pretty top notch, it is an all around good game, even though it is quite easy and somewhat underwhelming. If you have any questions you probably didnt even get this far in the review, but if you did, hurray! dont hesitate to add me or write in the review comments. Its a great game and I definitely recommend it. 8/10 