Biggest AC fan from the beginning, played the first games like crazy. Quality started to decline dramatically with Revelations and hit a low with Unity. That brings us to Syndicate.I had huge hopes for Syndicate. It seemed like they were trying to improve a lot of things. The gameplay did actually improve quite a bit. Its like the Assassins Creediest Assassins Creed in that matter.However, the story is hard to follow, because you dont get emotionally attached to the main characters a lot. Theyre trying to pull of the same things over and over again, but they just arent pulling through. The problem with the series is that they try to get so much detail by adding open houses, a lot of foliage and decoration and a lot of historical facts. They fail to add detail to the characters and especially the people surrounding you, though.Take Black Flag as an example. The Jackdaws crew was just there. You neither had to find a steerer, a cannoneer, a carpenter nor the bloody Spanish cook, that was mentioned in the book. Image you wouldve had to actually put together a crew and take actual care of your men or women. The same goes for the rooks in Syndicate. You have a couple of important persons on your team, but theyre too distant like the other captains in Black Flag and its not like youd actually care about that fat lady in the chair.Also, you dont get attached to the main characters. In Assassins Creed III you had at least a little attachment to Connor. You saw his parents, you saw him growing up, you experienced his childhood horrors and his relentless way of becoming an Assassin. Sure, you cannot top Ezio in Assassins Creed II. You experienced the whole process of him growing up from a cocky teenager who didnt know anything about the world to a caring and calm adult. Whilst you knew every single one of your allies by doing stuff with or for them. The recent AC titles lack this sort of dedication to the main characters.Then theres just too much content. Ubisoft emphasises the amount of playable content in the latest AC games, starting with Black Flag. According to Ubi, you were able to spent 80 hours in Black Flag until completion. Well, but do you want to? At least 40 of the completion rate is just farming chests and other collectibles. This part became even bigger in Unity, where you could find almost ten different items throughout every single district. In my opinion that is no content at all. It doesnt affect me, my playstyle, the story line or the character development. If youre on the first playthrough and try to get full sync in the missions, you can make it through Black Flag in 16 hours and that is fine. But advertising and fooling players into buying the game through a cheap trick like posing collectibles for content wont make for a great game.And finally the technical part of Syndicate. Making a game thats full of details and that has sophisticated graphics is one thing. Making a game that can be run on a normal PC or console with a smooth experience is another. Not being able to play a game on full settings has been used for ads once, especially with Crysis. But that time is long gone. Ive been trying to run Syndicate on a 4x3,5ghz processor, 16gb HyperX Fury and a GTX980 and Im actually getting bluescreens. Bluescreens? That was the first bluescreen Ive ever seen on the new Windows! Even on medium graphics its just slow, buggy and glitchy. Especially horse carriage missions are horrible. Just like in Watch Dogs, the game cannot load the next parts of the map fast enough.Well, Mr Smartass, can you even make a game that meets your tremendous demands? Yes, you can. Take the Mass Effect series for example. Mass Effect 3 looked pretty good at that time and it ran smoothly even on a ing laptop. Ive played the demo at the CeBit a couple of months before the launch of ME3. All they offered us were ASUS gaming laptops, but you were able to push settings to max and get your full 60fps without the computer even getting loud. And you were attached to all those charakters throughout the entirety of the series. You will remember Admiral Anderson, Liara and Garrus for the rest of your life, wont you? But youll have forgotten about Jacob and Evie long before you play your last games.You dont need the best graphics, the best story or the best gameplay to make a great game. All it takes is a good idea and the best you can do out of it. The latest games of this series however, Assassins Creed Syndicate included, just lack passion and heart. And if you know a little about the development of these games, then you know why. 