All AC predecesors have tried and in quite a few cases FAILED but they at least TRIED to reinvent the wheel. Even oneoff titles like AC Rogue and sidegames at least TRIED to do something different. Even the ABYSMAL wreck of YUCK that was AC Unity  even the enjoyable but ultimately missguided mess that was AC3  hell, even the PSP AC titles have at least TRIED to do something new  granted most of those ultimately failed. But they tried  and I was WILLING to finish AC UNITY to say that I had  to justify the money I spent on it... this game? Not so much... throughout your ENITRE experience you will feel youve either seen this  done that  been here  seen that  and it wears on you. I didnt want to finish this game  not even to say I HAVE finished it. Not because I hate it  but because, quite simply, I dont care.First up, the story... there... really isnt one. Not really. Criminal warlord is holding England in his grip  really? THATS what were doing? Were not trying to save cultures or protect the world... were doing street crime? From the getgo this is a problem who CARES about random punks on the street? I mean, seriously, in ALL the previous AC games  thugs were just ONE part of what youd encounter in the game. In this game? 80 of what youre fighting are THUGS. Best part? Youre not even trying to beat them  you just want to take over. Youre a criminal but a nice criminal  a dashing criminal  the criminal that England deserves... ugh. Even AC4 acknowledged that pirates sucked P this game? You might as well be modern robin hood... with random extras  because, outside of like ONE character, there arent any merry men to cozy up to or admire. Its really just the main characters with the OCCASIONAL appearance by the moderately interesting Henry...Talking of the main characters...With a story like that, youre going to be pretty reliant on the main characters  and, yes, its characters... you play two characters. Now, AC has done female leads  theyve done predominantly male leads  but they HAVE done female leads before. Evies writing is top notch  her character is interesting  her story is good  her interactions with Henry an assassin who cares too much and is afraid to kill  thats actually quite an interesting trait for a topsecret murder cult her love for the people around her  its good... unfortunately, only about 50 percent of the game and, really, 40 percent... and, after spending time with Jacob, itll feel like ing 30 or 20 percent... is spent with Evie. The rest of the time youve got Jacob... do you remember Edward Kenway? Probably the MOST dickish main character in the history of AC? Yeah... Jacob is Edward with all the charm and witty banter thrown out. Hes an idiot. Hes a prick. Hes selfish. The main story starts with him talking his sister into going to London by telling her about some lost artifact  but the minute they get there all he cares about is becoming the next kingpin. People die  a LOT of people die  children get sick  factories burn down  the best part? Most of Evies story  when she isnt focusing on the much more interesting hunt for the artifact  focuses around cleaning up Jacobs messes. Literally. He poisons a bunch of kids  Evie fixes it. He lets a bunch of counterfitters loose on England  Evie fixes it. He teams up with a manipulativewho SCREAMS villain  leading to him almost blowing up several workhouses  Evie fixes THAT too.Hes an idiot  he deserves to die  and youre saddled with him for most of the game. A game with a story that is focused around running around England blowingup, kidnapping people and saving the odd kid. All so you can control the ultimate criminal empire. Weve been here  weve done this  and weve done it with characters weve actually cared about. With much higher stakes. Even characters you COULD care about  Evie  Henry  are sidelined for Jacob and his selfish stupidity. Eventually, it gets to the point, where you dont even care about the bonus content anymore  you dont even care about the side missions  you just want this done so you NEVER have to see Jacobs stupid face again...Which wouldnt be so bad  if there was actual new content here worth playing.Weve ridden things in AC before  boats  chariots  horses  weve done this. Trains wait? We get a train? Hell YEAH! Okay. Imma name my train Thomas and... oh, whats this? This engineer girl person gets to take care of the train for me? Thats nice. I wouldnt want Thomas to go uncared for  so Ill just climb into the front and... ... ... wait... let me... if youll just...Okay, back up a minute, Ive driven boats, chariots and horses  the one new idea  the ONE new piece of content  a MOBILE railbound base  and I DONT ING GET TO DRIVE IT?!?!?!? Thats right folks  you dont have a hub in this game. You have a train. But you dont drive it. No joke  Im not  you. You cant decorate it. You cant color it. You cant have epic train battles. Half the time you cant even FIND the bloody thing because its chugging off GOD NOWS WHERE. They had to put in a ing fast travel feature just so you could GO to the damn thing because the engineer girl is off godknowswhere doing godknowswhat with my beloved Thomas!! !ahem  I think Im okay now...So what other content is there in this game? Remarkably little... theres no hunting or gathering  all crafting material is found from boxes. Which are EVERYWHERE now. You cant go a step without tripping over a ing box. There are costumes and outfits based on previous characters and recolors of the games main characters base outfits but most of them are bound to the story, the boring as  sidemissions or the ing Uplay interface. There ARE historical encounters  but unlike previous installments they play very little to no part in the main story... mostly because, again, there isnt one. Charles Dickens, Darwin, Karl Marx... yeah, see, heres the thing  these appearances should have impacted the main characters. The only one who comes even CLOSE is Alexander Bell who invents early EMPs and the BatGrappler.No again  Im not just jerking you around. He invents lowpowered EMPs and a batgrappler and removes most of the best poisons and dart types from the game. I know that the devs were trying to go for a steampunk feel  but when you REMOVE variations on darts and throw in EMPs just so you can ing rip off the DC game that ripped YOU off... theres a problem.Finally, we come to the combat  probably my biggest problem. Youve got three weapons to choose from. Brass knuckles. CaneSwords and Kukris. Gone are the wide spears or longswords in their place youve got all these closetogether brawling fights that make it VERY ing hard to see ANYTHING if theres trees or a wall or if the camera gets stuck. Worse still they copied the BIGGEST mistake AC Unity made and gave EVERYONE a ING GUN. Seriously. EVERYONE has a gun. You will be shot. A lot. That doesnt change things up  that doesnt make it more difficult  its just ANNOYING!!! Which means you spam smoke bombs  a LOT of smoke bombs. How is combat more intense  how is it more involving  if youre FORCED to use the same strategy over any over?Now, having said all that, you would THINK that Id not recommend this game  I DO recommend it... but only to fans. And only on sale. Why do I recommend it? Is it JUST because its a more modern take on the AC IP? Is it JUST because its not as HORIFICALLY bad as AC Unity? Is it beause I watched WAY too much Sherlocke Holmes? Well... basically, yes. It ticks the right boxes for an AC fan  the victorian steampunk motif is at least interesting. Theres a lot of interesting lore  theres the usual postAC Rogue tropes  theres a ing ton of boringbutdistracting things to collect. Its an AC game... but thats ALL it is. 