First things first I was very sceptical from the beginning, due to the modern setting of a victorian London. The intro and the first two hours of gameplay confirmed my concerns  mild spoilers ahead  SPOILER BEGINNING exploding and derailed trains?  SPOILER END This is so not Assassins Creed and its ancient atmosphere it used to be. I felt uncomfortable the first two hours. But I got used to it after a while, and now, I love it. Its like switching from an Amish girlfriend to a wild punkrock brat. It takes time, feels new and loud, but it definitely has its perks. Dont let the setting scare you.Lets continue with some pros and cons here The rope launcher works like a charm and is hella fun. You might wanna play story until you get it, its early and youll need it for some collectables The combat. It feels more fluid again and the time window for counterattacks is fairStealth. The cover system is ehhh.. slighlty improved, corner assassins arent as buggy as they used to beAgain, stealth. AC Syndicate is more of a stealth game then any AC before. It finally makes sense to be stealthy sneaky beaky like. The connected skill tree provides useful perks and its upgrades now are signifficantly improving your stealth gameplay. Performance and Graphics. Even though the details seem to have been slightly decreasedcompared to unity, it looks good and offers clean graphics and an improved performance compared to Unity. The side missions. They are all connected to your progress and the main story, you dont feel like doing missions that arent connected to the main goal of the game. The side missions actually make a lot of sense now. Hey lets liberate London, but before that, imma do 25 hours of weird activites that arent connected to anything of my main task This statement now is wrong and I salute you Ubisoft, thanks for that.Funny. Yes, Jacob and his sister are actually funny.Switching characters. I like that we now can switch between two Assassins. This seems to have future.Parkour. Its fluid and fun, and the rope launcher adds even more fun, provides new opportunities for assassinations and ambushes. Well done Ubi.Whistling. Yes, its back. Either Arno was too dumb to whistle or he simply forgot that he can use his mouth to make noises.Overall combat stealth comination. The rope launcher, the interactive environment and your skills offer new tacticts for ambushes and assassinations. NO DISPLAYED UNDERGROUND ENTRANCES. Yes. WE HAVE TO LOOK FOR THEM. I want that chest underground, but first, let me search all of London for a fricken underground entrance and IF I find one, lets better hope its the right one, WHAT THE FUDGE UBISOFT, ARE U NUTS??? No lockpicking. So.. now I have to skill lockpicking for pressing and holding B to open chests? What? Either Lockpicking, or not. Dont halfdo it. Fewer outfits. Unity had an overwhelming variety of Outfits, Coats and whatever else. Syndicate signifificantly reduced that. Youll have like 8 outfits for each character. You will have to craft them or unlock them via missions. Bad move Ubi, I enjoyed that a lot in AC Unity. Now, you took it away. I spent hours of collecting outfits and feeling pretty wearing them. Bad, bad move.Okay, I think thats it. I might have forgotten pros and cons, but those were the most important for ME and maybe for YOU. I highly recommend AC Syndicate. Give it a few hours and youll feel home again.