Im not a major Assassins Creed fan, mostly because the one game I purchased from the franchise on Steam ceased to store my save data upon linking my Uplay and Steam accounts. Yes, you will need a Uplay account to play this, but it really is not that bad you should link up your accounts so you dont have to login twice to play your games. I do not approve of everything Ubisoft does with its franchises, but this addition is a welcome one that fixes many of the problems previous entries in the series had.You know how you used to get pulled out of an awesome pseudohistorical adventure to do boring realworld nonsense? Not so much here. The story is focused on Jacob and Evie Frye, a pair of twins out to liberate working class English people from the Templars. Though you can switch between the twins, both have exclusive missions that are worth checking out. Each has his or her own skill set to upgrade, unique gear to unlock, and of course, snazzy personalities. I love how colorful these two are and how utterly clueless they are when it comes to the work assassins do, but thats part of their rough charm.In this game, we also meet a cast of awesomely diverse and wonderful characters from Alexander Graham Bell to Charles DIckens to Charles Darwin hes fun, that one. There are some characters people probably will wonder at, like women running around in pants in Victorian England, and a trans man known as Ned with the best missions IMHO, but though they are not historically accurate... they make the game more enjoyable due to their sheer vivacity. Besides, since when have AC games been historically accurate? I just love the cast in this game and the graphics are stunning to boot!The graphics remind me a lot of Dishonored with the rich cityscapes and the vibrant colors. I absolutely adore this game to bits and Ive only had it for a day. The world is gigantic and with so much to do, see, and the like, its difficult to get bored. Syndicate is also more forgiving in terms of stealth. If youre like me and occasionally muck up on stealth due to impatience, you wont usually wreck your missions due to that. There are a couple that require not killing people, but by and large murders are not punished too harshly here and neither is revealing your presence. Believe me, that is a godsend when you are antsy to finish a mission.Rescue missions are mercifully simple as well, with you just needing to punch a key to free children. Now, kidnapping is a pain in the behind and I do not have the hang of it yet impatience is a big problem of mine. There are some finnicky requirements about being anonymous to do things and you do have to drive in some segments carriages, more fun than cars, right?. However, you can upgrade carriages so that they are stronger and enemy carriages are weaker again, godsend. You get to craft outfits, weapons, and weapon upgrades with things you find in chests throughout the world and via rewards for completing missions. Now, sadly, you do still have to buy ammunitions from merchants some of which are located in the worst possible locations, but your hideout has a fasttravel ability when you get it and a guy is always there to sell you junk you may need. Again, minor issue that doesnt really matter because Ubisoft thought of everything with this one.The PC controls are responsive and the feedback you get with the twins is good. Each twin has a unique personality. Jacob is a hardhitter whose style is less stealthy and more in your face, while Evie is the stealth gal. Both can get the same upgrades, perks, and so forth, but they get skills separately. Combat is satisfying, albeit cops are somewhat annoying, but they are not omnipresent and a lot of combat can be avoided with perks later on I can outrun most of my pursuers and vanish before they even get a bead on me. Climbing can be achieved with awesome grapples and zip lines or oldfashioned jumping up ledges. Almost everything is climbable, so you are never without a way out. Buy this game now and spaz out with me over its awesomeness! DI love this game to bits! Good job, Ubisoft!Ive had a lot of doubts about Ubisoft of late, but this brought me back into their fold and may convince me to try other AC titles in the future. For now, thank you, Ubisoft!