Recommended. Everything in this game is much simpler than previous assassins creed titles, for better or worse. Well, everything except combat, that is. This is an uncharacteristically awesome port, a rather nice game on its own, and a great addition to what is frankly becoming a stale and dying franchise. If youve got money to blow, go for it.Assassins Creed Unity is a refreshing title. For better or worse, it strays far from the tried and true Assassins Creed formulae in basically every conceivable way. Everything from parkour to navigation, stealth to combat, assassinations to spreading influence across the city to just wasting time with side activitieshell, even the story is far away from what were used to.You actually have a sneak button in this game. While sneaking, youre harder to see, get detected much slower, and move slightly faster. Additionally however, you cant blend into crowds like you could if you were standing up. You also have a few new tricks in your aresenal... You can now sneak up on people to knock them out as opposed to killing them, and you can kidnap them, in order to use them as meatshields and to avoid detection, and you can now whistle at guards to lure them to your current location. The stealth system is otherwise more or less unchanged the AI is still and most of your stealth missions still boil down to infiltrating location X and killing Templar Y. Not sure what else youd expect from a game called ASSASSINS CREED though, in all honesty.The game also features a different combat system, as well. Like in Assassins Creed Brotherhood, there are now a whole host of different weapon typesthe difference is however, this time around youll actually have a reason to use them! Your weapon choices include kukris, brass knuckles, and sword canes. Brass knuckles have a lot of stunning power, and keep enemies off of you for longer, kukris kill enemies much quicker than the other weapon types, and sword canes are more or less somewhere in the middle. Unlike previous games, you can no longer switch to just fighting with your bare hands or with your hidden blade in the middle of battle. Instead, your hidden blade only peeks out when the next killmove decides it should. You can also chain your other weapons into your combos more easily now. It feels like they tried to emulate the Arkham games freeflow combat system... With meh results.By far the most drastic change is the parkour system. Parkour boils down to three buttons now The Free Run mode button, which you hold down to start free running, and then two buttons to either attempt to run up to HIGHER terrain or drop down to LOWER terrain. Just holding down the free run button will cause your character to try to run on an even plane. It feels much simpler than previous games... Im not a fan of it, but it works MUCH more reliably than previous games, I have to give it that much. Its much more difficult to accidentally run off of a building, or go up a chimney you were trying to run around, or run facefirst into a wall you want to climb...Another big change to the parkour system is the addition of the rope launcher. Once again, it feels like they were trying to emulate the Arkham games, with meh results. The rope launcher allows you to grapple up onto ledges from the ground without having to climb up the wall, and it also allows you to create ziplines between ledges, which you can drop off of to assassinate guards and goons. Its a rather temperamental little contraption however, and it can be excessively difficult to get the damn thing to shoot at the ledge you actually want to go to. Thankfully however, its something you can get through most of the game without even using. Itll save you time, but you can usually climb without it, not withstanding some rather tall vantage points and other cliffs.The storymode is also very different. We actually have likeable protagonists! Not just one, but TWO! Yes! TWO characters! AND there are MUCH fewer missions with instant failure states. Its like getting a cupcake, AND getting a cherry on top. The game also focuses much more on the memory exploration side of things and less on the real world side of things. You now only get a couple 2 or 3 minute cutscenes between memory sequences every now and then, chronicling the activities of the Brotherhood in the outside world.Back on the two character thing... You actually get to play as both Jacob AND Evie Frye, twin assassins. You can freely switch between the two of them, and each has their own preferences. Jacob prefers to charge into the situation and murder everything that twitches, while Evie prefers the Classic subtle approach. Each character also has a few missions exlusive to them. Despite their specializations, theyre still both able to beat the  out of people and sneak around effectively, so theyre both worth playing, regardless of your preferences. Theyre also both really likeable characters, so thats a bonus.In conclusion... The game is good. The PC port is great. UPlay integration wont make you want to rip your balls off this time around. If you need a new stealth game, or you need to renew your faith in the franchise, this is worth picking up.