After 23 hours and 1015 stutter, I finally decide that this game isnt worth your money. If you are a big AC fans, buy it on sale. Tried every method to fix this, the result is NADA!! Beside stutter, I also had several crashing. My spec i56600k, 1070, 16GB, PSU 550W. Here is a quick reviewPros London is beautiful, this is AC game with the best graphic Climbing is more fluid and smooth, and you got a new gear rope launcher which increase the speed of climbing tall building. I have played AC, AC 2, ACBrotherhood and AC Revelation, climbing was a chore back then. Carriage, better than nothing. And I can hit kids with it, mwahahaha. Combat is a wee bit similar to Batman, but not as polished as Batman, counter and grab is your BFF in this game. More varieties in equipments, from knuckles, kukri, cane sword, outfits, belts, cape, and all of them looks great. Trainsss, I fancy kicking enemies off of train In certain missions there will some different approach to finish/assasinate your target, this is new, and I love it. You can choose from stealth approach, unique kills and/or saving someone who can lead you to the target directly. Jacob and Evie are way much likeable than Connor, they have personality and emotion. And they can smile, not like the zombie assassin ConnorCons Killing animation are awesome at first, but at later game, its annoying, especially when you are running from the enemies and wanting to be anonymous, and because of the freaking long killing animation, I got spotted, again... Story is similar like another AC games, piece of eden, shroud, bla bla bla. Its boring enough to make you sleep Lap Race is stupid, they give you and the AI the same carriage with the same speed, it can be frustrating sometimes, but after you get the skill for carriage, it will become easier. The side missions are repetitive. But overall is not as boring as the side missions in previous AC games. Stuttering, I had lots of freeze and stutter, but it can be reduced by setting Uplay in offline mode.If you are an AC fans, buy it when its on sale. Random stutter and freeze make this game not worth full price. 