Less content then assassins creed black flag, and twice as buggy as well. Everyone is saying that unity was bad and this is the lifesaver, but thats what they said with unity, and no doubt they will say so again with thier next game. Plus Im annoyed that they took out multiplayer, it was a funny experiment which I thoroughly enjoyed. Ive got a decent computer which all the others worked fine on, but this one was a killer. Its 34 gigs and I live on the edge of the world with the crappiest internet, it took me three solid days to dowload, with nothing running in the backgound, and for what. A  game running on 10fps.Also I have a general annoyance with the whole franchise. This is NOT a stealth game, although it is thought of as one, trust me, it isnt. You are basically an omnipotent being, you can climb faster, fight better, withstand more damge then any normal person could take and suddenly heal whenever you are walking down the street and not beating up petty street thugs, which were minding thier own bussiness until you came along and killed them. Now everything I just listed is basically in every modern AAA game today, and thats fine, I like it that way. But when you pretend a wolf is a sheep you cant just put wool on it and expect people to feed it grass in a petting zoo. No, it shouldnt be the character that is good, it should be the player, back in the dawn of videogames people enjoyed failing, they enjoyed dying horribly at the final boss then starting  again from scratch, and what do we have? Twelve year olds that still havent had their first growth spurt looking up cheats because the couldnt demolish the boss in 10 seconds and therefore gave up. So the CEOs of todays leading videogame maker companies sat down and thought to themselves Hmm, I better make this game easy or noone will play it, oh! I know! Well give the main character badass climbing and fighting skills that would take several decades to master then make him/her 19 years old!Now call me a turd and put me in the catergory of Yet another one of those old farts who cant let go of the original thief trilogy and and mock the new game. But the thing is Im fifteen, and I didnt even know those little jewels existed, infact I only discovered them after finishing the reboot and thinking what a great game it is before searching it up online. Then I found the original games and took my opinion on a sharp roundabout before going in the other directoin. Why? Because I realised that those old things  were better. They understood the concepts of stealth, no, they invented the concepts of stealth, they didnt make you omnipotent, you couldnt throw yourself off  a four story high building and expect to survive, you couldnt kill everyone with a single slash, and above all they did not give you gadgets such as a weird gun thing to go from one end of the map to the other. No, you were as good as dead the minute you abandoned the stealth approach, you couldnt say balls to the wall and start slaughtering everyone in the room the minute you were discovered.So if youve read all the way to the bottom of my review  you can now see why I am not utterly amazed by this giant hoax unlike millions of other people, and know the reason why the assasins creed syndicate will never make it on to my all time favourites shelf.Also theres no ships. 