Starting this up right after Unity, I was surprised how different it felt, and I dont necessarily mean that in a good way. The controls were so light compared to Unitys. Unitys controls did feel sluggish, but this game felt like the developers took the backlash and went to the other end of the extreme. These controls felt very cheap compared to Unitys. I immediately thought this was some knockoff this didnt feel at all like an Assassins Creed game.  But, like with Unity, once I got used to it, I liked it a bit more. Nevertheless, this feeling of cheapness still reverberated in other areas of the game.Its odd how many things were improvedstealth and whistle, freerunning, modern day just by a smidge, cutscenes were longer and had more of an arc to themand yet it still had a number of problems. Overall, Unity and Syndicate stand almost level for me when I weigh the pros and cons, but I prefer Unity. It has a better story, albeit not a great one. It has wonderful graphics and intense detail. It focused on stealth, the main feature of all the games, even if it was kind of bad sometimes. The combat isnt great either, but once you get the hang of it, it gets a bit easier and a little more fun when its not buggy.Anyway, more about Syndicate I liked that it has twins for its main characters, Evie and Jacob, and that they bounced off each other well. The Rooks gang is a fun addition. The carriage riding is alright but not very necessary. My least favorite part of these games is travelling over halfway across the map to get to the next mission. The grappling hook helps climb buildings faster, but its still as inconsistent as the parkour system, so it replaces one buggy thing with another.The story is lighter and less serious at times, which is nice because these games act too selfserious to be as spotty, repetitive, and inattentive to its story as they are. If the goal is merely to play an assassin in the past, then just drop the scifi which I would prefer not to do, actually I want there to be a purpose, just not one so lazy and have some fun with it. Treading water over multiple games in this middle ground leaves neither side satisfied.The combat, like the movement, flipped 180 from Unitys. Its very fast. Maybe its fitting for a brutal englishman/englishwoman to be pummeling their enemies with furious fists, but it seems that Ubisoft Quebecs idea of difficulty is requiring a lot more punches to kill kind of like a bullet sponge. Also, theres fewer finishers, so that on top of more punching makes for repetitive combat. They add a bullet dodge button here, which I appreciate after many AC games where I could not escape bullets. Its more responsive fighting than Ive seen from Unity, but its less interesting.One thing that continued from Unity is the skill tree, which I hate in both. It feels like grinding work to get the assassin fun Ive been having in previous games, the ones that didnt require me to pass any superficial roadblocks. This seemed like another cheap way to pad on some more difficulty.Overall, Syndicate improves on some things and regresses on some others, just like Unity. Due to personal preference, I wouldnt recommend it, but its not a bad game by most standards.