As far as Assassin creed games go this one isnt bad. or at least it isnt as bad as their past few entries.You play as the Fry twins. Two british possibly irish mix? persons who cant help but get into trouble.The game totes that the characters play differently but in reality aside from a few top tier skills and a few different animations they play exactly the same. One simply has a few more combat skills and the other has a few more stealth skills. both of which are a moot point as both combat and stealth are more simple and straightforward than ever before.That being said gameplay can get pretty stale after a while, though the game leaves lots of room for youre engagement method of choice. You can be a quiet as a snake or as loud as a bull in a china shop and get the job done just the same aside from only a hand ful of random missions that strong arm you in the most clumsy of fashions into doing it their way.The tools shine here in this game better than they have in a long time. the last time i had as much fun with the various gadgets avalible was back in brotherhood. You get all sorts of stuff from electricity grenades and poison darts to a batman style line launcher.The story is better than its been in a while but still pretty basic.Visually the game has great potential, though I cant run it well on high settings. I cant tell if its my hardware being dated a distinct possibility or its poorly optimized. But either way the game looks decent enough, city streets look busy and alive, poor districts teem with the lower class amusing themselves in back alleys while the wealthy parade around in parks with their fancy hats.Youll see an overalp with NPC skins but its a open world game so its expected though the large variety makes it where you USUALLY wont see several clones of the exact same person milling about in the area.The same cant be said for the gang members though. There is like maybe 6 skins total for them and they just pallete swap colors on them which is annoying to see.All in all the game plays well, ive experienced my share of bugs but all of them have been visuals texture flickering, colors going wrong etc... I havent had anything make me crash or cause a game breaking problem yet.They also got rid of the modern day office simulator and instead made all those sequences just cutscenes. THANK GOD, that alone made me interested in this game.Id say if youre a fan the creed series go for it.  If youre new or are meh about the series then id say wait for it to go on sale like I did.