Way back in 2007 I became an Assassin. I was thrilled to finally find a calling for my free running skills and an outlet for the hobby nearest to my heart stabbing someone in the neck. I took to my calling with zeal, following the instructions of my mentor, and I prevented the Templars from getting the Apple. All of this left me with a sense of completeness, and I knew my place in the great struggle between Assassins and Templars over the centuries. After the middle east, I spent many years in Italy as an Assassin, which were certainly the high years of my career.But I no longer have the zeal I used to for our cause. In the end, it all seemed to take on new dimensions. We no longer became Assassins devoted to the great struggle against the Templars. Instead, we grew tired and complacent, perhaps due to all the great inventions and sheer manpower we built up during the Renaissance. Eventually, we started letting all types of folks join, and this was clearly not an improvement. We even allowed, and glorified the role of, the Marquis De Sade to start using us to his own ends. A pederast and a Who would have thought wed find the Assassin order teaming up on that side. We had already allowed pirates in, clearly another mistake, which only further diluted our moral position. I feel like there was a real subtle message there as well...had we become bored? Bored of being Assassins that we now wanted to be pirates?Which brings us to the industrial era of London two Assassin twins who are literally bored with sitting around in the country side. Can I blame them? We now post assassins off to do nothing on farmland. We clearly had greatly lost a great deal of assassins by this time, especially since I remember in the Renaissance calling members of the order in for helping me. Instead, these two twins start a street gang. Let me repeat that bored with hanging out on the farm they instead start a street gang. Where is our great moral position against the Templars? With all this disillusionment, I gradually found myself no longer trying to strive to conquor the city. I eventually became feared enough by the Templars that they stopped attacking me, and I could just go about living my life. I often found myself, when off trying to complete some perceived valuable mission, stopping at the park instead. I watched as couples danced to a band. I watched men play cricket, a game I still could not understand from watching. I watched children run soccer passing exercises. Out of no where, I noticed a small group of men kicking a man on the ground. I pulled my pistol out and fired a round into the air, scaring the men and driving folks out of the park. Repercussions for this action? None. You see thats kinda what its like now to be an Assassin. I just walk through the front door, waving my gun in the air, blasting off rounds. My street gang does the same. You see, you dont have to even get your hands dirty, just send your thugs in and they will murder everyone in the place. When they die, call in another carriage of them. I just stand around, indifferent to the murder because it simply isnt what it used to be. Its no longer necessary to be an assassin, to be stealthy, to use your hidden arm blade. It wouldnt make a difference if it was hidden or not. Stabbing people in the street with a kukri or shooting them has literally no consequences as you cross London, leaving a wake of dead in your path. You dont need to free run anymore either very early in you get a grappling hook that jerks you to the top of buildings. I left the park where I had invertently disrupted everyones day, and felt embarrassed. On my way north of the park, headed towards Parliment, a young middle class lady yelled Stop Thief and I gave chase. I caught up with the thief, and tackled her, only to realize that she was a very old homeless lady. I felt terrible. She needed whatever penny farthing she had stolen, and as I walked past Parliment I realized this is what the order had become simply local vigilantes that used violence to achieve their goals and had no great passion anymore.Where do we go from here? Presumably well end up soon in the modern day. What will be the point of it all then? Will we just be mowing down whatever human beings get stuck in the crossfire of our silly struggle? The Templars have brought a number of things that work pretty well, communication networks, banking systems, healthcare... It might be time to step back and let them work out their plan. I LIKE supermarkets. They make my life simpler and easier, even if theyre owned by some shadowy large corporation. And its clear most people like them too.It might be time to hang up the Assassin orders spurs I think. We no longer have the passion we started with, the dedicated training, or the moral high ground. Its time to just go sit on the banks of the Thames and reflect on what we should be doing instead. 