Initially I was a bit skeptical to buying and playing this game due to the criticism the series have gotten all over the Internet the last years. I played the Assassins Creed 3 almost five years ago and I loved it, but my computer back then were barely able to handle it so I never continued the series and then it fell out of memory.Then I saw the trailer for this, and the buildup seemed so nice and the fact that there would be a playable female protagonist in a major installment seemed really interesting. I got it on the summer sale for half price due to my skepticism.Now I have played through the main game, and I cannot but say that I am in awe. This is in no way a bad or rushed game, which some people claim as a kind of leftover from earlier mistakes in the series. But then again, when I play games like these and just stop for a moment to observe the animated world, all the details, all the small details in npc, their AI, all the meshes, textures, music and whatnot.. it blows my mind that there are not more bugs than it is.In terms of programming and artistic work, writing and character development, these things are really masterful creations. Just as any other game of the same size.I have no doubt in my mind that a lot of gamers take a little too much for granted and neglect all the effort it takes in order to create games like these.Anyhow..I really enjoyed the story and the characters, especially Evie, her character had that mysterious depth to it which is to be expected from an assassin. Jacob was more of the blunt tool, but I really liked his naive gentleness, like for example how he treated the horses when driving a carriage. Despite being twins, he gave the sensation of being the younger of the two mentally.The analogy of their storylines and how they intertwine gives life to the story, and I read somewhere that the story seemed shallow and rushed. I wonder if gamers these days are refereeing to their own intellect when making those remarks, as the amount of details, fluff and buildup in the storys were more than enough to satisfy even me. And I am not even a nerd who is that well read into the lore of the series.I also loved the detail that their personalities were mirrored in the soundtrack, once I became aware of this detail, it became rather obvious, and made the music seem like a inside joke, or inside story. The Soundtrack were in and of itself awesome, and seemed to read my mind on when to launch certain songs, as their timing were amazing.Sure, there are some details that made me really annoyed throughout my gameplay, and I mean annoyed. Like for example, if you knocked out a guard, hid him behind the boxes you covered, whistled for another guard and when he approached, instead of knocking him out the character insisted on starting carrying the body of the already knocked out guard, ruining the cover, mission and my experience. For future games they should consider leaving the option for separate keys for separate actions, as layering functions on the same key may have devastating effects on the gameplay.And not only the undercover cop seemed to have a subtle longing for a sexchange, because I met several npcs with the wrong voice for their apparent gender. Although this was far more amusing than annoying. The funniest moment would be when a young man was robbed and started screaming with the voice of an old lady to stop the youngster who have robbed him. I helped him only to hear him thank me as an old lady. Priceless.As for the lore, as I have done som casual studying, it is nothing short of amazing. I love the metaphors and subtle hints, the obvious and esoteric references, occult parallels and all the other jazz down that road.I guess that any initiated or well read and truly open minded intellectual with a fancy for gaming would enjoy this game.Even I did, and I am not a good gamer, quite the opposite which made me almost furious over my lack of skills at some points in the game but I enjoyed the intellectual content of the game so much that I was not able to make me quit, instead I got a good exercise in the practice of profanity.I am glad that I doubted the criticism and gave this game a chance, because it was absolutely worth it.And I look forward to the coming installment, as Egyptian mythology and their esoteric teachings are one of my favorite fields which I have passed in my studies of the occult. I am curious to see how it is rendered through a gaming experience which this series offers so brilliantly.Yes, I do absolutely recommend this game.