Assassins Creed syndicate screams of a francaise that has ran out of ideas. Its no wonder they went for the reboot option following this title. How to drop the ball 101.This is a bog standard Assassins Creed game with all the usual guff, smoke bombs, darts, ranged weapon, melee combat weapon. For some reason you also manage to loot Batmans personal stash and get hold of the Bat Grapnel as well.The game plods along with a meh plot set in London. It seems like the creators wanted something of Gangs of New York meets Marry Poppins. The ideas are correct but London itself is uninspiring and one dimensional. I couldnt have really told you the poor parts from the rich parts even being a Historian and a resident of the United Kingdom. In short it all melded together. The gang fight missions were nice but you had to troil through the usual assassins creed missions first. In this case its assassination, kidnap and rescue. Yawn In most cases I did a mission if I strayed towards it but ignored it and did my usual fast travel method of Assasins Creed map movement.Combat was pretty dismal as well, there are 3 weapons to choose from and the dynamic combat really boiled down to bash attack, dodge or quick shot when need to and stun the guy when he blocks. Gone are the timed counters from previous games. The was little timing or skill involved and I quickly found myself able to take out multiple opponents above my level with the sneaky character much less the combat wombat. Combat felt very forced and more of a button bash that it did in previous titles. The weapons available were also very uninspiring a Knife, Knuckle dusters and a Sword Caine. I stuck with a Knife the entire game because the graphics of the others simply seemed a bit lame. There were the usual multiple kill options in combat but I think the game rolls a dice to decide if you execute this ability, sometimes it happened others it didnt.Free running has always been a staple of Assassins Creed, in this title you now hold A to go up and X to go down. Sure if I wanted to skill jump parkour Id play Mirrors Edge, but this still feels like it takes all the flow and control away from you. To make matters worse the pre mentioned Bat Grapnel means you can fly about like Batman, instead of climbing a building one aimed shot can take you right to the top. Sure you move quicker but it just takes away the whole point and feel of Assassins Creed.The game only uses four types of bad guy which sucked big time. Gang members, Guards, Templars and Police. Gone are the patrols of guards led by a captain or the guy with the big weapon etc. Again you button bash your way past these guys like you were... hmmm yes Batman.The targets are also badly thought out, I will conceed the final bad guy Crawford Starrick has bags of bad guy charisma even if the final confrontation with him is more like a poorly thought out mini game than an actual finale.To top this off you even have a very predictable Bill the Butcher style guy leading the red enemy gang and he was voiced by Captain Jack Sparrow. sighI wanted to like Evie and Jacob Frye but both were quite one dimensional characters one violent the other sneaky predictable.I really wanted to love this title but found the story pretty non existant. My usual too many weapons gripe was met with a not enough weapons complaint and I honestly couldnt wait for this to be over. The future / modern parts of the story were also lost to me and just served in wasting time, it doesnt fit what so ever and lets not even visit the World War I time line missions. Its as if a dev said oh oh London lets cram everything we can in That said Jack the Ripper DLC  didnt bother should have been part and parcel of the game although it was nice to see Spring Heeled Jack, although the game made no attempt to really explain this. So much potential in a historic and fine city lost.If your a AC fan then go ahead and play this title but I wouldnt suggest getting it outside of a sale, if you havent played AC before avoid this one and play an earlier title you will find it much more satisfying!Additional, having finished this title I decided to go back and play Assassins Creed 3 again. Can confirm there is more storyline and RP aspect in the first hour of gameplay than Syndicates entire title. Disapointing. 