19 minutes in and its already what I hoped for in an Assassins Creed gameEDITOkay, so Ive become more realistic and actually played more of the game before I posted a review. Here are some of my pros and cons of the game now that Ive played it more. I believe this review could really determine your choice on buying this game or not if youll just stand the length of it. NO MAJOR STORY SPOILERS FOR AC SYNDICATE. IM SPOILER FREE!! !PROSGameplayThe gameplay by far is a major improvement from any other Assassins Creed game. Instead of the copyandpasted run up buildings and stab people formula the AC series is used to, Assassins Creed Syndicate offers more complex combat, parkour, and traversal systems.COMBATCombat has been made easier than Assassins Creed Unity but not as simple as AC3, as Im sure many of you should remember. If you have not played any previous AC games, this new combat system will be extremely easy to understand, as it includes having a strategy. A strategy as in Should I stun this guy and bring him and his 3 friends for an epic multikill, or quick shoot all of them There are many varietys in ways you could bring your enemies down.PARKOURParkour hasnt changed much from Unity. The FreeRun Up and Down is still an option but the only major change in parkour, and I mean MAJOR change is the Rope Launcher. Ah the rope launcher. The latest hidden blade/gauntlet modification that made you the Batman of the 1800s. Except it doesnt. Unlike the speculation of many, the rope launcher is not directly ripped from the Arkham Games you wouldnt believe me if I told you many thought this was the case The RopeLauncher doesnt zoom you up a building, its almost like a rappel in which you hop on the sides of the buildings to your destination. This tool has made synchronization easier by lessening the hassle of climbing up those big dome buildings.TRAVERSALWays to travel throughout the massive open world of AC has massively changed. What used to be horses are now carriages, what used to be the Jackdaw is now a huge array of multiple steamboats. I know thats not even extremely close to a good analogy but regardless. Trains and steamboats all follow a path that goes to pretty much where you want it to go. All you have to do is wait. Maybe shoot some Blighters off of their enemy boats, or manage your gear and gang upgrades from you train hideout. Yeah, thats right, a TRAIN hideout. All those other hideouts the Assassins had, Masyaf, Monteriggioni, the Homestead, an island, and wherever it was you hid in Unity, dont even compare to a TRAIN hideout. Carriages are pretty cut and dry. You hop in them and start riding around. Almost like a horse. Except for the fact that you can fight on the roofs of the carriages and wage battle with uncoming Blighters as they endlessly try to climb the sides to end your life. And then the carriage stops and Blighters and policemen are shooting at you and your stationary cart and climbing the carriage sides, AND trying to gut you while you flick them off like flies. Think of it as a zombie movie. The movies that have the main hero stand atop some rubble and fire all his rounds into a horde of zombies. Cool right?GRAPHICS AND ANIMATIONSIve paired these two together so I wouldnt have to make two seperate categories. I dont know the full details of my rig but my gpu as of today is a MSI GTX GeForce 760 2GB. It sucks I know please dont hate. But the thing is, I can play this game on the VERY HIGH graphics settings pretty well. I recieve constant 4550 fps and rarely have massive fps drops. Though once I get at least 2 hours into playing the game I start the drasticaly lose frames. Cutsenses lag and and animations are choppy, BUT THATS BECAUSE IM AN STUBBORN LILWHO WONT TURN THE GRAPHICS DOWN BECASUE I HATE FUZZY TEXTURES MAKING ME THINK IM BLIND!!!! All I have to do though is restart the game and it goes back to normal. But yeah if you have a nice rig going on, graphics should work great for you. This game has some of the best video game graphics Ive seen this year on PC, and Im not just kissinghere. The facial features on the characters, the placement of facial hair, the detail that goes into the outfits and buildings. Its almost like looking at an actual person. This uses the same engine as AC Unity, and I can definetely see some recycled animations from Arno, but hopefully it shouldnt bother you too much. Also the new hoodup and hooddown system, also known as the new Stealth system, has arose some conflict in players saying they want to hood to be toggleable. But there isnt really a difference between Jacob with a hat and Jacob with a hood. The only animation that is different is that stealthy Jacob crouches. But otherwise, they both share animaitons. Leap of Faith, combat, sprinting, and parkour animation is all the same. So if you like the hooded Assassin look better, just hold down the sprint key and everythings fine.CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT AND STORYTELLINGI wont spoil any of the story in this segment, I promise The main characters are amazing. I cant even think of another word for the Unstopable Frye Twins. Jacob and Evie have a slight charm and humor to them that contrasts them from any other Assassin. Every single time Jacob spoke, I couldnt just not laugh at the sarcasticness and ignorance of his lines, and the tired but stern lines of his sister Evie putting up with his nonsense in a cute manner. The other characters that you meet throughout the game are also as exciting and full of wit. Everyones character development, even the villians, make this Assassins Creed totally differrent by adding a great sense of humor alongside the action packed story. In fact, by Sequence 3 I had already got so attatched to the characters, that when a glitch occured that accidentely killed Evie, I was extremely sad. Like a new level of sad. You probably wont know what its like to see the body of one of your favorite characters folded on the street curb, trampled by a horse. What was this glitch you might ask. Well Ill tell you.CONSANIMATIONS AND BUGSThis will probably be the only category under cons, because me being a casual gamer, I havent found anything extremely wrong with the game, just some things that may bug you if you buy itAnyways...this glitch I was talking about. As I stepped off the carriage that Evie was riding in with me, I focused my camera angle on what was ahead of me but not behind me. I heard a whipping noise, than a neigh. I turned around to see the carriage I had taken zoom away, leaving behind the trampled ragdoll of Evie. The game then desynched me saying that My ally was dead or Target Dead. I forgot. Leaving me heartbroken, the game then decieded to set me back to a position that I had played at least 5 min before and I had to redo everything. Im sure there are many other bugs that I havent found but I hope you enjoyed my story. ALSO. Another thing that may bother you is that Jacob and Evie, while in combat or assassinations, will use their right hands to stab their enemies. And it looks like theyre using a hidden blade too. This only bothers me so much because as I recall, they only used their gauntlet blade for stuff like that. Ive also noticed that no blade extends from the right sleeve. It looks like they are doing some sort of martial art death punch beacuse when the wrist makes contact with the enemy a spurt of blood spills out of the enemy. I dont think Ubisoft is going to fix this either because its integrated into the cutscenes. I dont know if this will bother you so much that you wont buy the game, but just a warning.WOW YOU MADE IT THROUGH!!! GOOD JOB!!!! !FINAL RATING9.2/10SHOULD YOU BUY THIS? YES!SHOULD YOU HAVE PREORDERED THIS INSTEAD OF SAYING IT WAS GOING TO SUCK BECAUSE OF UNITY? YES! 