Sort version Best AC game to date!Longer versionTheyve done London just correct, fair amount of NPCs scattered about, not the extreme crowds we saw in Unitys Paris. Graphics are great, and the way NPCs moves aound while sometimes interacting with each other, works great.The siblings, Jacob and Evie, are very likeable characters, voice acting is excellent and story is good. Ubi also did a great job with most of the other toons youll encounter, no complaints at all here.The game runs flawlessly on my system, no notable frame drops, or other issues. Again, this is NOT another Unity, Ubisoft actually did a great job this time.I really like most of the main story missions, but getting full synch doing various extra objectives during the missions, for those who dont know, is very, very easy this time around. Too easy, Id say. Well, at least up to the point where Im at now.There are lots of side missions and activities around the city, which adds to the fun. The problem, though, is that ALL of them are very, very repetitive, and gets old way too quick.The main new feature of the game, is probably your gang. When you do various objectives in a district of the city, youll eventually have to defeat whoevers being in charge of the gang, then you take control. The idea is that youre building a gang of members who can be recruited to help you in missions and activities. And here lies the problem, my only BIG issue with this gameGangs suck! Period!Ive stopped using gang members, because they add a lot of problems, and no real benefit. This is mainly because of a  AI, but there other issues too. For example, after getting the gang ability that gives them ranged weapons, they headshot me almost every time I try to have them join me! Killed by friendly fire gets old almost immediately... Also, in some side missions, they tend to rush in and kill the main NPC, and I dont get credit, meaning I have to leave the area to have it resetting itself.Overall, its a great game, which I recommend strongly. Ive had a lot of fun so far, and Im far from done 