tldr at bottom....While I am recommending this game I have a few things Id like to say to the developers. I strongly doubt they are reading steam reviews, nor would they care. But hey who knows.First off, gorgeous game you have made here. The graphics are really REALLY nice on my pc. Its also pretty well optimized. Good work.Like with all AC titles Ive played most on console This game had a great story, interesting and funny characters, some new mechanics and gear. It is a good game, and IMO is better than Unity.With all that being said, this game is clunky. Movements are not subtle or responsive. There are many areas where you should be able to climb/drop/zip, however, evie and jakob will always seem to find one of these spots and become motionless and unresponsive for long enough to be shot or seen. This is a problem. You really need to test these games more before you put them out. Its not fair to your customers to pay 60 dollars to fight through these bugs. Yeah you usually get them in the updates, but thats not what I pay for. I want a finished, professional, glitch free game when I shell out 60 dollars.In the same subject, while ALL of the animation is beautiful, some of it is not needed. Some of it is actually detrimental to the gameplay. Jakob can jump 300 feet off of a tower into a pile of leaves, yet it takes almost a second to climb a 4 foot chimmney Something he should be able to hop onto in one brisk movement. Hell I can almost do that in real life and from my time played you can see im not what you would call physically active.Lastly, I think you guys need to do something really special for your next AC game. Since Black Flag, I think you have sort of... half your last few titles. I dont mean it as an insult because the last few games have been good games overall. You just set the bar way too high when you made ACBF. The last few games have been good, but I think we may be ready for something new. the victorian/revolutionary periods ARE interesting, but a tad bland at times. Give us a full game set in China maybe. Or how about WW2??? What can you guys imagine up for a WW2 title? Templars infiltrate the NAZIS and you get to hunt them all down, flying and driving aspects, maybe paraassassins? The assassin base could be a captured Uboat that you can cruise to all kinds of environments like in black flag! How many copies of that do you think would sell?? A crap ton thats how many. No game will touch you. Make a full co op campaign and you will sell even more.7/10 buy it, you will enjoy it, just be prepared to scream at your computer a few dozen times. 