My review is split into two parts Gameplay and Story. Its in categories to make it as friendly as possible for the tldr crowd. I played through the main story, did a handful of side quests, conquered all districts in London, and played the World War I side quest so thats what my review is based on. Ill be making some comparisons to Assassins Creed Unity and other games in the AC series, so if you havent played one of them or another, bear with me, Ill try to be as descriptive as possible.GAMEPLAYGraphics A moderate improvement over Unity, and a pretty big improvement over Rogue and Black Flag which are very similar to each other. My favorite part by far about the graphic performance is that  it maintains an equaltobetter graphic quality, unlike Unity, my computer doenst complain about graphics settings constantly. Bottom line about graphics Vivid detail, spectacular vistas, and far smoother than Unity did it.Controls and character movement True to the Assassins Creed norm, the movement isnt perfect. There are still a few glitches HOWEVER for this game, my experience encoutered only one or two movement glitches in 41 hours of gameplay. Thats impressive, especially compared to older games like AC III. As for controls, there are still some problems with the character doing what you want them to do for example, in the secondtolast mission, I tried to hide behind a wall, but I ended up hanging off the wrong side and being spotted. The position the character is standing matters, so make sure youre paying attention to that when making sensitive moves. One big problem is with blending. Its quite difficult to blend into a crowd. Sometimes, the blend doesnt even happen and you get spotted. Luckily, youre usually given enough other  infiltration options in a mission to where its not impossible to go without constant blending. One of my favorite methods of infiltration is the Syndicateoriginal move, the kidnapping function, where you can twist someones arm and walk them into restricted areas without alerting attention so long as you dont get too close or move too quickly. Overall, the controls and character movement are simple, straightforward, imperfect, but among the best yet.New features of note part 1/2 In addition to the aforementioned kidnapping move, there are several other positive additions unique to Syndicate. Another feature is  Syndicate added drivable horses and carriages as a vehicle. These allow you to traverse lots of ground in very little time. Their movement and control is smoother than pedestrian movement, but it still reuqires precision, lest you careen into a lampost, wall, police constable, or thug who will then try to kill you which reminds me, I should also mention that theyre not good for running people over. But all said, they are a lot of fun, and definitely a welcome addition to the game.New features of note part 2/2 The most highly anticipated new feature is the rope gun. It is excellent for escapes, infiltrations, and more. The only drawback with it is how its controls work. While I would have much prefered it get its own weapon slot where it could be freely aimed and fired, it has an automatic targeting system that is both less exciting and less reliable. Say you are on one roof facing another. on your screen, an R appears with a reticule. Press R and the rope gun gets fired at that spot, allowing you to shimmy by rope to the location you fired the rope at. If you are on the ground and approach a building, you will see an R with a quarterarc under it, indicating you should look up. Looking up will reveal the same reticule, and pressing R will make your character use the rope gun to propel his or her self up to the ledge the gun was aiming at. Its almost as boring to use as it is to describe. I speculate that the point of this automatic reticule system is to save time and ease its use, but the drawback is it gets almost too easy at times, and at others, the reticule never shows up where you could swear it should rare, but its still happened a few times, forcing you to climb up manually. One other drawback of the rope gun is that you have to be standing or squatting, and stationary to use it. It cannot be fired while moving, and cannot be fired while standing on anything moving, such as a carriage, slowmoving train, or evenslowermoving steam ship traveling down the Thames. I really hope that wasnt an attempt to put a commonsense limitation on the rope gun to keep it from being too powerful a tool, because all it did was make traveling around the map more inconvenient.Combat One big plus is definitely the combat style. There are upgradable features that give you more combo options. One involves being able to break an enemys defense, then knock them over and shoot them in the face all in one move. Another involves being able to cut someone down who spots you after theyre alert red status, even if theyve alerted other guards. Older games had that problem. You couldnt do an assassination as soon as the red diamond showed, even if they hadnt moved, or were themselves not aware of your presence. These additions dont make combat too easy, but instead add an aspect of combat that makes it more interesting and fair, and also acts as a motivator to level up and earn these new moves. The only disadvantages of the new combat format is the weapon variety. For those who love to fight with their hidden blade, Ive got bad news its only used for assassinations in Syndicate. Also, the people who love huge varieties of weapon styles and choices might be disappointed as well. There are only three types of melee weapons Kukri Napalese short sword, metal knuckles, and sword cane. There are different styles and stats, but theyre all basically the same thing. I was hoping that for a game with two playable main characters, each with their own specialty Evie is the stealthy one, Jacob is the brawler, there would be specialized weapons for each character that reflect their specialty, as well as reflecting some of the vast choices we had in other AC games e.g., heavy weapons like the Claymore for Jacob. But despite that drawback, the variety of ranged weapons are onpar. More importantly, the overall combat experience is still my favorite of any AC game.Lockpicking This gets its own category because of how happy I am that Syndicate deviated from the frustrating lockpick minigame in Unity. If youve got the level of which there are two, you get in. Its just a matter of holding the E key down for long enough.Cafting The crafting is straightforward and simple. get the materials from chests and child thieves, build the thing. Like some of the older games, youll need to craft things in order to upgrade ranged weapon power, ammo capacity, and character stats.STORYBefore I start reviewing the story, a word of warning DO NOT read Lydia Fryes database entry in the World War 1 sequence if you dont like spoilers. But I digress. No matter how rocky the Assassins Creed gameplay has gotten, the stories have always been wellwritten, and Syndicate is no different.The overall plot is familiar, but plenty unique and wellwritten. Basically, you try to take Victorian London out from under the thumb of Templars and their pet gang. Along the way, you meet and work with a variety of interesting characters, including a collection of recognizable historical figures. Evie and Jacob are threedimensional, form a good dynamic with each other and their allies, and altogether earn their spots as the main characters. The voice acting was great. The English and Scottish accents were wellarticulated, just as good as Unitys, but are even better because Syndicates characters actually are English and Scottish.Bottom line For the hours I played, I had a lot of fun and got to be part of a good story. I recommend this game 