It appears to be one of the smaller Assassins Creed games. Yes, London is big, but thats it really. 6 hours in, and Ive conquered 1/4th of London, and am just starting on the last row of skills.The grappling is great.Combat is fine.Evie and Jacob have almost the exact same skill trees, except for 3 skills each the other doesnt. Ive basically built the two the exact same.The interplay between the two is great, even if its very much a caricature Jacob is the simple man, Evie is the more thoughtful woman, etc. As the two are essentially the same in terms of play, I just play Evie except for the occaisional mission in which you have to use Jacob.This is the first Assassins Creed that injects some humor throughout. Its a nice touch, and a nice break from the traditional seriousness of the franchise.I hate the train. D Its so damn slow. Get those fast travel points as soon as you can.Difficulty wise, this is probably the easiest AC yet, though that seems to partly be due to overleveling, and even a levels difference in a fight has a large effect.My gang is overleveled too, I guess. I dont really use them unless the story throws them into the fray on its own, and in those moments, my gang basically kills everything in a matter of seconds. /Overall, Im enjoying it. Largely in part to the two main characters I just enjoy the two of them. Havent really enjoyed the main character in an AC game since the younger Ezio days. Weve had some gawd awful AC protagonists since then bottoming out with Connor. Jacob and Evie are a refreshing change.Only had one crash. Was transitioning from the map back to the game, and it just froze in an all white screen. The only weird issue I encountered was when I was in a kidnap mission, everytime I restrained my victim, an invisible wall would spring up, preventing me from walking forward and, in fact, would push me backwards. I got around that by facing in the opposite direction I wanted to walk, waited for the victim to try to break free, restrained victim, and then turned around and walked. Its only occurred the one time in a kidnapping mission. All the others Ive done had no issues.Overall technical side of the port seems great.Parkor controls are just as good and bad as always.At this point in the game, Id give it a 9/10. They havent really done much to change the AC formula, but after a long string of ACs that I didnt particularly enjoy from a characters/story perspective, this has been a fun ride so far. It might be coloring my opinion a bit, and its quite possible that once this initial euphoria of actually enjoying an AC story/characters again fades, Id really be around an 8/10. 