With this, I finish off the saga for now.Overall, and as a TLDR, I enjoyed the game. It was fun, rather complex and ultimately delivered what I was expecting. Was it the best AC to date? Nah, but let me get into details.Gameplay Until we get the next AC, this is the best weve got. It feels as fluid as ever.Combat is great for those not looking for a real challenge but at the same time wanna have fun with it. What I mean by this is that if youre coming from Dark Souls, youre not gonna like it. Its simple, rewarding and the executions are great.Climbing was greatly improved/made easier with the new grapple hook. You may not like it if youre a diehard fan of the franchise but youll also use it all the time. Its extremely useful and advantageous even though it takes away some of the fun that was figuring out how to climb something. A not so needed but still welcome addition.Graphics I must say that coming from Unity, this game was not as pretty. I dont know what theyve changed but it just doesnt feel that good. However, London is still London and if youre an admirer of that city youre definitely gonna like it. It delivers, every major landmark is there and the atmosphere of industrial London was nailed by the producers. Nothing much to say about it, I loved playing this game in my favourite city.Performance I ran this game with an i5 7400 and a GTX 1060 6GB. Performance is AWFUL. If you have similar or lower specs than mine, be ready to either play at potatoe quality in order to attempt to reach 60fps or just do like me and give up on that smooth gameplay and just max out everything and settle for peasantlike 30 FPS. I play AC for the story and the graphics, so I had no other choice. Crashes? Yeah, maybe twice. Nothing too bad. Game breaking bugs? None, surprisingly. Coming from previous AC, this was a soothing surprise.Story Aah, finally, what youve been waiting for.The story starts a bit slow, I had a hard time getting into it. As the game progresses, it gets a bit better but then reaches a plateau. An acceptable and respectable plateau, mind you, but I was left with a sort of bitter taste since I was expecting a bit more from it. I liked Unity, I think its an underrated game... but this one, I dont know. I feel like it was rushed, at least the ending, and that they wanted to make it longer than previous AC and just included a bunch of unnecessary and tedious missions. However, the Assassination missions... oh boy I liked those. If you read my Unitys review youd know that I liked them. Here, they are the same but maybe improved. I think there was only one tail mission in the entire game yay and no eavesdropping or anything like it. Almost none you were spotted, mission failed as well, another welcome change.So, did I like the story? Yeah, I liked it. Would I go running into the street telling people to play this game? Definitely not. Was it a bad AC? Uhmmm I wouldnt say so... it just falls short of ground breaking content. Oh, and the present day story is almost non existant and weird, if you were wondering that.Conclusion If youve played previous AC and have a decent computer to run this game, go ahead and buy it. You wont be disappointed. If youre new to the saga, Id recommend buying the Ezio saga, those were the good old days.