Lets start this recommendation with a bit of background information about my history with Assassins Creed. Its important, yes, yes it is.I loved Assassins Creed, ever since the first game, the one where you play as the weird monkey, I mean monk, Altair. You climb from building to building, start beating up people, stabbing them, jumping around, the bread and butter formula of Assassins Creed.Assassins Creed 2 took this system to a whole new level, with the introduction of Ezio, whom in my opinion, is still the best character in the entire series. Then came Brotherhood, Revelations, 3, Liberation, etc etc, its all the same formula with slightly different changes per game. For instance, the Twin Blades in AC2, the Hookblade in Revelations, and the usage of recruits in Brotherhood.The series, was awesome.HOWEVER, the Assassins Creed did get plagued by several things, but mainly, Uplay, or as Id like to call it, Uplay. Its horrible, AC2 was DRMed with having a constant connection to the servers, only problem being was that the servers happily cut off connection every 10 seconds, causing you to get booted from AC2.ANYWAY. After that massive screw over by Ubisoft with Unity, I decided to boycott the entire series. Microtransactions?  performances even on my GTX970? Yeah, I was done with the AC series. Till Syndicate had a 40 sale, and I figured, hey lets give this game another chance!And Im glad I did, for the first few hours anyway.Lets talk about Graphics.Its amazing, its beautiful, and London is one huge city to explore. Most importantly, it runs on Ultra settings with my 970, something Unity failed to do even with 4x Titan Xs. Yeah, the optimization for this game is nicely done after two weeks anyway.Now moving on to Gameplay..Its typical Assassins Creed, you jump, you fly, you go left and right, you stab people. Except now, they make you choose between a stealth character or a brawling character. Some like the AC combat system, I personal prefer the stealth elements. Both characters share the same EXP pool, so you can switch between them as and when you like.By the way, controls are dumbed down, you just hold one button to fly across the map. Theres no elements such as  near fall, or any other more complicated buttons to press for that matter. Its literally a babied Assassins Creed, theres no more complexity that the older games delivered.How about the story?Its, once again, a typical Assassins Creed story. Assassins trying to over throw Templars. Its been the same thing since the first game. Although I do hate the inturruptions between the real world and the London world, YES THAT ANNOYING MID SEQUENCE THING IS STILL THERE. Why didnt they bring back the Black Flag system beats me, it worked.Audio?The music is medicore at most, upon launching most AC games, youll instantly get drawn to the menu music. Personally, I felt that Syndicates music is a lot weaker compared to the other AC games. AC1s Credits Song, AC2s Venice Rooftops, ACB Master Assassin and even AC3s Main Theme, all of these had a lasting impact on the player because of the nature of the piece. Sadly, Syndicates music doesnt deliver that tier, the music is good, but it wont stick with you.Multiplayer?First Unity removed the AMAZING multiplayer experience started by Brotherhood. Gone were the days where you tried to assassinate another Assassin while at the same time, running away from your own Assassin / Templar.They threw in CoOp insteadThen Syndicate removed CoOp.Yep.What Multiplayer?What about the microtransactions in this game?Fk off Ubisoft.This is a slight Yes to recommending this game since it IS Assassins Creed, and it IS fun for a while at least.Pros Not Unity Its a DECENT Assassins Creed The story is alright Game is really, really well optimized Its Not Unity Did I mention its not Unity?Cons Microtransactions Dumbed down controls Medicore Soundtrack No Multiplayer Did I mention Microtransactions?