By far the best AC game since Black Flag.I wasnt expecting much from this game and to be honest, when I heard the addition of a Grapel Gun was going to be a thing I sort of thought Uhhh so, short cut the parkour element of the series? Well ok.. and had even lower hopes but in playing this game I was pleasantly surprised and as for the grappel? Youll often find you only use it in cases of emergency Such as needing to scale something quickly while persuing a fleeing targetGrpahically its pretty standard for the series but thats not a bad thing. Industrial London is absoloutely beautiful and its one of the few cities that actually feels alive in a video game. Its very heavily populated which makes from some reallly fun gameplay and exploration.Gameplay wise it is also pretty standard except theyve clearly moved as far away from the whole social stealth gimick of earlier games and just plunged head first in to full on stealth. Proper stealth is now a completely viable and worthwhile option. The parkour has been improved greatly. Navigating is really smooth and you can use the grappel gun to cross the street via zipline without ever having to break your little free running experience.Before in earlier games youd be running across rooftops then suddenly find you had no choice other than to drop on to the street. This made tailing people pretty damn annoying but in this one the grappel gun solves this problem. youre no longer forced to drop to the ground. You can remain on rooftops all sneaky like.Story wise its excellent but if you come here for the present day type story you will be dissapointed as there is very little present day story in this game Which I prefer to be honest instead it focuses solely on London in the 1800 and the adventures of Jacob and Evie.Speaking of, they are brilliant characters who contrast each other very well. Evie is quite clearly the better character of the two and I often found myself wanting to get her missions completed before I even touched jacobs. Her interactions with the other characters remind me of the way Ezio interacted with people in AC2 and thats never a bad thing. Jacob on the otherhand has a very kenway like approach to things.Its an awesome game and I highly reccomend it. Hate the whole microtransaction crap they have going on though. You dont need to engage in any of it but the fact that this story focused, single player game has microtransactions shows what kind of ery Ubisoft is trying to move toward.