After playing all the games from the Assassins creed franchise, I can tell it has come quite far over the years. Ubisoft is finally approaching towards the right path after the Unity mishaps. This game itself is quite enjoyable to play but it isnt perfect. There are many aspects that makes this game quite good, but there had been shortcomings which were not pleasant maybe theyd be avoided in the next game?. Ive listed a few things below which Id like to see in the next game, if there is one.SPOILER ALERT.ProsPerformance is quite stable in my rig.Great detailing of the architectural structures and the overall open world map.Like the idea of skill development and upgrading the gang, finance and other aspects.Good story line and characters.Fighting with the Blighters felt quite challenging at the beginning, which is good.Like the idea of new gadgets, i.e. rope launcher, voltaic bomb.Introducing fight clubs and other activities were good, but it could be better esp. the carriage racing.Like the idea of having backup from the Rooks, but there is always room for improvement in their intelligence.ConsThe story is too short! 9 sequences?! Why? It feels too abrupt.The stories of the main characters could have been developed in a much better way, again the pace is too fast! I guess no one can beat the character build up of Ezio Auditore da Firenze.More open world interactions, like getting into buildings, shops etc like in Unity. Getting into the great British structures, landmarks etc would have been good.Maybe Id like to craft the items that I actually want to use, and not craft every single thing on the menu?! Why should that matter for full synchronization of the game?!Expected the associates to be more helpful and have significant roles in the storyline than to provide schematics, rewards from petty theft etc.No present world interaction. Some previous games like Brotherhood, Black Flag had some but still it wasnt enough. It would be good to incorporate Shawn, Rebecca, Galina etc as playable characters. Plus, Id like to know more about the identity of the initiate. Why is he even helping the Assassins?Side missions felt too easy and predictable.Im not saying that the game isnt good, Im only suggesting the things that could have made my experience of playing this game even better.