Assassins Creed Syndicate is a historical actionadventure open world stealth video game developed by Ubisoft Quebec and published by Ubisoft. Set within London in 1868 during the Industrial Revolution, the story follows twins Jacob and Evie Frye as they navigate the corridors of organized crime during the Victorian era and fight against the established order, controlled by the Templars. The game retains the series thirdperson open world exploration as well as introducing new traveling systems and refined combat and stealth mechanics.Unlike its direct predecessors but like the first two main games in the series, Syndicate does not feature any multiplayer gameplay. Assassins Creed Syndicate marks the first time in the series where you can freely switch between two different protagonists. It is also the first main entry in the series to feature a playable female protagonist. Male lead Jacob Frye is meant to be more of a hotheaded brawler, specialized in close combat, while his twin sister Evie is strong in stealth and relies on her intelligence and wit.The Assassins main weapons this time around include brass knuckles, a compact revolver, a cane sword and the traditional Nepalese curved kukri knife and combat is fasterpaced than before. Additionally new travelling systems make their debut in the game, such as a rope launcher which allows the you to rappel up structures as well as create a zipline between buildings, and carriages, which can all be piloted or simply occupied by you, and trains. London in the game is approximately 30 larger than Paris in Unity and consist of seven boroughs Westminster, the Strand, the City of London, Whitechapel, the Thames, Southwark and Lambeth.Overall I think Assassins Creed Syndicate is a massive improvement and perhaps the best AC game since AC II not just because of the gameplay and the story, but also the port. It runs very smoothly and the graphics are just beautiful, I suggest you play around with the settings to get the best performance possible. It hardly has any game breaking bugs or glitches that can prevent you from being able to complete certain missions. If your getting an AC game I suggest you go for this as it will absolutely blow you away without a single doubt at all!.