UPlay is mandatory, and the service has somehow managed to regress since the days of Assassins Creed Revelations. Do not purchase any Ubisoft product from Steam to expect a reasonable experience.I am still unable to play the game as I have been locked out of my UPlay account.Edit 20171006TLDR Ubisoft account management needs work. Subjectively 3rd Best AC beneath AC Brotherhood and AC2, perhaps tied with the first game of the franchise. If you like AC and its formula, you most certainly wont be disappointed with AC Syndicate. Also, races suck. The AI cheat and you need to get lucky to win.Ubisoft support managed to unlock my Uplay/Ubisoft Account due to an issue pertaining to twofactor authorisation. Search on their forums for more information. I have since completed most of the game.Technically, this title actually managed to not be a buggy piece of unoptimised garbage like AC Unity was. Just dont expect to run it on a potato like Source games. They have managed to tame the engine, assets and AI to run at reasonable frame rates for machines that are at or above minimum system requirements.Syndicates setting of solely London serves this title well, with the focus still providing a healthy variety of architecture and landscape to freerun about and experience. Most of each section of London have their own character and feel largely realistic along with its missions and characters, which contrasts with the blandness of Unitys Paris. The Thames and train network made the world feel alive, though I find that they could certainly do more with all of the rail tracks that they put in the game.The map still contains lots of collectibles and things for you to do, but its not a clutterfest like some of the other titles and lags out your game tremendously. It serves its purpose and icon representation are mostly clear.I am glad that you dont have to be forced to pilot a vehicle like sailing in AC IV and Rogue just to travel to new locations, since I got quite sick of just how much I had to sail in IV and Rogue. The grappling hook is a great addition to the siblings arsenal in and as an alternative means of travel if you decided that carriage driving sucks. My issues with it though is that the grappling hook feels a little overpowered at times for getting away from a conflict.The freerunning system feels just like Unity, but much less buggy. There are still instances where your character doesnt do what you intend it to, but the rules of climbing and dropping are much more defined, and you will know when and what kind of architecture or obstable would bug out the freerunning, so you know to avoid getting your character into those specific spots. A frequent issue would be your character grappling hook up to the roof instead of freerunning through the window, since the control bind of those two features are shared.The cover system is fluid and is done by being in stealth mode and moving to edge of walls and objects. Its smart enough to know exactly what you want most of the time, but often the stealth movement itself doesnt allow you to position your character at the exact spot. It isnt tremendously frustrating though, as you often remain fully covered by the object from the AI actor that you are hiding from.Combat is leaps ahead of Unity. It felt like they referenced quite a bit from the Arkham series. Animation cues are much clearer and but the mechanics might have been a bit too simple. The combo system feels arbitrary and you dont get to spend your large combos to achieve satisfying results. Occasionally there are still small quirks and bugs that causes desynchronisation, which is a great source of frustration as the combat system leave you defenseless even though your control input remain consistent with all your previous successful combat instances.In Syndicate, play as either Evie or Jacob Frye, a pair of twins that were almost onedimensional characters. But because there are two of them, it remains somewhat interesting with their dynamics and how the story is driven. There are some development near the end of the main story which makes them just a little bit more interesting than their English accents and mannerisms. Who doesnt love British accents?Each time you gain a set amount of experience points awarded by performing gameplay mechanics or completing missions, you get skill points that are awarded regardless of whether you play on Evie or Jacob. i.e. If you gain ten skill points to invest in Jacobs skills, you have ten to invest in Evies own tree as well.They each have a very mildly differing skill tree a small number of exclusive high level skills for each character. With that in mind, it seems that it was designed to encourage players to skill Evie and Jacob differently, in theory allowing you to invest in very different skills for each character and choosing the correct character for the correct occasions. In practice, they differ too little and you would end up investing in the same ones that work due to the missions you prefer to do first. Later on in the game when you attain enough experience that allow you to learn every skill, the Fryes really dont play that differently. Thats not to say that the skill investment system is poor or is a bad idea, it just isnt important and doesnt add that much to the Assassinating experience.100 sync mission requirements are much less frustrating now, but feels too easy at times. I would much rather easy than frustrating, since Ubisoft does not understand the concept of difficulty or challenge, and uses frustration as a replacement.Wintory did a tremendous job for the soundtrack. Personally, I feel that this is the best AC soundtrack since Ezios time. It could use a little more variety but I loved it.Sound design is above average for an AC title. The issue of making certain dialogue lines too loud to draw attention to itself I never bought the Animus or whatever argument is much less prevalent and my ears enjoyed the game.