Assassins Creed Syndicate is by far my favourite game in the series.This review is from the perspective of an avid AC fan.GPU GTX 970, CPU i74790, RAM 16GBCurrent Playtime 54 HoursAs much as I dislike Ubisofts decision to publish a new AC game every year, this one in particular really shines as the best in a long time. The Victorian London setting brings a certain degree of comedy and sarcasm to each of the characters featured in the story. In turn this makes for an entertaining experience and leaves you begging for more.The two new Assassins fit the game perfectly and are certainly inline with the likes of Ezio and the Kenways. The brother and sister relationship between the two make for great banter and bring variaty to the gameplay. Although at times it can feel like Jacob is the prefered Assassin in the story. Both are badass and deserve another game.The game runs smoothly at a constant 60fps that is with most Nvidea Gameworks features disabled and certainly outshines the performance of Unity. There are minor bugs here are there, but nothing to distract from the game world. To put it best, its The Animus. Its not perfect by any means, however thats simply AC for you.Ubisoft are taking a step in the right direction but it is another AC game. If thats what youre after, youll love it as I have done. If youre looking for something different you may be a tad dissapointed although London does offer its own unique experience. I really hope that this amazing game isnt outshadowed by the shaky release of the previous game, Unity.Pros Victorian London Vast open city with great detail Interesting Combat Fist to Fist, Kuncle Dusters, Canes Playable Assassins Jacob and Evie Frye Interesting use of London Queen Victoria, Charles Darwin, Charles Dickens, Sherlock Holmes Outfit, Jack the Ripper Collectables Secrets of London are fun to find via Database Images Villans are truly British.. I mean... EvilCons Minor Bugs Clothing Physics 30 fps Too Easy For an experienced AC player No MultiplayerUPDATE The Jack The Ripper DLC is really something amazing. However there does seem to be a large number of performance issues around it, which is a massive shame.