Its really rare I write a review about a game, but after playing this game all the way through I was compelled to act. Not only is this game an insult to the senses in every way imaginable, the gameplay, the story, the recycled characters most notably Jacob Fry who is just a mix of Edward Kenway and that guy from Watchdogs no one remembers. The creators with Ubisoft at the helm have seemingly grown tired of anything that resembles quality or joy in their products and rather is scarily close to turning into Stalin of the game world, a position currently inhabited by their selfproclaimed enemy and biggest competitor  EA. Theyall over their users with the most notable example with Unity in which they released an unfinished product at full price, and only offering compensation several months later after a massive backlash extremely rarely seen among consumers, but forcing customers wishing to accept the peace offering that they could not anytime in the future sue Ubisoft over Unity.And with this stinking pile of garbage they have not only put together a clichefilled, gameplaybroken, lazy approach to gaming by taking the standard template they seem to just be recycling for every annual game, but they have more importantly completely forgot to optimise it after release since it after all was a much better release than Unity in that it was actually playable upon release. UBISOFT  this has been said way too many times already that it borders on customer service clich, but I have a sincere hope that there is still some good people left at your companies who believe the magic and beauty in beautifully crafted games. That games are not only a way to pass the time and shoot some bad guys, but that can enlighten and broaden ones minds and transport oneself to a different world, a different time. I must believe that is what the creators of AC 2 were embodying when they created what is, in my opinion not only the finest AC game to be released, but one of the best scifi games of this generation. You got everything right the location, the story, the gameplay, the sidemissions, the graphics, the music  and most importantly, you respected your audience in delivering something to be proud of, and something you felt your audience deserved. For those responsible for that piece of art  I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart.And to those who have become mindless robots churning out what has  UNFORTUNATELY  become a yearly tradition of  all over audiences, I will never forget, but I still have hope you will redeem yourself before this franchise finally runs out of steam. Finally, I just want direct my attention to the head of Ubisoft  Yvet Guillemot or how its spelled. You sir are responsible for what have befallen this beloved and excellent franchise, and you will ultimately have to answer to all those fans you have dissapointed time and again, and who miracelously come back for more every single year, myself being one of them, because they still have hope that the franchise might one day be great again. Chances that youll ever see this I release is close to none. But hopefully, when enough people complain and force your eyes open, you will see what you have become.I hope for that day.VERDICT 6/10