I am writing this review from the perspective of a longtime fan of the series.If you find the modern day story of the Battle between the Assassins and Templars to be the main reason why you play the games then you wont get much out of this game. This is specifically where the Ezio trilogy was at its best. It does advance the game forward slightly, but there is little interaction between the modern day story and the London of 1868. You could easily skip this game because the furthering of the modern plot can probably be summarised in a sentence. To be fair, that one sentence worth of modern story is probably the most interesting thing that has happened since the end of 3. However, its not worth playing the entire game to see what could be an interesting setup for the next games modern story.After the Ezio trilogy came the American games 3, Liberation, 4, Rogue, and these had a new focus. So while the Ezio trilogy had a thrilling modern day story, it was very poor in giving any detail as to the motivations or structure of either the Assassins or Templars. It is in the American games that the theory and philosophy and structure of the organisations is the focus. It is also in the American games that the modern story basically grinds to a halt. Syndicate continues the focus the American ones started. Syndicate does a decent job of examining the founding principles of order and freedom. However, while it does a decent job at this, it doesnt do it better than the previous games in the American stories, in my opinion. In other words, I dont feel that it added any special insight that previous games hadnt already touched on.I personally feel Assassins Creed is at its best when you start off with a protagonist who is skilled, intelligent, and wanting to make a difference. In that regard Syndicate is once again decent. The Frye twins can be described that way, but they dont have a specific overall drive that Altair, Connor, Aveline or Shay has. Though while Syndicates story is not particularly ground breaking, nor the character arcs particularly surprising, it does an excellent job of telling its story. The characters are likable, there are many light hearted moments, and many side characters have their moments too.Syndicate feel like a complete gameplay improvement. I mention here that I havent played Unity,The actual London environment is very engaging. One thing you might notice straight away is that the enemy forts are actually parts of the real environment. So while previous games usually had you infiltrating an actual fort which was specifically a military environment filled with only the military, Syndicate has you infiltrating factories and buildings with normal people going about their business. Though I should mention that while there are often people in the buildings, they dont change anything at all in terms of gameplay, except on rare occasions for use as social stealth.Building interiors are incredibly important now, rather than being basically nonexistent in earlier entries. While this is a personal feeling, London and its environs feel the most like an actual city that you are walking, and less like a parkour playground. While previous games were, arguably, realistic, your traversal of them was not. Syndicate presents a world which is more similar to the one an average person would frequent. You obviously still climb over the top of everything, but you also spend a lot of time inside buildings.The stealth system is also revamped, and it allows you to navigate these new environments. Not only can you now switch between stealth and normal walking at the press of a button, you are also once again capable of using social stealth.Other new things you can do include a new activity called kidnapping. While there are plenty of side missions where you can use this new gameplay mechanic, the great thing is that its useful outside of the side missions requiring it. You also now possess a grappling hook, which allows rapid vertical traversal of buildings. It also gives you more freedom for moving across rooftops, and provides new opportunities for aerial assassination.This game is a bit like Everything you have seen in a game The GameThe introduction of the RPG system is decidedly odd, in my opinion. Each area of London is tied to a level. This means the enemies in the area are usually that level, and all the side missions in that areas are also that level. This means that you are somewhat restricted in what order you progress across the open world. In previous games, and in all open world games, I personally would always do the side missions in whatever order I felt like, and would do the main missions when I felt like it. While you are not actually restricted from over levelling, it would probably serve to make the game too easy.There is no story reason to restrict the order in which you do the missions. The majority of side missions contain no story, and the ones that do dont seem to contain anything that could contradict any other if done in a different order. If you do follow the intended order you reach a point towards the end of the game where you have to do a whole lot of story missions in a row because they are all set at a level that no area in the game has its missions set at.There are now horse drawn carriages that operate a lot like cars. You can get on top of them and fight, and you can even jump between rooftops of two moving carriages. You dont particularly use the carriage in any interesting way outside of the missions, but where they are used they are used well.The combat and feels a bit more like the Batman Arkham games. I personally hate the combat in Batman, but this moves a lot faster and I kind of like it. It feels a bit more open than previous games, but you dont have sword fighting any more as its more brawling.You have the ability to knock people out now if you take them out from behind and before they notice you. This is actually a nonviolent method of taking people out. Functionally it is the same as killing someone, but it feels good to have it. It is harder than killing, and necessary to achieve some extra objectives.The assassination missions are well designed because they provide flexibility in approach. And they also include a couple of side objectives that need to be accomplished before having the opportunity for assassination. They do a good job of providing a couple of specific challenges that you have gameplay freedom to achieve.The extra objectives are also well designed. They are nearly always something that provides an actual extra challenge that can be overcome by skill. There were a couple that are based on things outside of your control, but there are far fewer of these times than there usually is in this series.Assassins Creed Syndicate has many little references and nods to previous games, though most of them are quite inconsequential.I recommend this game. The gameplay is full of welldesigned mechanics. The London environment feels like its full of life and Is full of little details. The story is decent. And while the story doesnt particularly surpass in any area what any other game in the series has done, it feels well balanced and youll probably find something to like about it.P.S while I do think this game is very good, Im not sure if I will buy the next one because it doesnt seem to be moving in either of the story directions I mentioned. It doesnt really advance the modern story, and it doesnt really describe in any more detail the philosophy and motivation of the Assassins and Templars. I bought this because Rogue impressed me. This game doesnt particularly interest me in the next one. 