In first 98 minutes at first could only see a third of the screen, had to wait through cutscenes to get to actual gameplay to change size fixed, set to lowest graphics settings to achieve decent frame rate using gaming laptop a few years old threw knives at peoples faces. punched people in faces. good times you can pick people up again! carried first guards body throughout entire second mission tried to pick someone up on a train, dont even know how this happened finished mission, yay me. starting title, etc. begins crashes. was done playing anyway / started playing the next day, unsure if I would have to redo mission spawned in buttfck nowhere. No markers, no missions, no enemies. Just a train track and some buildings decided to roam around go into forest. can walk through trees and giant boulders. wtf find more buttfck nowhere train tracks and buildings fall of edge of map, do weird falling arm windmills like its the 1920s. maybe Ill respawn and it will be back to normal back at buttfck nowhere train tracks and buildings. Getting annoyed go in opposite direction. more of the same find house half off the edge of the map. climb. jump off, die. back at buttfck nowhere train tracks and buildings continue to do this until I rage quit and write review10/10. would spawn in buttfck nowhere and pick people up with 1 hand againUpdate had to restart game, just about an hour of game time lost though, skipped scenes doing well, reached sequence 4. Lots of grappling. not as good as Just Cause 2 but its the past so meh game crashes when I get to close to this building. Guy is hiding in there who I need to kidnap to complete mission have had to think outside the box to find ways of getting him out without the game crashing its hard yostill 10/10, enjoying challengeUpdate 2 managed to complete missionstep 1 get gang slaves to attack guards blocking doorstep 2 find more gang slaves since the guards killed them swiftlystep 3 give up and shoot them at rangestep 4 throw smoke bombs into building until required person runs in the direction of unguarded doorstep 5 kidnap him begin next mission crashes game now crashes after start screen, during walking in fancy pillar land clearly I have impressed the developers with my crashavoidance skills and they have upped the anti10/10, impressed by the increased difficulty compared to previous AC gamesUpdate 3 began using the Customer Support extension sent them required information the broader range of gameplay is welcoming for Assassins Creed games 1 month passes finally a longer story line they reply clear ur temp files n sheet not word for word crashes in same spot truly a challenging game, Ubisoft have out done themselves waiting for nerf10/10, would highly recommend for those wanting a challenge and unique gameplayUpdate 4 almost 3 months pass new update finally nerfed, but just the Jack the Ripper mode it all makes sense, Jack the RIpper is an anagram for Jerk Tip He Crap they had some weird poop fetish about making their latest game too hard finally start playing again gotta talk to some ho get inside building 2 guards in the way distract one with second ho throw knife at second guards head desynchronized for not being sneaky enough no one even noticed walk up to her instead oh yeah thats real sneaky what a surprise, the fuzz notices gotta chase them down in high speed chase throw more knives, their driver dies carriage out of control people screaming and horses getting run over a second enemy carriage doesnt notice so now its sneaky, sure gotta go kill head ho too bored10/10, The boredom tactics make the story last much longerUpdate 5 have nothing better to do continue mission ho dies, no stealth required next mission it has happened again game crashes when I enter required area just when I thought theyd nerfed it, they throw this in my face tried multiple angles seems to crash when I cross a certian line on the map have to investigate there, no spooking enemies like last time10/10, Keeps getting harder, tactics getting more complexUpdate 6 1 year since first reviewed finally admit this game is too hard for me to top it off, computer was lining up its shot at the bucket fck it, buy the New PC dlc easy af from there doesnt even crash all I do now is left click things sometimes e finished game finish other dlc missions try to find something else to do have idea find corner of map aim my gun at strangers herd them into the corner herd more people pushing and shoving gets glitchy frame rate starts to drop herd more people most of road covered people start getting pushed in the air lots of ragdoll spasming some people stuck in ground suddenly they all go flying raining civilians across London10/10, halleluiah its raining men 