Its not a terrible game, but it definitely did not mark a real positive veering to get back on the right track after the disaster that was Unity.CONSTheres just a few issues with the game that for me point to it being a suppar game, especially when compared to other games in the seriesLaziness regarding worldrefinement One of the most striking examples of laziness in the game are the guard sentry boxes that youll see at Buckingham Palace, Wellington Barracks, etc. If you look at the top of the box, if your facing the front, you will see the insignia EIIR which is the royal insignia for Queen Elizabeth the second. It baffles me how this even made it into the game. Ubisoft got the it right for post boxes, giving them the VR insignia, Queen Victorias. Anyways, point stands that it was a very lazy mistake, that could have easily been avoided.The game just crams in every historical figure that was around at the time and suggests almost no conflict of interests.Oh Yes, Karl Marx, I shall escort you to your trade union, not until after I finish an odd job for Queen victoria though.This seriously damages the dramatic value of the game. If the protagonist is just a yesman for every missiongiver then the game seriously just becomes Historical Figure Hunter 5. Even Assassins Creed 3 had Connor standing up to allies like Washington, Samuel Adams, etc, and it made for an interesting story by casting scrutiny on colossal figures in history.Syndicate has reverted back to the old style of Templar, the textbook MoustacheTwiddling villain who is unmistakably evil. This made for a really watered down plot. Ending was terrible.Rope Launcher ruining what was half of the fun in the first few games of the series.Okay, I feel bad so I will highlight some of the PROSCombat is  more challenging challenging, thought lack of weapon choice being limited to 3 types of melee weapon does make it dull. Though I guess it wouldnt be historically accurate to travel around with a large heavy axe in 1868.