Assassins Creed Syndicate, the game everyone was afraid to buy because of the godawful game known as AC Unity... and after it came out 2 years ago... people still didnt like it, in fact people started to say the AC franchise was dead after it came out thankfully Origins saved that but lets see why exactly people hated it so much.The story is about Jacob and Evie Frye, two assassins who go to London to stop Crawford Starrick from oppressing the people of London with gangs and child labour. They meet an Indian Assassin called Henry Green, who takes Evie to the Kenway mansion where they find out that Edward had found an artifact during his days as an Assassin called The Shroud of Eden which Crawford Starrick is also looking for. That makes me wonder... why didnt we just get another game about Edward finding it... making it useful to the series? instead of a pointless game like Unity or Rogue? this plot happens all because of Edward and theres no real lead up to it so... okay then. Using the key and map that Edward left, Evie finds the shroud, but loses it to a Templar called Lucy Thorne. Some random  happens, you kill people, start a gang, meet a dog called Desmond haha funny and then at some point Ubisoft decide to stop the story and tell you to liberate certain areas of London before proceeding with the story. What away to increase game time. In AC Brotherhood did you have to take town all the Borgia towers before proceeding with the story? no. In AC4 were you stopped to be told to take down all the forts and legendary ships before going into the Observatory? no. So why do it here? these should be optional. You dont have to take them all down but its bloody annoying anyway. It slows down the game and its just boring. After doing this youll finally face off Starrick, kill him and then the game ends. Theres a lot of issues with this story, while I do like how its not trying to be too serious like Unity and just have a simple story, its too simple. Who are Evie and Jacob? whats their backstory? whos Starrick? in the intro Henry Green describes him as ruthless as Reginald Birch the guy who killed Edward Kenway and honestly, I dont see that. In fact during the entire game you barely see him, hes in a couple of cutscenes sitting behind a desk. Whoopdedoo. Honestly they try to make him out as this huge evil villain but hes just not, hes not interesting, the Frye twins arent interesting, nothing is. The story is just forgettable, nothing that pisses me off like Unity did, but just forgettable.The gameplay, I have a serious issue with and I know so many others did too. Why the actual  do you have a GRAPPLING GUN like this isnt Batman Arkham City, we dont need to go around doing that. Remember the good old days of climbing up huge towers as Altair, Ezio, Connor, Edward and all those guys? yeah those days are gone. Welcome to Batman Arkham City Victorian London edition. Theres seriously no need to parkour anymore in this game. Its not like its optional either, the city is built for you to grapple across. Thats another thing, the city is boring and dull, I mean maybe thats because I live in England so I dont find it interesting but even then, its just not fun at all. Its more lively than AC Unitys cities. Thats for sure, but its nowhere near as good as Firenze or Rome or the West Indies. Also the combat is absolute its not unfair like in AC Unity but they decided to try out a hack n slash type of combat. This isnt Samurai Warriors, this is Assassins Creed. I want to just counter and kill, not mash the X button to kill someone. Thankfully almost every problem in AC Syndicate is fixed in Origins.The PC port... well I have a 1080ti, i7 6700 and 32gb ram and it runs at like 90fps... which isnt really the best considering that AC Origins runs with like 3040 higher frames than that. This was back when Ubisoft wanted you to have the bestpossible to run it well.Also the music is forgettable in this game too. A lot of violins, which does fit the Victorian era but its nothing catchy and every track sounds the same, also they reused Ezios theme again... obviously...With forgettable characters, a mediocre and forgettable story, music that isnt really good, this AC game just sucks, its not fun, its not bad either. Its just sort of there, if theres a game like AC Syndicate that I could recommend, its the Batman Arkham games... or actually yknow what? just get a different Assassins Creed game. AC1, 2, Brotherhood, Revelations, 3, Black Flag and Origins handle stuff in this game far better. Dont bother with this game, Unity or Rogue.