Im sort of a fan of the series... I guess... Now hear me ramble...The first game, was amazing, with never before seen freedom of movement, it looked fantastic and the concept was very original. Yet the game felt like a... proof of concept, fantastic for a demo, but I wasnt ever on the edge of my seat... It turned out to be quite repetitive and only had a mediocre story. Still... I completed it, searched for all the damned flags... I dont know why, but I did.The second game, was groundbreaking in its own way, but the story was again quite superficial and the Desmond storyline already started to annoy me. I got tired of the first civilization, the pieces of Eden, all that stuff. Finished it and finished Brotherhood and Revelations as well, just to be sure I got everything out of Ezio.AC3 was a bit less enjoyable. It was getting prettier and the controls became a bit more refined and a few new additions made it worth playing. The main problem was again the story... especially the Desmond stuff...Black flag certainly made waves... har. Sailing the Caribbean and plundering ships, was really fun at first, but after a few hours this also became quite repetitive, this sadly is no Sea Dogs. The story was mediocre again, Kenway was superficial and clich, but a welcome improvement to AC3, I must say... No Desmond storyline anymore... sort of... exiting the Animus however was annoying yet again. Still, the pirating made the AC series feel more interesting again. I must say that battling the legendary ships was pretty fun!After the black flag... the black sheep... Unity... and yet... for some reason this really capture my attention. I didnt have any bugs, no technical problems and a DLC for free, so I didnt have reasons to complain. I think it still looks amazing, much better than Syndicate for some reason... And as a plus, outside of the Animus, there was little to nothing to be done, great! The piece of Eden crap was also less intrusive and apart from making the rest of the game very easy, it didnt really have that much of a negative effect on my experience. The facial animation was sublime, the mocap worked like a charm and the actors could really have supplied this game with a boost... if only the story and the dialogues were any good. Sigh... Another wasted opportunity... Ill come back to this game when the DLC gets cheaper. I really dont want to spend more money on a few more generic missions, but Id like to spend more time in that gorgeous city... Oh and I wished one of my Steam friends had played it cause the coop missions are a blast with good players!Frakking Syndicate... Ive completed 7 AC games with mixed feelings... still I would prefer to rant about this game than to play it... bad sign. The story is... absent... isnt it? Characters are paper thin they dont have any motivation, their dialogue is stupid, etc... Oh... I did like that top hat...There was no need for technical innovation in this game, Unity is gorgeous, the engine proved to work... well... after a few updates... Theres no change in game mechanics Unitys were sublime... Did they spend that production money on the same brilliant art direction? Syndicate looks artistically less refined than Unity... so I guess not. Yes they built a new city... great... but Paris looked more impressive, much more detailed and more diverse... so where did the money go? Story? Nope... Level design? From what I can tell so far Hell no... Oh yeah... the carriages... that must have set them back a few pennies...sighIts likely Ubisofts way to get some of the money from Unity back... no innovation, no big investments this time maybe they really only worked on it for a year... Unity probably cost a hell of a lot of money 150 million and had a disappointing release still in my opinion it was at least technically as much a milestone as 1, 2 and 4. Syndicate... isnt at all. But if Ubisoft released this to cover some losses, all fine by me. But I just wished they spent a bit more attention on story and character development... Just imagine what could be done in this period... Of course... then I remember friends of mine saying they dont really watch the cinematics... dont really care about the story... etc... the main audience will be happy with the action, so no matter what city AC is set in, it will sell... so why invest more... ?Im not happy about that though... it has SO much potential... the framework is close to perfect! The writers and director from say The last of us would make this game a juggernaut!Sigh...  I hope they rearrange their priorities a little bit... Make it a more story centric game... they could still push in as much free running as they want... I especially hope the next AC game doesnt have anything to do with the pieces of Eden... Why not simply use the Animus technology to get first hand accounts of important historical events and sell it as historical adventures? I just hope they get the story problems solved before they ever make Assassins Creed Japan. Because not making it, would be less damaging to me than making a bad one. Maybe Ill try to get a job there actively work at the problem for a change Im sure the movie will have a fantastic screenplay... frak.