EDIT What the hell... Launched the game, it goes directly 4k introplaying in low settings without asking anything, but when I say 4k I must say into a 1920 image so we saw only one quarter of the screen... obliged to do altenter, change settings and reboot the game to go full hdultra high.40 fps no drop... with a 980Gtx 12GB of RAM ok...  but... on each pictures there is alot of texture bug if you keep the MFAA option ON on nvidias panel. So to be able to play you have to remove the MFAA option. If not, some building the first one we have to go up to will not be displayed at all, and some terrain texture or wall texture will be transparent or sipmply buggy scanlines...Have they only tested their game before puttig it online? I doubt it it...Also there is a huge FPS drop rate every time the camera is moving from side to side.I ma also playing in french. The voice acting is not bad, but the mobs voice acting is in english while the reste of the voices are in french there for that limit a lot the possibilites of immersion fror french people and certainly foor others too.The keyboard is totally useless as it breaks the smoothness of the movements of our caracter imagined for a console with analogic stickThe gameplay is way to easy to dodge now, every time a punch or a firearm is used against you will have a notice with a big letter to hit being then able to dodge everything.Right now I am not sure the game is worth its 60 euros but as I have not finished the scenario  yet.EDIT 2 with gamepad So, this second part is the final review for the introduction, after having issues with nvidia MFAA, keyboard/camera/fps issues. I have now tested with a gamepad and the game finally give all what it had to give in the first hour of gameplay.Now with a gamepad the camera is correctly sync, no more fps drop, all fine. the action is quite repetitive but it is the start of the game so...  I have not seen much of the game yet but still it is pleasant to play. My favorite aspect of the game is behing able to play as a woman.  It is much more classy ... 