I think I am beginning to get sick of Assassins Creed. Yearly release after yearly release really starts to drain on a man, and while I have only started since AC4, playing all major releases and Rogue since then, the fatigue is starting to kick in for me. Dont get me wrong, it is not as bad as Call of Duty, it is hard as hell to get as bad as Call of Duty, and they are taking a break in 2016 to develop things more, but the basic gameplay mechanics carrying over and over again with not much change is very CoD like. Regardless of that, though, I still played through the latest game, Assassins Creed Syndicate, and finished it through. So what did I think of it? Lets take a look.STORY There are two stories in here, so first were going to look at the story we actually care about. You play as both Evie and Jacob Frie, two assassins and siblings who, after getting fed up with their assassin bretherin, go to London to liberate it from the Templars and their local leader, Crawford Starrick. The story is the usual AC type deal you have historical figures you come across and you take part in some historical events int he game. Its fine enough, and while for the first two or three chapters I did not care too much, I do have to admit that later on I got back into it. The other story is the same modern day t, and I do have to admit, it is just horribly boring and it takes you out of the good atmosphere the game puts you into. At least back in AC4 and Rogue youre only taken out every 4 or 5 sequences and you got some fun things to do, here youre taken out at least every other sequence, sometimes sooner, and there arent even any of the cool hacking minigames. I hope that next time you can just get the option to disable the other story so I can just play the main story.GAMEPLAY Just like every previous AC game in the past, namely Unity. If you dont know Assassins Creed gameplay by now, I guess Ill sum it up parkour, assassinations, kind of stealth. They did take out the lockpicking minigame from Unity, which I kind of miss. Instead they added a new grappling hook, which is kind of neat to mess around with. There still is no ship gameplay back in the game and combat still doesnt feel as fluent as it did back in AC4, though it feels a bit better than Unity did, though I dont mind too much I suppose.GRAPHICS, SETTING, AND PERFORMANCE London looks lovely, I have to say. I remember Unitys Paris looking a bit better, but London still looks very nice. Performance was also pretty stable as well, stayed around 5060, mostly to the higher end of that, and there werent too many glitches in game. The setting of Victorian London is cool as well, you can go to monuments like Buckingham Palace and Big Ben, which is always neat, and it looks and feels like London wouldve felt like.CHARACTERS AND VOICE ACTING Evie and Jacob are alright enough. Jacob first came off as an idiot and Evie came off as a but after a while I started to like the both of them. You come across some historical figures as always, like Charles Dickens, Charles Darwin, Karl Marx, Queen Victoria, and some more, and it is cool as always to see people like them. Voice acting is top notch as always, and at least here the accents match.SIDE ACTIVITIES There are a bunch of collectibles across the city that most dont care about. There are also some side activities where you can help liberate disticts by killing or kidnapping Templar figures or freeing children workers. I did these to a point but eventually I got bored of them and ignored them. There are some side missions with main historical figures as well, but I didnt do too much about these.FINAL THOUGHTS Its alright. Its Assassins Creed, I guess you cant expect too much unless there will be ship combat, but thats alright. 7.5/10, Id grab it if you like Assassins Creed and you dont care that its the same as the last. If youre new to the series, Id recommend picking up AC4 or AC Rogue, both are good and they have badass ship combat. This is a decent pick Id say, though, and if the time period interests you, I say go for it. 