Ill simply go positives and negatives, its not that different from previous installments of the seriesPositives Mechanics where undumbed, space goes up, E goes down, nothing goes ahead, lots less random escalating when bumping on walls, no idiotic standing jump. Still very hard to suicide, but sadly thats how its being done nowadays and they have to sell... Evie Frye. Evie Frye. Hide in plain sight. Victorian era story was very nice. Rope dart cuts a bit of the boring scalating without braking the game, no more of that ACRogue white stones Fear mechanics on Jack the Ripper where well tought. And the s worked very well and helped a lot. Knives are better than guns.... I mean, Evie Frye. Evie Frye is the main on JtR, Evie Frye can be used on most of the Last Maharaja missions. Evie Frye dont die, nor does Clara oDea. I would kill someone if another lise happened.Negatives Modern day history was , boring, dumb, and idiot. They show us an awesome modern day russian assassin and DONT LET US PLAY WITH HER????!!!!!!!! not in that way, you understood Seriously, why? Coudnt be that hard. Lots of other problems, but this one overshadows all of them. Man, I hope she is the next game. No coop, probably would have been too much, but it would be nice to have Jacob and Evie at the same time . Jack the Ripper and Last Maharaja where obviously make by a different or excessively smaller team, and one that did not know the whole of the game mechanics. Evies advanced skills / hide in plain sight, chariots and Rooks mainly, they break a lot these campaigns and by break a dont mean the get too easy, I mean they dont work and you have to work around it or reset the mission or sometimes the game. More about the badly made DLCs, On Jack the Ripper some regular game skills are taken away from Evie, some others added, and you have a whole new skill tree,but at no point the game tells us which ones still work and which ones dont, so you have to test one by one on your own. Fear mechanics are utterly unecessary to complete the Jack the Ripper campaign, except for having 100 sync side quests.