Erik Kain  said it better than I could ever expressAssassins Creed Syndicate Doesnt Fix The Series Biggest Problem...Im talking about the combat. Theres no beating around the bush here. No softening the blow. Combat in Assassins Creed is a miserable, tedious affair. As much as I love running across rooftops and scaling towers and just feeling like a badass assassin, I just cant get over how lame the combat remains after all these years.I realize it probably hasnt changed much because Ubisoft sees Assassins Creed as its big, annual cashcow. Why fix it if it aint broke? But thats a dangerous mentality. People will start losing enthusiasm over a series that comes out every year when all that changes, in any meaningful way, is the setting.With games like Middleearth Shadow of Mordor out now, which borrows some from the Assassins Creed formula but improves exponentially on its combat system, theres really only so long that Ubisoft can continue putting off a combat overhaul.And if the publisher/developer is worried that more casual fans would be putoff by a more demanding and engaging combat system, they could easily have difficulty modes like many other games though this risks making the hard mode just frustrating rather than hard.I just imagine an Assassins Creed, with its big, beautiful open world, pared with the combat of Shadow of Mordor or Dark Souls, and my heart weeps. Because as I play Syndicate I just cant get over how easy and boring the combat is, how lacking the enemy variety is, and what a shame and waste that is for gamers and the games designers alike.Time to shake things up. Time to really make a change with this franchise. The only game in the series Ive seriously enjoyed in years was Black Flaga truly wonderful pirate game. But even that entry could have benefited greatly from combat that was as compelling as its ships and setting.Maybe next year? While lots of high scores might assuage any doubts Ubisoft has about the franchise, I cant help but see interest waning from down here at ground level. Certainly I cant see how such high scores are even being given out to a game that has been widely critiqued for the same failures yearoveryear.Even just fixing combat would probably make critics go crazy with hype. The reward is worth the gamble.