TLDR I had more fun playing makeshift frogger in the thamesNow for some reason my save got randomly deleted so I may seem a little angry at this game.So...AC Syndicate, does it bring back the franchise? I think in some ways it shows its stepping in the right direction. But here is what I think is good and horrid cause there is no bad with this bloody thing.PROSIt looks decentIt plays wellgrappling hook is ok with leave that for later...Shaun and Rebecca look decent?Setting is okYou can play frogger in The Thames which is better than the game...is that a con?Small problemsStill glitchy but not Unity bad, Couple npcs glitch out.CONSYour main characters are a brother who is ok but boring, and a sister that trys to  every man you meet in the story.Combat....OH COMBAT...All combat is either bs or boring af. There are these gang wars where you can have a 1v1 with the leader, but you see its broken because you can spam attack and parry every once in a while. IT BREAKS THE COMBAT SYSTEM ENTIRLY!! !The grappling hook is a cool feature but you remember when you would climb the coleseum and it was so satisfying to do that? Well with the press of a button you say  YOU and you ruin the parkour majorly when you could just zipline everywhere. OH AND BTW most of the time when you fire it at a building you will end of firing backwards into a spot you didnt want to be in!The parkour is very good. its still ruined by the hook but there is a very questionable design choice. Why is there a parkour UP button? I dont see a reason for it besides....well I dont see a reason for it!The game has very little finishers which I have a problem with, it makes combat even more boring!The shops have absolutely nothing to do besides double tab A I use a 360 controler btw and then hit B. YOU CARRY A IN STORE, WORKBENCH, AND CLOSET WITH YOU SOMEHOW!! !You can be in god at level 6 lvl 10 is max. There are gang  upgrades and you can have most of them really early. You can poison their well lowering hp, dull their blades worse weapons, kill their repairmenworse carts, and tamper with their gunpowder and have it miss or blow up in the face...This game is broken. I BECAME LEVEL 9 BEFORE FINSIHING SEQUENCE 4!! !Does this save the franchise...no...they need to make some BIG choices before they make another in game. GO BUY METAL GEAR SOLID V WITH THAT MONEY! GET IN DYING LIGHT!Stay away from this game.Rating 3/10 