So, Im going to write a fairly indepth review of the game but focus mostly on the plot.The game feels good. Youve got a neat little grapple tool that functions much like Batmans in the Arkham games, though you cant use Syndicates unless youve got both feet down so it can ge tricky to get it going. They finally got stealth perfect by having a dedicated button that swaps between stealth mode and what I call Imma kill a  mode. Assassinations are fun and actually have multiple opportunities now, allowing more freedom. Hell, the entire theme of the game is freedom. Its less linear than previous AC games. It just basically says heres your tools, heres what you must do to upgrade them, heres whats wrong in London. GO! and the ability to plot your own course leads to some relatively fun stuff, although can cause plotholes once in awhile. Speaking of the plot...The main characters are Jacob and Evie Frye, twin assassins. Primarily, I appreciate the fact that they are assassins right at the start of the game. Out of the now 7 main games, this only the Fourth that doesnt have a large portion absorbed by how your new protagonist became part of the Assassins, and the first to boast that within the last 4 releases. The Fryes have a very takecharge attitude. After the first mission, they decide to leave their mentor and go rescue London, with different ends. Jacob starts a necessaryevil type of gang called the Rooks, which is used mainly to screw over the Templarowned gang called the Blighters. Meanwhile, Evie focuses on more Assassin stuff such as this games Macguffin. They have very different styles of doing things, and while their banter is great early in the game, they spend very little time together after and all interactions are hostile. I want to like these main characters, and I did at first, but they went from being arguably the most incontrol of our own paths characters in the series to actually incompotent later on. Midway through the game theres a decent plot twist. My problem is it results in the games main villain more on him in a bit and the person that has most recently ed over Jacob both in the same room, totally vulnerable. Rather than running in and stabbing them, or even poking his gun through the huge hole he was watching through, Jacob lets them both go without making his presence known so he could get revenge on the doublecrosser later. That made me legit angry. Because of his pettiness, the game is actually twice as long. They talk about Jacobs character flaws alot, and this one is glossed over. Evie and Jacob also spend several missions talking about how Feelings can never interfere with the objective but then she lets them do just that a few missions later. That brings us to.....This game portrays the Assassin thing as very blackandwhite. Its no longer simply just You killed this chapters antagonist, good job! but early in the following chapters you see the effects of this persons removal and how these high up people just disappearing can cause huge amounts of trouble. They dont handle it terribly well thoughSequences 5 to 8 I believe of a 9 sequence game can be summarized with the followingEvie and Jacob go on adventures, Jacob kills somebody to end the sequence, then Evie spends the first bit of the next sequence dealing with the reprocussions while Jacob does more adventure. They make this big deal about how really all of Jacobs major kills endanger London. Theres even this exact conversationCharacter One England is doomed!Evie What if I put these plates in here to fix it?Character one Thatll help slightly...Evie THEN ENGLAND IS SAVED!It becomes an annoyance, really. Every time Jacob scores a Templar kill, which he is supposed to do as an Assassin, Evie cleans up the mess it makes within one mission afterwards. Roughly half the games plot is spent on Evie growing increasingly annoyed with Jacobs lack of foresight, but the issues are she cleans it up so effortlessly and then its never mentioned again. On top of that, he is actually killing templars. Of the 9 major templar kills in the game, Jacob scores 7 and shares the final with Evie. Evie spends the game searching for the Macguffin, but she never makes any real progress until Sequence 6 of 9 or so. She spends a large portion of the gameat Jacob for detracting from her search but even when actively on it she doesnt accomplish much. Also, the game has a problem with this whole Cleaning up after Jacob is taking so much of her time thing. Jacob has all of his own missions, then still has the time to show up in a few of Evies, even being an active supporter in a few of them. You cant talk about how one protagonist has little time to complete her objective and clean up after the other when the other protagonist uses the same amount of time to eliminate major players, run a gang, and still show up to assist her. The reason they finally reconcile at the end of the game is because they both stab the main villain at the same time. Not even joking. After entire sequences of them becoming enemies, them doing the very thing they showed up in London to do fixes it. It just seems very shoehorned in because we need our happy ending.I absolutely love this villain. Hes the most human and natural one weve seen in any AC game. Period. We actually see him after every major move the protagonists make. We see him mourn his closest allies when they fall, like he actually cares about them as friends. We see him become angry when critical blows to his organization are struck. We see him celebrate the few occassions things go well. When inflation hits and his soldiers are no longer making enough to get by, he actually gives them raises. He makes you rethink the black and white view the Templars have in previous games.This game has a few glaring plot holes