REVIEW IS NOT YET COMPLETED. DONT HATE.THIS GAME IS GOOD, NOT GREAT.As a long time fan of this franchise, I can honestly say that THIS is the first step in the right direction that Ive seen in a long time.  After the complete bombfest that was Unity and the Assassins Creed Movie, this game is what we as a fan base needed.  Something different, yet fimiliar is the perfect recepie for a great revival of a franchise, and thats exactly what this is.  I do have a few negatives and Ill get to those in a few, but for now, heres what Assassins Creed Syndicate got right.  By the way, Ive played a LOT of hours on this game, so theres gonna be some spoilers...Jacob and Evie Frye are an excellent, refreshing combo that people will love for years to come.  Their brothersister chemestry is on point, with the banter and smartass remarks feeding off eachother more and more as the game goes on.  Their bond is very believable and wellwritten, and honestly, I couldnt get enough of it.  Jacob would often jab with one liners to start and Evie would end up outsmarting him with a quip of her own.  Very comical and it definetly worked.London is beautiful, which at this point in the series isnt saying much, because EVERY world you play in in this series as of late has been remarkably and expertly crafted with character and it definetly has a life of its own.  The lush blows in the wind, the bands play their tunes and its really easy to just get lost in the big city and look around at everything and see how beautiful and well detailed everything is.  The designers definetly captured what it meant to be a citizen of London at this time in history, and I didnt hate any of it!The story, while predictable at times, was really well done too!  Greeny, as I will forever know him, was a helpful and excellent mentorish character, and a great companion.  People might say its a little unorthodox that the twins crossed paths with the queen, but then again Ezio was buddy buddy with Leonardo DiVinci, so stfu.  All the Assassins run into extremely imprtant historical figures at some point in the game, deal with it.  Evie definetly had the better story of the two, in my opinion, because she was more interested in delving into the history of the Assassins, and recovering relics from the past and gaining a greater understanding for what it really meant to be an Assassin.  Jacob was more the shoot first ask questions later type.  Well, not literally, he definetly has a heart of gold, but he was definetly the more brash of the twins, which leads me to my next point...The skill system was a welcomed addition in my opinion and well integrated into the game.  You could choose to make your Rooks better or your own character first!  Really it was a nice addition to play your own way, even though the additions werent HUGE.  The thing I like the best about this though was the fact that Evie and Jacob are definetly different, so their skills reflect that!  Jacob is more the beat the crap out of people type, where Evie is more designed to be used for stealth, even if her invisibility is a tad over powered at certain times, but its supposed to be, because its one of the hardest things to unlock in the game.  And I loved how you could seemlessly switch between the two.  Definetly an excellent touch.2 unnessicary additions that were AMAZINGAnd now onto the negatives, and my dear Lord, theres a lot of them.  Im gonna be honest, I love this series.  Hell, Ill go as far as saying I love this game, but it is definetly far from perfect.  And honestly, what game really is?  I just really love Assassins Creed, and if being critical of it will someday somehow help future installments in the series, Id say my two cents is worth it!  So heres my two cents...Crawford Starrick.  What a name.  Hes definetly a menacing looking villian and that mustache is on point, but did we really hate him?  Yeah he was running an undergound empire and killing people but did we actually care?  I mean Greeny did and you definetly knew the Frye twins did, but did we as the players of the game actually hate him?  Honestly I didnt care for him a ton as the main bad guy.  I think itd be better if Bella Thorne was the main bad guy, and she killed Starrick/left him for dead at the hands of the Assassins only to take over in his palce.  It would be very hard on Jacob, since she tricked him into helping her at one point.  That was a good plot twist!  But I cant help but think of that as a missed opprotunity.The overall lack of connection to other Assassins Creed games was painful to me.  Yes, we did get to explore the home of Edward Kenway, where Haytham played as a child and even Evie was very excited by it in the game and so was I!  But there was hardly any mention of other Assassin history throughout the whole game!  I mean cmon guys, theres literally hundreds of years worth of history and they go back even further if you want to talk about Minerva and Those Who Came Before.