I enjoyed this thoroughly. Excellent story, interest and challenging missions  from various conquering activities to the extremely enjoyable Dreadful Crimes. The twins are very different which leads to very different experiences depending on who you are playing. Almost every mission can be completed however you like  subtle or loud  and there is enormous variety in the locales, using people or the environment itself to your advantage, that the choices for how to complete each is endless. This game offers a great deal of freedom to play as you like, which I thoroughly approve of.I also enjoy how many of the buildings are accessible  many buildings are just open and you can explore as much as you want  e.g. this includes Buckingham Palace.The gang mechanic is excellent with a large variety of upgrades which mean you can recruit your gang members and issue orders.There are some very unusual questlines  help Charles Dickens solve supernatural mysteries, help Darwin defend evolution, help Marx with worker rights etc. You meet a list of familiar names including Queen Victoria and Arthur Conan Doyle. Very entertaining.Traversing London is a joy  go by the charming carriages or go via the rooftops with the excellent zipline. London is a delight  just beautiful with an enormous amount of places to explore. The entire game is just beautiful but London proves an exceptional backdrop  so varied, everything from ugly factories to sprawling parks.My only mild complaint is the stealth is sticky stealth, as in you automatically stick to any vertical object you are near which can be frustrating  try creeping down a hallway, avoiding guards and constantly having to unstick yourself from the wall. Its a minor gripe and isnt enough to get in the way most of the time.It does have some minor glitches, I only had three which were severe but a restart cleared all of them. The others were very minor visual glitches, e.g. someone sitting on a bench but a few feet too far forward.The game is extremely enjoyable and doesnt outstay its welcome  there is plenty to do but most of it is optional and you can play as much or as little as you want. The modern day sections are short but interesting, rather focused on the much more interesting historical sections.Theres even a fascinating World War I section where you play as a descendent of the Fryes. This actually gives you a lot of information about the precursor race, straight from the horses mouth.All in all, excellent. This was my first Assassins Creed game and I enjoyed it enough that I will play the other games in the series.