Assassins Creed Syndicate follows the AC formula but in a much more refined way than ever before.I think I can best explain what I mean by giving an example a mission tasks me with assassinating the foreman of a sweat shop. I enter through a window on the top story and hide up in the rafters to examine the situation. I see the foreman on one side of the floor below me and two enemies on the other side. There are some barrels hanging from the rafters that Im on top of that I can drop on an unsuspecting enemy or foreman in particular. Now as a long time AC fan I expect the foremans patrol route to take him right under those barrels very convenient. So I wait there for him to walk under me, but he never does. His patrol route takes him very close to assassination range, but not quite close enough. So for the first time in an AC game I have to use my brain. I shoot his henchmen on the other side of the room with a hallucination dart that sends him into a rage against the other enemies and the foreman comes to check him out. Before he can get all the way across the room, I cut the ropes on the barrels and complete the mission. This assassination puzzle isnt a huge difference but it makes the game so much more enjoyable. In the other games each mission was like a connectthedots picture where they already connected most of the dots and let you put in the last one or two. Im not saying the system in Syndicate is perfect its not too hard to figure out how to get the foreman under the barrels, but at least its not like Im waiting in some bush for the target to walk into that specific bush right when no one is looking. The system can be improved upon but it does make every assassination feel more like a puzzle and if Ubisoft continues with that pattern I think we can expect some much better games in the future.It wouldve been nice to get something new and exciting in Syndicate like sailing in Black Flag, hunting in AC3, or the brotherhood from Brotherhood. The grappling hook makes getting collectibles feel more like a puzzle but other than that its really only useful for getting up tall buildings or crossing alleys faster. Driving feels good but with fast travel and the grappling hook youre really only going to be driving if a mission tells you to do so.Combat feels fantastic, but it seems like combos and multikills decide when they do or dont want to work that could be my own fault if I missed a tutorial somewhere. The outfits and weapons have different stats to suit your playstyle, but I found that the bonuses they provide werent really big enough to notice, even with the late game items.Having two playable assassins sounds like a really cool idea on paper. In practice it works but its not as gamechanging as the designers probably hoped it would be. Evie has bonuses to stealth and Jacob has bonuses to combat. They also have their own unique active and passive skills. I might be alone on this opinion but I found that the combat is way too easy to ever need a bonus and ended up only playing Evie unless a mission required me to be Jacob. What I think was a HUGE missed oppurtunity was that while playing as one character, the other character is completely absent. What would have been awesome is if you could use the twin that you arent playing as some sort of super brotherhood member that you could call in to take out or distract a guard. Maybe you could both be in combat and you could set up crazy cooperative moves with each other. Now, theyre mostly separated because of narrative but you really shouldnt let the story get in the way of good gameplay.The world design isnt the best or the worst of the series. The different areas of the city have their own general character and charm to them but when it comes down to the smaller details of the world everything starts to blend together. The artistic direction is nice, especially in the more colorful areas. and the graphics are pretty nice.The story is slow and boring in the middle but the beggining is alright and the end is great. Theres nothing super special about any of the characters, most of them feel like ripoffs of other AC characters but theyre still mostly enjoyable and the main villain is great. The modern day portion hasnt been good since Black Flag and that hasnt changed with Syndicate. Unless they bring back a larger story arc like Desmonds they should really just get rid of the modern story entirely it doesnt add to the game and its confusing. The 1800s story is okay.Ive preordered every AC game since Brotherhood. Revelations was a low point. Unity was a lower point. After playing Unity and hearing that Syndicate would have similar mechanics I decided for the first time not to preorder. I waited for a sale and bought it at half price. It wouldve been worth it at 3/4 price. Syndicate hasnt brought the series all the way back to its glory but its a step in the right derection. I hear a lot of people say that AC games are rushed. I can see how thats true, but I can also see that Ubisoft is getting better at rushing them. Practice makes perfect I guess. Also I hear that theyre working on a new AC game and instead of rushing it, theyll be working on it for a lot longer than usual and giving it the attention it deserves. Im sticking to what I said before, Syndicate is essentially a much better version of the exact same game that Ubisoft makes every year. If youre new to the franchise, Black Flag is still a better place to start but if you want more after that, Syndicate is worth your money.P.S.Is the town/villa building mechanic just gone now? I loved it in AC2 and it felt like they perfected it in AC3 but ever since then its felt like theyve been putting less effort into the mechanic. In Unity they had the cabaret or whatever but that wasnt fun to upgrade at all and in Syndicate you have a gang that you can upgrade but I loved having a whole community that did different things for you as you built it up. I mean, having an upgradable base isnt criteria for a good game but I really liked it and I felt like other people liked it too. Maybe there was a demand to get rid of it that I didnt notice. Whatever. Makes me sad.EditI didnt play Rogue for various reasons and I realize that some of the arguments made here might be made obsolete by that fact, i.e. for the first time in an AC game I have to use my brain. I do apologize if this is the case but based on the reviews for Rogue Im willing to bet that it isnt.EditIve started to play Rogue and I was absolutely correct in my assumptions about it, its just as mindnumbingly simple as Unity. 