I jokingly like to call this gameSaints Row IVThe Fabled Arkam Assassin.insert james franco voiceThis is like if that Saints Row met that Arkam knight and they had a baby. And then, meanwhile, that crazy fable3 stuff I had and the Assassins creed unity met and had a baby. And by some miracle, those two babies met and   this would the  that they birthed.Gameplay Really great, its so smooth and nonbuggy I forget its Ubisoft. The gameplay really sells the game for me. Stealth is amazing, You toggle stealth now drawing your hood and allowing you to sneak around it looks and feels awesome! Even though most enemies have set paths they still feel alive and may or may not investigate rather than act like robots. The activities are great I LOVE the fist fighting, I turn this game on a lot of time just to bare knuckle box as Jackob for hours. Combat speed is a tad to fast I wish there was a slider for this. Its not that its hard to keep up wit, the freeflow combat is as great as ever, but at its current speed the animations look cheesy and it takes away from them.Story wise If this is your first Assassins creed title or if you never really payed attention to the story of past games you will probably enjoy it. I on the other hand dont enjoy it but it is very entertaining. Ill avoid spoilers but my main hang up with the story is the Templar are outright bad guys for the first time ever as a whole, were In past games they tried to do what they thought was the right thing.Characters The fry twins have a love hate relationship with me, I love their style, clothes, and way of thinking. But they joke so much about everything! In every situation almost! It wouldnt be annoying if that characteristic was unique to them but its far from that way. Every other character is sarcastic clown type. Even the modern assassins joke at everything and dont take themselves seriously. The Templars are often cruel for the sake of being cruel and they dress like nazis, its pandering as all hell and vast contrast to previous assassin creed titles.Parkour Is smoother now than ever! To bad you get a grappling hook early on and never have to really use it again. I think the grappling hook should have purchasable uses like the rest of equipment. You leave a wire behind when going from building to building so it would make sense to have limited uses at least when used in that manner Its a childish spamablemechanic with no real give and take that overlaps the awesome parkour system.How do I get up there? Oh just use my batclaw.Cons Simple childish banter, story, characters and game mechanicsUnlimited use grappling hook. Pandering bad guys. To much HUD but most of it can be turned off.Pros GAMEPLAY really makes the game. Runs smooth, Very few bugs. Beautiful, London is Awesome, Fist fights, Much more interesting/fun stealth system. Parkour is super smooth.I say a lot of bad things about this game here so why do I recommend? Because this game is amazing at what most people look for in a Assassins Creed title. Stealth gameplay is amazing if not the best yet with gratifying assassinations, and super smooth Parkour, Beautiful open world environment with lots to do.