Ill begin by stating I am not an ardent fan of the Assassins Creed franchise.My first intallment in the franchise was Assassins Creed Brotherhood. Some will say that this was a highlight in the storied gaming series, and it certainly felt entertaining and refreshing for its time. Since playing and completing Brotherhood, Ive longed to play another Assassins Creed game despite varied successes.I contemplated purchasing Assassins Creed Black Flag, but decided against it purely in opposition to its selling point its naval exploration and combat focal points. I wanted a return to the exciting combat and incredible settings that Brotherhood and many subsequent games have aspired for.That was my first mistake.I had also wanted to give Assassins Creed Unity a chance... but decided against it due to overwhelmingly negative peer review. Still, the idea of a cooperative Assassins Creed game is promising.I decided that I had waited long enough. I had heard that Assassins Creed Syndicate attempts to capture what made Brotherhood so great. You might even argue that Jacob Frye is emulating Ezio Auditore a little too much.That was my second mistake.I went ahead and purchased the gold edition for the game with having put a little time and research into the product. I came in with relatively low expectations due to repeated failures in Ubisofts past, but was pleasantly surprised by the prologue. Jacob and Evie Frye are fascinating characters and genuinely enjoyable to play for the most part.However, this is not only an Ubisoft game, its an Assassins Creed game. What bugs and glitches I experienced at first were minor, at best, until the big one came. My hardware should have little trouble running this game on decent settings, yet despite that, I reached the infamous Stage 3 train scene and fight.This stage is known to cause immediate crashing, to which it has done to me aplenty. I cannot pass it, and in some cases, cannot even load to the main menu as a consequence of where my progress stopped.Now, I dislike the idea of thumbs downing a game due to a performance issue I cannot resolve on my part... However, in this case, I make an exception. It is an issue many have experienced and Ubisoft has not yet addressed with patching. Until this problem is resolved, I in good faith  recommend this game to my friends or the general public.Alas... I had looked so forward to it.