If you were to put the AC games on a sort of graph of quality, Syndicate would be a step up from Unity but just below Black Flag and Brotherhood, what is not a bad place to be in a series that did seem to become a bit oversaturated over time. What once took the industry by storm we eventually just felt Ugh, again?Syndicate is a step in the right direction, afterword they gave us the announcement that there will not be an AC game for a year. Not so much a goodbye song but more of a Heres the best we got, see you in a couple of years!On a game standpoint, Syndicate is a perfectly functional installment in the series. Little to no graphical errors or gameplay glitches. The odd frame drop here and there but it does go away as quickly as it comes.I love the characters, even if the stereotypical sibling rivalry pops up out of nowhere. Jacob and Evie Frye clash between his rushinandpunch to Evies methodical planning. It seems odd because I am just left thinking Do both? and they DO. When Im not on Jacob hes likely off doing the Jacobspecific missions that I end up playing. So why are they clashing?Despite that, they both have their charms. Im a sucker for Jacobs snark and Evie often goes full nerd over ancient lore and artifacts which is adorable and awesome.The gameplay is very solid, at least moreso than it was on, say, AC3.I quite enjoy the general city takeover. Theres a LOT to do in this game, highlights being the Child Liberation and Gang Strongholds which bring in the ultimate stealth gameplay that weve all come to yearn from this series. Even from Black Flag Which was wonderful and go buy it right now which was more combatheavy. It just feels so satisfying to navigate both of those missions in complete stealth and it usually works out pretty well.The only exception is the officers Take criminals in alive submissions. I find them clunky and difficult to drag an enemy to a vehicle. Its designed to just capture the person and drag them through the territory using them as a stealth bubble but I just find myself killing literally everyone in their entourage and knocking them out directly. I just feel like thats not what they really intended.I find myself rather indifferent on the whole leveling and skills. Theyre fine and functional and I always enjoy getting new stealth levels and watching skills I use often become more effective.The postdeath speeches the characters give are some of the most poetic in the entire series and I quite enjoying hearing the villains speak in every interaction.If I had a major criticism, its the same one most reviewers tend to have Controls.The game can be very, very clunky.1 I was climbing to a point to scan the area, assuming I could do the usual leap of faith into a haystack only for Evie to decide not to, and plunged to her death.2 I was doing a mission to fight an enemy called SpringHeeled Jack, a quest/area that was in my level range but I would go to die a dozen times because Evie wouldnt counter for I finally defeated him by running around in circles when he popped his smoke bomb, and I still have no idea if thats what was blocking her ability to counter. Meanwhile, every restart was treated with a tooltip saying, This area is too high a level! Upgrade your abilities and equipment!. It shouldnt have been. It was level four like everything else I was doing in the area.3 There was a neat carriage chase where Evie was standing in the back with Jacob driving, throwing me ammo. It was a practice in quickshotting but at one point I was able to jump out and attack the enemies. Then I failed the mission because I missed a train I was supposed to jump to. It was incredibly too quickly paced and my attention was more on survival than a subtle and small tooltip saying Get to the train.4 I was doing one of the MANY territory control subquests, with two templars I was supposed to assassinate. I got one, but aggrod more enemies than I thought I could handle and decided to flee the area in order to regroup and reposition. Well, the game didnt like this as it respawned the entire area. Leaving that tinyzone was classified as a failure and it completely reset.I cant count the times Id be shiftsprinting up, down, and sideways through terrain only for Evie to just vault off the side of a building and die on impact because she decided to make a full turn rather than the slight strafe that I intended.Its during those moments that the overarching flaw of the series rears its ugly head.Yet? Its hardly a dealbreaker over a quite enjoyable game. Just the occasional annoyance. Id still recommend this game, especially if youre a fan of the franchise but were let down by Unity. Its a step up. 