TLDRI down voted it because of reasons.Mechanics wise id rather play dying light.I dont like the twins, basically.Why cant we have more piratey stuff like in black Flag? Yeah, that one was a bit offtopic. Mostly accusing Ubisoft of continuing on with their nasty parkour elements when they are standing on a treasure trove of piraty game mechanics!Long VersionWell, i have officially made it through 1.7 hours into this game which is barely past the games proluge, i think. Anyways, I have two main points to make about this game, and Ill let it know now that of all the Assassin Creed games ive played, ive only played the first hated it, and Black Flag loved it, but for very different reasons this one, of course Im going to say NO!So, onto point one. The GAME MECHANICS!Im sorry, but for a game that focuses so heavily on parkour and a series that has had a lot of experience doing it, I cant help but feel like these mechanics are too bogged down by context controls to the point that I feel like im playing a rail shooter with Quick time events. The mechanics are much too choppy as they are constantly nagging that you need to press buttons in a certain manner just to jump down from a considerable height. I dont remember that from either the first or Black Flag.EDIT One game that made parkour a lot of fun and is much simpler is Dying Light  Which has coop and you can even set it up to allow invading players to attack as zombies Ive never got involved with that though.  However, Dying Light doesnt do much in the stealth department if that is what youre looking for.  Probably other games out there too that do a better job at parkour, but Im honestly disapointed with what Ubisoft provided here.Second Point is just a personal nitpick and probably something that might have resolved itself if I continued playing but I gotta say that I dont care about the twins. I wanted to play the other guy, the head honcho and bad Not the assasin in white. These two were, likeable, but they had this annoying aire of being incredibly novice. I felt like they would suit a better purpose as support characters or, perhaps, a coop mode! That would be ridiculous though!My experience with the previous games tells me the story would be interesting and I wouldnt have minded getting into it more, but the gameplay itself felt dry and boring.Now, why did I like Black Flag so much then? Because it had pirate ships and a whole seperate game mechanic that wasnt completely revolved around the dry, badly done parkour and obnoxious quest expectations chasing a guy who is not allowed to see you but you cant be more than 5 feet from them or else youve lost them. Indeed the quests in black flag were an utter bore to me and needlessly frustrating. Except for the pirate ship bits! I really dont understand why ubisoft hasnt cashed in on that with its own game and more things to do!