TLDR at bottom.Turns out two garbage main characters are not better than one garbage main character.Jacob is basically a tough guy who only knows how to kill people, and Evie is an obsessive brat who always quotes her obviouslymorally/mentallyunsounddead father. They both like to state incredibly contrived logic like Dont let personal feelings jeopordize the mission despite the fact that the only reason they are in London is because they disobeyed their superior and botched their other mission.Also the Henry x Evie romance is the absolute worst forced romance I have ever seen in a game. And Henry himself is just about the most ing useless and unneeded character in any game. He exists to create tension for Evie, that is literally it. And he ends up being the one who Saves both Jacob and Evie in the most convoluted manner imaginable.A character who is supposedly immortal gets stabbed by Henry, now hes all of a sudden mortal?  off Ubishit.Combat is so incredibly easy on everything but enemies who are at least twice your level, and then they only kill you in one hit, they dont get new gear or better at fighting, they just take longer to kill and instantly gib you if you fail to press the counter button after the game flashes a big yellow I AM GOING TO ATTACK signal above their head. And that brings me to my first actual complaint Why the level system? Its fine to do that with the main character, gives us some progression, but giving enemies metric asstons of health doesnt make your combat harder or better, just slower. And blocking off areas of the game with simply harder enemies doesnt ACTUALLY stop people from doing these missions that you are trying to keep us from doing. Which ends up being for no reason at all because we cant equip certain items that we got as rewards for these difficult missions until we reach an arbitrary level which only increases once you have spent enough experience to buy skills.That being said, Victorian London looks ing amazing, and the clothing is pretty awesome to look at, though why Jacob is incapable of wearing a hood AND standing up is ing beyond me.The weapons are all pretty cool, but the clean and smooth combat animations of AC 2 are long and dead, and replaced with overexagerated choppy animations where you end up teleporting either yourself or the enemy within a certain distance in order to see the same execution animation for the 1200th time.The story is the same copypasta bull that youve seen for like 5 times now. Templars bad, Assassins good, kill templars to prevent them from getting another made up piece of Jesus memorabilia, kill enough Templars so you can get to the big bad Templar who usually isnt actually a bad guy and is trying to use Jesus memorabilia to make the world a better place, kill him anyway, then dont use Jesus memorabilia because its Too dangerous. The Fucing End.TLDRStory,Characters,Combat,GameBut hey, at least the game is playable this time around amirite?    