As a Londoner playing this game, I was actually really dissapointed.I went in with a pretty open mind. I know it got bad reviews and all, but I figured that theyd made the buildings to scale and Id at least get to enjoy climbing some of my local sights. But actually climbing them when theyre surrounded by seemingly random, fakey districts and buildings is really underwhelming. I wasnt nitpicking, it just felt pretty boring to climb St Pancras and have it in the middle of.. nothing. And then climb Big Ben and its just plonked randomly in the middle of pretty much nothing.Story wise, the game is outright cringe. Ive never taken the AC games too seriously, but I actually think they tried to make this one a spoof and just got the tone wrong. The spoiler free storyline is that you play a pair of twins who randomly decide to leave Croydon because f Croydon and go to London to start a gang. I genuinely thought it was a British humoured spoof storyline, that was going to be riddled with jokes and dry wit. But then everyone takes is super, super seriously like getting this gang to work is going to affect the fate of the world. And it actually does. The nitwit NPCs you round up in their lime green disgusting uniforms that you can spot sneaking around from the other side of town are legitimately meant to be your solution to saving the whole world.And thats not even the most cringe bit. You legit bump into Charles Dickens in the street and of course he rounds you up to help him write his book, as you would with every dangerous looking bloke who shoved you out of the way and had knives sticking out of every hole. Its the laziest thing Ive ever seen writing wise.The final piece of the puzzle in bad writing was the ridiculously diverse cast. I mean its not bad to see a female character lead, its not bad to see an Indian character playing central stage, its not even bad to see various cripples and what not have their day. But all together at once and rammed randomly into the story, its just a really shallow attempt to tick as many boxes as possible.Gameplay wise, which is the main reason I play these games after the amazing experience of playing Black Flag, the main feature of swapping between the two main characters is utterly useless. You find yourself in a sneaky subtle situation, and think aha! Ill swap to the sneaky character now but you cant swap mid mission. You find yourself in a football hooligan riot and think ok, time to play as the brash brawler character but you cant swap right now. So Sneaky McGee ends up fighting a gang fight, and Brawler Bro ends up clunkily sneaking into somewhere in the dead of night. It just ruins the whole point of it and you feel like the game is a spoof of itself.The clunky controls and bugs just stop you from ever feeling like an Assassin. You try to sneak round a corner and randomly charge over it. You try to hide behind something and you climb on top of it. You try to assassinate somebody youve somehow snuck up on with your wrist blade and you accidentally shoot someone several blocks away with your noisy pistol.I hope this review helps you if youre on the fence. I got this game really really cheap on sale, and to be honest Ill keep it for when I want to muck about in a badly drawn London. But if that doesnt sound like your thing then skip this one. 