having put in around 50 hours or so offline moved house and lost internet for a week, alas and come to around 95 completion right now I think I can fairly come to the conclusion that this, along with Rogue are my least favourite AC games.Ill skip any kind of review of the story because its not really that memorable at all, the side missions with famous people like Karl Marx and Charles Darwin are much more memorable than the main plot.The grappling hook...oh the grappling hook. It destroys any sense of exploration in Syndicate because youll find yourself zipping across the rooftops to get to objectives as quickly as possible when youre not even lazier using fast travel youll never really get to know the map like I felt I did in Unity which was great, knowing where to go without using the minimap gives you a great sense of accomplishment and you have to give props to the devs for that. Ive lived in London and know the city very well and I still felt disconnected from the city/map in Syndicate even though I know my way around of course the scale here is smaller but landmarks etc are in roughly the same place. Missions are spread out too far and getting from one place to the other requires no effort when you have fast travel and a grappling hook  or of course the carriages which give you the annoying follow me line because apparently were 5 year olds who need our hands held through the entire game...The one thing this game really has going for it is that you have two characters to play and for the most part you get to choose unless youre doing character specific story missions where youre forced to use one or the other. Which is a shame because I wouldve gladly played the entire game with Evie since Jacob is at the very least as insufferably macho as Ezio. At least when leveling up as Evie those points became available automatically for Jacob too  even though I only played as him when I was forced to. Hes my least favourite male lead in the entire series.Since AC3 Ive only truly enjoyed Unity and the Chronicles series. I know Black Flag is everyones favourite after AC2 but for me the over reliance on island hopping and ships was a real drag. Too much pirating, not enough Assassining. Thank god Assassins Creed Origins will be out soon and hopefully a grand return to the roots of the series. Ive played every single AC title and if I were to speak to anyone about the series that hadnt played it but was looking to start  I would absolutely suggest skipping Assassins Creed Syndicate.