Buy it on sale like I did if unless youre a hardcore fan of the series. This is the first time the series goes to London and at a relatively modern time during Victorian England and the Industrial Revolution. The city itself is very beautiful, in a sort of smoggy, crowded, and dirty way, but it certainly has its own charm. It includes many real life historical sites like Buckingham Palace where you can fight the Queens Guard with their ridiculous hats, to the Thames River, to Big Ben, etc. Performance is solid as can be for an AC game, hitting a solid 60 fps with minimal crashes. Would still like to see better ports in the future.As for the story, Evie and Jacob are certainly 2 interesting characters and the ability to switch between them at will except for some missions can be fun although the combat differences in my experience are fairly minimal. Theres an obvious attempt to make Evie the more stealthy one and Jacob the more brash, aggressive one but since the combat is only slightly better than the previous counter and attack button mashing so either one is more than capable of taking an entire gang on. The actual story is mediocre at best, although there are some interesting historical characters Karl Marx and Charles Dickens for side missions, but the main storys villain and overall storyline is average at best, even though Evie and Jacob are fairly likable. At least the modern segments have been reduced to cutscenes.The side missions mainly consist of reducing rival gangs strongholds and such and are fairly repetitive although there are now level scalings for enemies so it isnt always a cakewalk until a certain point anyways. The DLC except for the Jack the Ripper one which is excellent range from bare bones to average, so whether the Gold edition is worth it or not is up to you. Overall, a decent AC game that runs well and tries to innovate with some combat improvements and 2 protagonists, but the lackluster story and activities combined with the still stale combat system means that unless you are a fan, I would wait until a sale of some sort.7/10 