Syndicate is beautiful and better optimized than Unity. But other than that nothing else really works. Like controls. Any one function button does too many things. Example hanging off the roof of a carriage. Drop down? Press E. Get in carriage? Press E. Hijack and drive? Press E. Right, then. But which one is going to happen exactly when I dont need it to happen? Or, chasing a dude with the intent of tackling him also E. The police is chasing me. A gun is aimed at me, F pops up to evade bullet. I press F, but instead of the evasion F throws a knife in the back of the guy I was chasing and who was supposed to be caught alive. Or something as simple as climbing a telegraph pole in the WWI simulation. Not gonna happen. Thanks Ubi! All the testing hours really worked out for everyone. I mean... you.Fight system? Yet another reinvention. 5th time? 6th time over course of nine games... But for the better this time. We have the press E for counter again. But its more like a quick time event. Gold flashes above the head of bad guy prompts the counter. The higher level the player is, the more time they have to react. Not bad, I have to say. Kill streaks are back too, to make things easier when facing multiple attackers. At the beginning of the game, when the player might be lower level than most enemies it pays off to just carry a whole bunch of throwing knives and make a pincushion out of the really tough enemies. By the way, how come after an enemy was killed by a throwing knife I cant get the knife back when I loot their bodies? Doesnt make sense. Well, what does in an AC game, which feels like a never ending sequence of repetitive gameplay? After nine games we still cant have other activities beside tackling people who by the way run as fast as a skilled assassin and opening hundreds of chests?The skill tree is a necessity if you are developing for Ubisoft from Far Cry to AC, Splinter Cell or Watch Dogs. But in Syndicate it is a little out of place. Our two characters are already accomplished assassins, yet they have to learn, how to double assassinate? Or air assassinate? Or throw a knife? Maybe. But to whistle? Really? Its almost as idiotic as the tattoo in Far Cry 3 to be able to choke and drag someone haha, in Syndicate we also have to spend points on this very same skill!.During the aformentioned World War I simulation, the back story is to eliminate the sinister cult of spies. Spies who wear huge templar crosses on their shoulders. It must enhance their spying ability... you know, like showing your face and introducing yourself to every bad guy in the universe Bond, James Bond. Someone must have been very high on something during the storyboarding phase, there is no other explanation for a script like this.Other funny occasion during a crowd event I save a guys behind by assassinating two baddies. And what is his reaction? Murderer!!! Right.The map is not that useful when it comes to inding collectibles. I could be standing right on top of music box which contains a Secret of London, bombarding the environment with my Xrays and still nada. The item in question not popping up on the map. Never mind! As long as I have helix currency I can buy those missing locations online. And if not, I could still spend some more euros/dollars on top of all the euros/dollars I spent to buy all the DLCs, which together cost more than the original game! to buy more helix from Ubi!Social glitch? Im sorry, what? Is that what you kids call a facebook user these days?The wall eject is kind of like an erection over the age of 60. When you really need it, you just stand there hanging, and when it finally happens, it just leaves you in your own mess falling to your death in AC, or tumbling onto a group of angry mobsters.Syndicate is very boring. Exactly the same as Unity. Even the buildings are the same. The characters are utterly ridiculous. Evie and Jacob the twins who have nothing in common except for their height. Must have been two eggs and two fathers... Jacob is dumb and cocky, Evie is an arrogant smartie pants and they are equally annoying in their narrow minded way. Actually, you know what? The only characters who embodied good, righteousness and actually made sense in the AC series are Altair and Connor and perhaps Shay. They behaved like a true assassin should. Disciplined, focused, no charming and condescending bull. And even though in all of the episodes Templars are made to be the bad guys, Rogue showed that the Assassins are equally bad. Then whats the point?The story is nothing new either as I wrote before, Jacob and Evie are already assassins, but we dont learn about their past, how they became assassins or who was their master. Templars are plotting to rule/better the world by mostly unethical methods you know the end justifies the means, but here come the Assassins who kill them all while meeting some of the famous personalities of the period who wear tremendous fake mutton chops and hulihees, not kidding, the worst facial hair in any game, ever. And of course the nutty professor type is present who invents stuff for them. Like the rope launcher/grappling hook. A ROPE LAUNCHER! Like Batmans. Except this one cant find a target a few yards away, but by turning a few degrees either side it suddenly finds one a hundred yard away! How stupid is that?Not only the setting, the environment is similar to Unity, but the dynamic between the male and female lead character is the same too. Except for the love theme, the same bickering, same competitiveness and the different approach to missions is there in Syndicate. The lead females are in fact just males with a feminine look. I liked the strong females who didnt have to talk like boys and fight all the time, killing everyone to be charismatic or appealing. But it seems movie and game writers can only imagine a female lead in a single way.There is no more online gameplay of any kind. In Unity it took me 200 hours to reach the Legend level, in Syndicate they tried to fill the gap with all the pointless collectibles and terrible minigames, like the carriage races with rubberbanding, undefeatable opponents, escorts and highjacking, so as a completionist I will still spend about the same amount of time eventually. Boring and badly written stuff that completely lacks any entertainment value.And the famous warning assassins dont kill civilians. Right. How about not programming a dense population of aimlessly wandering pedestrians on the streets, so when I drive my carriage I dont have to run them over all the time?! Or that Templar Hunt mission where the target had to be killed by explosives. Cmon, Ubisoft! In the middle of a crowded park? Are you insane? And to make things worse, certain perks, which require skills are now have to be done not 1235 times in order to get the achievement, but 255075 times! Great. In a game, where succes even 100 synchronization largely depends on pure luck and the AI not bugging out.I can only recommend this game to hardcore fans, who have steel nerves and like to do stuff to themselves with a cheese grater. You know... in a slightly amusing, but mostly painful way. As the great Ford Fairlane said it back in the day. Playing Syndicate feels exactly like that.75Pro graphics fight systemCon everything else