The player will follow the story of twin Assassins Jacob and Evie Frye. Basically, their plan throughout the entire game is to bring down the Templars, led by Crawford Starrick, in London. Alongside this road, you will meet a number of historical characters youll recognise, such as Karl Marx, Charles Dickens, Frederick Abberline, Queen Victoria and more.Jacobs StoryThe story is build up in such a way that in every sequence you will hunt one of the Templars controlling London and at the end of the sequence kill them, with the ultimate goal to kill baddieincharge Crawford Starrick. The good thing about that is that you will be busy at all times. The bad part, however, is that its quite bland, theres not much to it. It feels like a checklist of Templars, and youll just eliminate everyone on that list one by one, without much thought to it. You also dont really get to see much of the bad things these socalled Templars are said to do. Of course theres an exception, but since all the Templars only appear one sequence, the awesomeness this particular Templar going by the name of Maxwell Roth has, is only brief.Evies storyBeing concerned about the Templars getting hold of a FirstCivilisation artifact called the Shroud of Eden, she tries to get the Shroud from the Templars, killing everyone in her way.EndingThe gameplay in this game is great.Riding carriagesIt looks great, it feels great, it IS great.With plenty of different carriages to ride, in different colours as well, this piece of gameplay is perfect. You can hijack any carriage, drive any carriage, be on top of carriages, be in some carriages to hide, shoot the horses of enemie carriages to see the carriage flip. Also I like being able to step out of the carriage at the side I want to step out of it. Driving the carriage sometimes feels a little clumsy, which is perfect considering that carriageriding at highspeed IS clumsy.New GadgetsCombatYou can select 3 different main weapons for in combat, being a canesword, a kukri knife and brass knuckles. They all essentially work the same, but have different animations and visuals.The combat itself is the known attack/counter/stun principle, with the addition of a MultiKill sequence. The MultiKill sequence is a short animation that you can activate once two or more enemies are very low health. Activating it, however, is clumsy. Often have I been frustrated by it not activating when two enemies are low health, or activating only for two enemies when four enemies are low health. When it activates, though, it is quite nice. Aside from that, the combat flows like a river.StealthNot much changed. Standing in a group of people that totally dont look like you belong with them will still hide you from your foes, and enemies still cant look through walls, so thats great. However, there is the addition of the socalled stealth mode, which makes your Assassin put on the Assasin hood and makes him/her crouch, sometimes looking really dumb... but it works, so thats nice.Assassinating one works the same way it always has, so Im not elaborating on that. An assassination mission however, has gotten the addition of optional objectives that either make assassinating your target easier, or unlock a special assassination opportunity. It works great, enhances the replayabilty and its good that you dont need to do them.Loading ScreenYou are able to run around in the loading screen again, which is better than to stare at a black screen, so theres a plus.For anyone expecting this games customisation to be anything like Unity its not. Theres not a whole lot of customisation.There are 3 main weapons, as mentioned afore, with each of them having different variant that look differently and have other stats in terms of damage and so. Same goes for the pistol and the assassin gauntlet.You cannot see your weapons unless in combat, which is kind of a bummer. No canewalking in London guys...There are some outfits to choose from, but in my opinion, a lot of them look like they originate from a crappy steampunk convention and I think they dont at all look realistically, so I never changed my outfit much.There are some buyable with ingame currency and unlockable colours to your outfits, making some parts of your outfit have that colour. Only one colour can be selected at a time.Besides the main outfit, Jacob has a belt, and Evie has a cloak, which functions like a cape like Ezios although Evie doesnt put the cloak around her like Ezio does when being idle. There are plenty of variant for the belts and capes, but once again, most of them dont really fit in.Walking around with a hood on, without crouching like you escaped from the asylum in the game, is sadly not possible theres a glitch on the Thames that does enable this, though. Instead, in normal stance, Evie walks around without anything on her head, whereas Jacob has headwear a cap for the first outfit, and a tophat for every other outfit. Jacobs tophat has one huge problem though, it has a red band around it which doesnt change colour when you change the colour of your outfit. So unless you dye your outfit red, it doesnt look good.London looks amazing and is very detailled.I myself didnt like the colours used in the game, so I resorted to making a SweetFX preset for the game to give London more of a IMO Londonish atmosphere I like. Aside from colour, the graphics are very good.Clothing physics are at a new best, but they are on PC locked on 30FPS. Setting it to 60FPS is however easy to do, just google a tutorial for that. Note that I normally dont really look at FPS, but seeing one 30FPS element in a 60FPS environment is just cringy.Great DLC  not going to elaborate on it, but I really recommend it.