As of writing this, I havent finished the game Near the end, but I can surmise a recommendation for this Assassins Creed! I do need to note that I did skip Unity I played Rogue instead and there might be issues/positives which I dislike/like that are present in Unity.PROSThis is the most Assassins Creed game to date. Its a sandbox and theres stuff to do in it. It reminds me a lot of Brotherhood, but with more in it.Combat has clutter cut out and looks brilliant as ever.Graphics are good. It looks like London.The new zipline gadget which channels Batman is a welcome addition. Im guessing somebody at Ubisoft really wanted the Hooksword to come back and meant halfway with this.The banter between Jacob and Evie is good. They share lines of dialog which resemble actual brother and sister conversations.For the majority of the game you can play as either Jacob or Evie without having to change, but, as youll see below, this is a con when examined below the surface.MIXED/ All the historical figures in Syndicate were shoved in at the last minute. I am most certainly not the first to point this out, but its so obvious and must be pointed out more. They all have thier moments, very bizarrely timed moments except for the one from WWI and Karl Marx, who can best be described with a neon sign above their heads, but none have a central role to the story, such as Leonardo Da Vinci did in previous games. In an uncanny cycle, each historical figure shows up and knows Jacob and Evie, which is weird the first time and dreadfully unnerving for the rest since they are supposed to be a part of a secret order of assassins. It sucks because many of them can be outright cut out of the game and be replaced with just ONE of them. Like Leonardo, that single figure could be a mentor/friend to the assassins twins./ Also, every single other character in the game other than Jacob and Evie feel tacted on. Yes, I mean EVERY other character. They are simply there to fill a reputation grind role. Oh, and if it wasnt for one good line of dialog between Ned the transgender character and Jacob, Ned would have been the most token character of the bunch yet, if there was going to be a token character, itd actually be Karl Marx, whos contribution to the game and plot are far less. Its funny because all of these characters have unique voice actors and some artist put their work into making them all look different, but, again, like the historical figures, each character has a moment here and there and each can be replaced by just one./ There arent enough side missions when conquering London. Sure, there are enough to make it fun, but I feel like there should have been more considering theres a scene set in... Well look below, it might be a spoiler, but it wont be if you actually think about it.CONSNo coop. Youll understand why this is a major issue because........the difference between playing Jacob and Evie is almost nill. Both have 3 perks which are exclusive to that character and, as I discovered when unlocking them, the only good ones are with Jacob because they relate directly to combat. Evies relate to stealth, yet stealth has never been difficult or important in Assassins Creed, which is a tad ironic if you think about it.There are collision bugs here and there. Within the first 10 minutes of playing, I managed to accidental get Jacob stuck in the ground.The chases in this game are utter garbage and poorly designed. Tell me if this sounds logical A child below the age of 10, a woman w/ heels who was hypnotized, and a man who did not have a head start can OUTRUN Jacob for several minutes. It doesnt.Ubisoft, please... STOP IT WITH THE FRIGGIN FUTURE STORY! I do not care for those two idiots who helped Desmond and Lucy. They arent well written. They arent important. They arent fun. THEY ARE BLOODY USELESS! I thought the future plot in Rogue was bad, but Syndicate takes the cake because it really, REALLY feels stitched on to an otherwise okay plot set in London.Okay, this might be a little spoiler. You have been warned. Anyway, at one point you see a tear in the simulation damn you real world! that leads to a future setting World War I. Sounds good, right? It isnt, because its SOLE purpose is to, you guessed it, tie in MORE future stuff. Remember that woman from AC3? Juno was her name, and shes now some machine spirit in the internet. She shows up, explains what shes done aka stuff you already know and dont care about and you kill the Sage from AC 4 Black Flag again. Thats it. Theres no purpose for going to World War I other than getting more terrible exposition you already know from a character nobody cares about.In conclusion, the majority of issues that I personally had with this game can be summed up as Ubisoft, stop it with the futurebecause nobody likes it.