disclaimer I have played all AC games on a powerhouse of a pc, with mouse and keyboard. I have not played unity, since the PC port was a broken mess, so thats my perspective.Lets start with a TLDR This game is the most assassins creedy game of all time. It does all the things the others did really well, but not much else. Excluding black flag, that one spiced things up. As a fan of the series you get what you expect and as someone who has never liked them you will not like this one either. However for someone whoever that might be who has never heard of them, but is really interested in playing as an assassin in times gone by, this is the best one in the series.Combat systemFighting is mostly the same as always as far as your inputs are concerned. You can hit things, shoot things, break their defense, we have seen all of it in the previous titles, only this time we got a level system so fights can actually get tough if you are in the wrong part of town early on. the Introduction of a neardeathstate allows you to set up multikills in a real fun way. Animationquality is superb as usual and due to the addition of the second main charackter you get twice as many special animations. Great job ubisoft, killing thugs has never looked better in an AC game. I will however say that I still think that their fighting system is shallow and doesnt hold up to the likes of Prince of Persia the good ones, Dark souls, Devil May Cry and all the other relevant fighting systems out there. At least it is more fun than unmodded skyrim is, but I wont give credit for that, Skyrims combat is dated, clunky and uninspiring.Skill TreeThis one is the only real innovation to the series. maybe it was in unity, but Ill continue to ignore unity because I dont play broken games At first I thought Big whoop so they went pseudo rpg on us. Its propably gonna be as much of a sorry excuse for linear progression as the introduction of currency was in AC2., but they actually put some effort into this system. The upgrades you can get here are really fun for the most part, while of course balanced for casual players, so some of these are pretty op. We do have the occasional get more flat HP or deal more flat DMG, but some of the others include auto loot on takedowns, heal on multikills or various upgrades to the eagle vision, however most, if not all cant quite remember sorry of those were standart for Revelations Ezio. I guess not everyone is a Florentine Master, so they have to work for it. Also due to the 2 charackter model you dont have to decide wich playstyle you wanna go for. Evie naturally builds as a sneaky SamFisher archetype, whereas Jacob is more of a Brawler. They do have a few unique upgrades each, so this setup is recommendet, but you can totally go Sneaky Jacob and Brawler Evie if you so desire. I went with the standart though, because of charackter flavour.EnemiesMuch like in Revelations, we have different kinds of guards. This time is the Blighters, a templarsponsored group of thugs, the coppers, who are... well, coppers and of course the actual templars who are kind of on the side of the blighters but tougher and rarer.For the first time ever, some of them are actually challenging No, I didnt think the templars in AC1 were a challenge, hidden blade counter was 1hit. At least early on if you are underleveled. Unfortunately the very welcomed spike in difficulty gets eliminated more and more, the further you go down that skilltree of yours, until you eventually become the superhuman angel of wrath we know and love in the series. Yeah, opinions devide on this matter.SettingGot to say, I got a softspot for victorian London. The place is oozing flavour, of course rebuilt authentically, as we are kind of getting used to with AC games. Britishness all over the place, Jacob even gets a Tophat in one outfit, there are sword canes as weapons and so many more things. Great Job, I love it.SoundtrackSuperb, my favorite in the series, however Ill shut up about it, since people apparently have different opinions on this one too. Almost like there are different taste of music than mine. Strange.Main Charackters Jacob and EvieJacob is your stereotype wisecracking, gunslinger. Starlord esque. A bit clishee, but likeable. He also is a dummie sometimes, but in a fitting way.Evie is more serious, sneaky and traditionally Assassinlike. An Altair towards the ending of part one kind of woman. The two of them clash in cutscenes and have a littlesibbling rivalry every time they meet.Not my favorite Assassins but better than Connor for sure.Their outfits and moves however are absolutely gorgous.The two work well together and its so much fun to see them be a team. Unfortunately for some reason the story decides to pit them against each other for the majority of the time. Wasted potentialSidecharacktersI found the sidecharackters to be some of the worst ever in the series. I dont remember a thing henry green did, nothing any of the historical charackters said or done sticked to my mind and even though, they were again brilliantly researched and pseudo accurately represented with some of their quirks and charackter traits, I just dont remember any of them as strikingly interesting, even though I played every single of their side missions. No Idea why, maybe it is because I got bored by all the busy work some of them asked me to do. They just felt like nicely coloured vessels for sideplots, that had no real reason to be in the story other than AC games got to have historical charackters. None of them come close to how great Leonardo was in AC II.I just remembered one exception Maxwell Roth. He is a joker type charackter, an anarchist and criminal. He was the most fun antagonist and also the only fun one. Actually I liked him quite a bit and I ave no Idea why I forgot about him earlier. Guess I was just thinking about the good guys.StoryWell, I was so engaged by the dynamic between Evie and Jacob. They are superfun together and work really well as a team. Sadly, the story spends like 99 of the time, keeping them apart. It wasnt fun for me to see the rift grow and eventually close between them, because we all knew from the start, that there would be a happy ending. As a result we dont have tension and we dont have the amazingly fun interactions between the charackters that do shine trhough every now and then. Sadness. Could have been great but is sort of ok in the end. I will not spoil more of it, but there isnt much to spoil, its rather standart for an AC game and please dont get me started on the real world stuff. I think the fact that the real world part of Black Flag, where they made fun of themselves, the gaming industry and Abstergo, their big bad being their best ever sais it all. In my opinion it is useless shovelware to the max again.Main MissionsThe main missions have an interesting spin on them too. Most of them offer loads of ways to complete them, but a few, storyrelated ones with extra spice and specialties. Great job, they are less handholding and more intersting than ever. I dont want to spoil too much, just enjoy them.Sidemissions aka BusyworkWow. I dont even know where to start with the open world missions. in my opinion, they are beyond bad. Mind numbingly repetetive, busywork without any redeeming qualities. Brotherhood and Revelationsesque you got to free London, district by disrict, only this time it is way more work and none the better.ProsGreat Setting,great soundtrack, fun new tools, Skilltree, Levelgate for enemies, the siblings are fun together.ConsMore of the same, mindless busywork, no pirateships , the siblings are constantly seperated. 