I just completed the main story for this so about time I did a review.ProsGreat story with a intresting historical plot.Brutal yet satisfying combat.New combo and multikill system for dispatching enemies.Incredible open map portraying London very well.Grapple hook... Its in every AAA game now, dont act suprisedCharacter switching.Spot on voice acting and portrayl of historic figures.Interesting villains with some having strange yet sophisticated morals and aims.After running this game on two systems, One with a 750ti and one with a GTX 1080 I can tell you that they both run the game well. I found that on a lower card you are much safer lowering your resolution to 720p to get a very well deserved solid 60fps on medium graphical settings which still looks good. With a higher end card youre gonna be able to run this game incredibly well. Overall it is very well optimised.ConsSome recycled animations from previous games.Future/Current story lacks depth, insight and any kind of interesting aspects.At least one story mission is a tail or listen mission which can be ended by silly NPC design paths.Very lost plot path in the beginning previous tutor/assassin never checks up that you went to london throughout the whole story.Ubisoft AI system... You should know that every ubisoft game runs with AI that thinks like a mildly autistic frog with no legsSide mission very dull and repetitiveAbility to buy ingame money with a microtransaction store.Overall the whole game was great, I enjoyed the main story, I found the side missions rather boring so I decided to leave them for now, It is definitely a game I will return to to maybe do some of the side quests. Great experience for anybody with a well optimised engine which will run well on budget cards. Well worth a buy if youre looking for stealth or rough and tumble gameplay.This is a review of the game leading up to the end of the main story. Any missions or equipment that is unlocked after the final act is not in my opinion whatsoever that must be judged yourself or with others reviews.Together? Together....