Little Backstory of Assassins Creed Syndicate first, you play as the two main characters Jacob and Evie Frye who were trained by their father to be assassins. Through out the game you are working on taking out the templars that control the streets of London. Your main goal is to take out Crawford Starrick and take control of London for yourselves.Thats pretty much how I saw the game at least.Assassins Creed Syndicate brings back parts of previous Assassins Creed games that havent been seen for a while. The game is very entertaining for the most part, but can get to the point where it starts to drag on in the end. You gain experience through out playing the game that allow you to increase your combat skill, add additional perks to each character and unlock new items to use upon reaching new levels and completing sequences. You also have to look for items throughout London to upgrade you gang by giving them better weapons, horse carriages to drive around the city, and just making the stronger in general. The game includes a lot of the fighting style and combat mechanics as Unity and a few from Rogue.Aesthetics, the game looks... well... decent. Im not able to run it on the highest of settings but I can run it decently and it looks okay. I think they could have done a way better job on how this game looks even though its during the steampunk era. Like Black Flag that game was absolutely gorgeous, this game is honestly kind of a let down to me personally when it comes to graphics but it still looks amazing and is fun to play.All in all or TLDRThis game is fun and has a lot of exciting moments in and brings a whole new feel to the Assassins Creed Franchise in my opinion kind of like how Black Flag and Brotherhood change the series as a whole. I would recommend this game to anyone who is just looking for a really fun game to play that might take them around 40  50 hours to complete in total. I rate this game a solid 8.5/10 overall gaming aspects but for an Assassins Creed game it gets 9/10 from me. Nothing will ever be better than Black FLag and Brotherhood to me. If you havent played those you need to do so. 