I finally finished this game and overall i am quite happy with the things i saw in the game. i will give i quick overview of the pros and cons i encounteredLikes you have two assassins with slightly different skills. The last mission alternates between tasks for the pair of them. i liked this. the side missions actually have more dept. you can customize more of your characters then in the previous ACs there is no more naval combat dont get me wrong i think the naval combat is really cool but it never developed beyond avoid being blasted by them and then blast them yourself which is relatively shallow when compairing it to shore combat you can collect a number of gadgets during the game that did not appear in previous ACs. my favorite is the zip line which allows you to climb buildings fast. this game has no present time interruptions beyond a movie based story. the in game world looks verry nice. there is a lot of humor in the stories.Dislikes The loading screen. i dont know why but for some reason your character gets about 30 seconds to run arround in an empty space... this gets boring really fast. why not just load the next map and be done with it? At the end of each act for some reason the game always crashes during saving. i have attempted updating drives/windows and all that nonsense but the issue persists. Checking the forum reveals that i am not the only one haveing crashing issues. This is unaccaptable when a game is newly released but considering the fact that the game was released a while ago makes it even more rediculous. That being said... i just restarted the game and picked up where i left off so the impact of the crashes on my personal gameplay was minimal. for some reason i noticed occaisional grapic glitches in the highlighting mechanism which caused by entire screen the filled with bars of light eminating from the thing i was highlighting. This was annoying because i could not see what i was doing. mircotransactions... yes they are also present here... allthough i did not use them myself. and my gaming experience did not suffer because of this thankfully there are two chracters but they basicly have the same skills. Sure the guy jacob can carry more bullets then the girl evie and evie can carry more knives then jacob but still the differences are rather shallow. This was a disappointment. there is only one mission in which the characters actually coperate to accomplish a goal. if you have two people they should work together more to accomplish objectives. for some reason my character sometimes refuses to climb stuff... i find myself mashing spacebar for a couple of seconds and nothing happens. this was really annoying in timed missions. racing with chariots sounded verry nice but it is not as developed as i hoped it would be. it got annoying really fast. but i just ignored most of the race missions and moved on.Overall steam asks me would you recommend this game... and i would say YES. Allthough i would not pay more then 30 euros for it myself due to the issues i mentioned above so get in a sale. currently i would rate the game 6/10. 7/10 if they fix the grapics issues and crashes. which i hope they willthanks for reading! 