I was very critical of Unity. The story was unfocused, Arno had very little character development and just felt like an Ezio copy. The gameplay was changed for the worse, I only remember 3 characters including the main playable and it was too crowded.Syndicate feels like a true AC game, better than the Ezio trilogy. The best part is having two characters makes for more to go off of for them. Jacob is a fighter  takes the most action, but his weakness is that he causes the most chaos. Evie is the stealth character that is much smarter  applies critical thinking to situations, but at times doesnt take enough action to help out. Having the character flaws isnt bad, they both make up for it with a yin/yang mix as twins.The villains this time are FAR more memorable. Each character got so much more development and much better blue screen deaths than in the past. Having each characters role outlined ie the banker, the scientist, the doctor, the transporter, etc makes their missions, motives, character traits far more memorable.The actual assassination missions were the best. Not since AC1 have I looked forward to actual Templar assassinations, but that was because AC1 had  gameplay elsewhere other than the assassinations.The music is incredible, by far the best since AC2  Brotherhoods soundtrack but actually Id say even better.At the beginning, the Mentor named George lectures the twins about staying away from London. They disobey him and hes never heard from again. I was expecting him to show up in sequence 4 or 5 with his monacle broken  jowels flapping. I was disappointed.The main villain, Crawford Starrick, is a really good presence  very well acted. However, literally every scene but the final sequence has him in his office assigning other people to do dirty work. He never doesactual fieldwork or has any interaction with them face to face. Granted, you can say Well, London was completely under his control so he didnt need to leave his office, but thats weak.The sidequests have very little payoff. I only did them for fun. Hell, I cleared out a huge chunk of chests  collectibles for fun, but that was just me enjoying the game. There really is no actual payoff to it unless if I was achievement hunting, which Im not on Ubiplay garbage.Anyway, great game, worth the 20 I spent it on. Hope the one in 2017 is even better. 