Fun game with more personality than AC Unity, it largely streamlines the better aspects of the franchises gameplay and doesnt feel as bloated as some prior games. The ability to switch between main characters is a welcome addition, though the characters motivations in cutscenes still feel schizophrenic when contrasted with actual gameplay.The setting of Victorian England is excellent so was the French Revolution but Unity managed to make that bland somehow!, the gang warfare aspects are fun even if largely a repeated template and the sidecharacter memories spice things up a little. The game also doesnt mind having a little fun at its own expense, like characters rolling their eyes at the big selfimportant speeches targets make postassassination. Unfortunately the main villain isnt particularly memorable there is a VERY memorable sidevillain who shows up very late in the game and is unfortunately quickly killed off nor does he feel particularly effective or dangerous regardless of what the game insists on telling you.The modern day framing is reduced as much as possible without removing it entirely please just remove it entirely and remains as uncompelling and uninteresting as before. The witticisms of the tech character seems to have been toned down somewhat, though it remains a mildly frustrating presence while trying to read up on the history of characters/locations in the database you assemble throughout the game. Being a ubisoft game, the collectibles are overkill and maps dont exist for a couple of items, making it an exercise in frustration to find yourself 12 items short of clearing a section of the map. The game frequently presents you with helix points for doing things. I have no idea what helix points are and since it didnt seem to affect the game in any noticable way I didnt bother looking it up.Basically this is a fun Assassins Creed game. It doesnt do anything particularly revolutionary or change up the franchise much Black Flag remains the high watermark in that regard but it does what it does very well. Theres a lot of the same problems from previous games, but theyve been reduced to some degree while what is fun has been polished quite nicely. Definitely worth picking up in a sale. 