Ive bought this game during a sale. Payed 15.99, and I am still disappointed. I gave it the good old college try but got about 4 hours in before getting sick to my stomach from enduring it.There are four factors that can sum up my experience with this game.1 Absolutely horrendous and lazy. Too many cooks spoils the broth as they say, as the writing makes this game seem more like a fanfiction, than a tripleA title. The thoughts and plot devices connecting each of the missions are incredibly, weak and paper thin. It makes it obvious most of the budget went into the facial animation for major historical figures, and fixing all of the technical errors in their new engine. The first two hours of gameplay thankfully didnt have a play as a child and experience the death of your parent section. It did however consist of hamfisted characterisations of Jacob and Evie Frye.Half of the dialogue is purely to set up Jacobs delivery of corny oneliner after oneliner like a bad 80s action movie, while his sister Evie shoots him jokingly condescending looks. After all, who can say no to a complaining manchild, who is always asking why am I not stabbing a person wearing a nazilike Templar armband right now? Because they actually do that in this one. The Crime Syndicate aspect in the game is clumsily rushed into the foreground by Jacob, with his bloodthirsty childlike glee, apparently because hes always wanted to run a gang. Meanwhile Evie wants to do Assassin things and track down a piece of Eden as always.While the marketing team tries to paint the two as completely different playstyles, there really is no difference in gameplay between the two until you get to the final levels of progression, where they each are able to acquire 3 buffs that the other cant. Evies being Stealth Boost, ACTUAL INVISIBILITY, and Throwing Knife Buffs, Jacobs being HP, Firearm, and Damage Buffs. The other 49 skills they can both acquire.2 Assassinations have gotten boring, playing the same few animations of stabbing in the small of your targets back when youre in sneak mode. When the animation DOES differ when your character is NOT sneaking, it often ignores the context of the environment and plays a random animation. The combat pacing and choreography is terrible. There is also now a combo meter, and combat is based around four different mechanics. Attacking, GuardBreaking, Countering, and Dodging. For each press of the Attack button, your Assassin will strike at least twice. In a one on one battle you can mash the button and a normal enemy is helpless. If theyre a brute enemy, that is to say the baldheaded strongman who is the ONLY character model for this archetype in the game they might try to attack through your combo, which you can counter and ignore. The Syndicate fighting isnt even as well thoughtout as the Arkham fighting system, as it doesnt reward you for timing your attacks. So feel free to button mash, and if you split attacks between more than one enemy they get REALLY confused. You never really feel threatened or in danger. If an enemy tries to shoot you from afar, theres no need to worry. You have several seconds to prepare and execute a Nicholas Cagelike bullet dodge with the dodge button. So you can dodge every bullet. Welcome to the Animatrix.When you reduce an enemys health to 0, they dont fall or die. They stay in a PunchOutesque slouched position, half heartedly attacking you until you perform a horrendously animated finishing move on them with the camera zooming in for dramatic effect. Mind you, its not very dramatic when this happens with literally every single enemy in the game. The sound design is very lacking here as well, as many finishers use borderline stock sound effects for your fists and weapons impacting. Many of these are poorly synced to the animations as well.3  Everyone complains about the grappling hook/zip line. It is actually a very smart choice in design, and highlights a flaw in the setting. The broad streets of London, and tall flat faced buildings, do not allow ACs freerunning/climbing mechanics to shine. One of the quintessential Assassins Creed features does not translate well to a modernizing city. Who wouldve thought. I am glad the grapple mechanic was introduced, as it helps gloss over the fact thata The setting was a poor choice for the style of game they were making, which is why theyre going back to Ancient Egypt, avoiding UltraWide city streets.andb They absolutely botched the freerun navmeshing and made it feel unsatisfying and clumsy to run across rooftops and parkour through the city.The camera is also unbearably close to your character with a very minimal FOV. Very bad for those of you who experience simulation sickness easily, expecially seeing as it jumps around desperately trying not to clip through walls. There is no known way to change this. Not through ingame settings, or ini edits, so have fun on your collectathon kids.The clothing physics were also locked at 30 fps for my game, and so i was left wearing a cardboard cape for the first hour of my experience. I use a 60 hz monitor on a medium range rig. There is a fix for this at least, and its relatively easy to find if you google it yourself.4 Seems everyone in Industrial London is both deaf and legally blind. Citizen NPCs have absolutely NO impact on the environment. Everyone is there solely to react to you. None of their reactions trigger anything. They just stand there in wonder, or scream and beg you not to kill them. Meanwhile the guard standing 15 feet behind them has no idea of whats transpired because hes facing the opposite direction and apparently needs some hearing aids. Enemies have a visual range of maybe 20 feet or 6 meters, and no peripheral vision whatsoever. There is one such example early on in the game which id like to point out.There is a civilian talking with a guard who is also his friend. I killed the guard in front of him because he wouldnt move on, and I needed to pass him without being detected. The civilian man stood there screaming, hands at his side in a nuetral position. Meanwhile the guard behind him was completely unaware of what happened because he was facing 90 degrees to the left. The civilian didnt sound any alarms.The AI is barebones and is there for decoration.This is the easiest stealth game Ive ever played.It is the worst Assassins Creed Ive ever played.It is the least interesting Assassins Creed Ive ever played.Do not spend more than 10.00 on this game. Its not worth it I assure you. 