Syndicate is a step up from Unity but a step down from Blackflag. If youre looking for a solid AC game with good mechanics and enjoyable characters this game may be for you. If youre looking for a game with a deep plot or gameplay that mixes up the franchise you should probably skip this one.I will start by stating that I am really enjoying this game. Its a solid entry to the franchise that will give folks everything they have loved from the older AC games with a little more polish and far better graphics. Where AC bogs down is in its failure to bring anything new to the table.Blackflag, by far one of my favorite games of all time, took the AC franchise and revolutionized it by adapting and building upon the preexisting mechanics to create something new and exciting. It tied these mechanics into the core of the gameplay to create a unique environment that was exciting and energetic. Syndicate fails at this, instead stagnating in old concepts and only adding in minor new mechanics that are mostly oriented around speeding up gameplay and fixing playability issues. Items like the hook shot, while fun and useful, are nothing more than an attempt to save players from spending hours scaling buildings that they just have to come back down. Something AC probably should have fixed long ago.The characters in Syndicate are well rounded, unique, and have great report with one another. Unfortunately the detail put into the character development was not put into the plot which can be disjointed and jarring at times. Its engaging enough to keep me playing but nothing to write home about. It appears that far more thought was put into the side missions then the main story line. I particularly enjoyed the Charles Dickens side quests which were great fun and changed up the atmosphere of the game.I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a good old AC romp Unity Excluded of course. It would also be a great starting point for anyone who has never played an AC game and likes open world exploration and unique games mechanics. I doubt it will appeal to folks who know AC and have gotten bored with it. They will be looking for something new and wont find it here. 