My specsCPU i75960X  3.9GHzGPU GTX 980Ti Hybrid  1452MHzGame is installed on an SSD, played at 1440p with 60fps across the board.Graphics are set to the highest preset except AO set to HBAO, AA set to off, and shadows set to High.The highest options would make the fps dip below 60, highly undesireable for me.REVIEW PROPERTechnical aspects the game is demanding, but it seems its not unoptimized. The GPU load will often go between 80 and 90 but so far no area regardless of what was happening on the screen or the weather made the fps dip under 60. I have no idea if this scales down to lower end cards very well or not, but for my particular use case Im not dissapointed the game looks the part for what its squeezing out of the graphics card. I will duck points for the top tier features nuking the performance though, and lack of more lightweight AA options such as SMAA. A choice between FXAA and 2xMSAAFXAA is hardly a choice. Bugs and glitches have basically been nonexistent only one graphical bug in 7 hours of playing, a minor one at that and zero gamebraking bugs or anything immersion breaking. Overall Id rate the technical aspects somewhere along the lines of a 7.5/10 since at the time of writing the physics are locked to 30fps and it really doesnt look good when the rest of the game is running at 60fps. I hope theyll fix that soon.Gameplay its pretty much the most refined AC game I played yet I havent played Unity mind you. Traversing London is very enjoyable, the place is huge and I barely scratched the surface of it. The option to play as either Jacob or Evie save for some character specific missions is a very nice touch and I like being given a choice here. The combat can actually be hard and youre not an unstopabble killing machine, at least not in the beginning. This makes the upgrades actually meaningful, and as a result the combat gains a lot here. Id rate it at something along the lines of 9/10Audio Excellent, it really gives almost a tactile feeling to what youre doing in game. The voice actors do a good job at least from what I can tell and the music is nice and appropriate.Overall I find the game very enjoyable and apart from that 30fps physics lock there have been no technical difficulties that would take away from that enjoyment. It might be that Ubisoft learned from their mistake with Unity and released a better polished product or they just got better in implementing their technology. In any case for what it is now I can without a doubt recomment this game, with just a word of warning that you need a beefy machine to run it. 