This game...Ive played every mainline AC game until now. After ACIII, I became completely desinterested in this series, yet I somehow continued playing it. After slugging through Unity on PS4 no less, I was done... then ACS was on sale very short after release and the reviews said, the game is not that bad...Well, for the first few hours, it isnt. Its quite competent. It looks really nice, runs well, if you have the PC that can run it, plays a bit better than the games before it in the series. But then you get into the completely pointless story, that doesnt engage you in any way. Cardboard cutouts of characters interacting with each other to no point. A shoehorned love plot, that has not earned its right to be in the game suddenly one main character has feelings for another guy... but were not shown why or how it happened. It just happens.The main story arc can be explained in maybe two minutes. The rest is filler. Theres no twists, no turns. Just kill that guy and find the MacGuffin. Nothing else... but its stretched to a good 10 to 20 hours if you focus on the story.The last two or three memories are THE worst, though. Suddenly, you get contacted by some guy... that sort of wants to play a game with you and your enemies. Its 4 missions, or so, of complete filler, with mission designs directly lifted from the open worldyoure tasked to do to free London anyways. And in the end, he betrays you and you kill him. Completely out of the blue. No real connection to the rest of the game. Seems like it was supposed to be DLC, but it wasnt good enough to sell on its own, so it was boxed with the game.And climax makes you play fcking GTA taxi missions, for gods sake. And for what? Some irrelevanat dialogue of a guy you only met once before and youll never meet again, about stuff that doesnt matter in the game at all. Only for him to give you some plans.Some missions forbid you to do the stuff you do all the time... like kill people. Why? Doesnt tell you... in some missions, it doesnt even tell you that, beforehand. You just fail, if you kill... only then you know. Some additional mission incentives make you not kill Templars. That goes against what the Assassins do. WHY would a 100 sync make me NOT kill them? No reason given. This doesnt happen often, but it stands out.I was actually getting angry at the game in the end. It was such lazy mission design. None of it stood out. The story, the missions, everything was lazily thrown together to meet the deadline of christmas. Given, it works a lot better than Unity did on release... but I think Unity was, at least to some degree, a better game with a more engaging story and that says a lot, since I didnt like Unity that much, eitherThe endboss is... boring... Ill leave it there.So... in the end, save you some money. Rather get Black Flag, Brotherhood or AC2. All of those games are miles better than Syndicate, run better on older hardware, and have much better mission design. Though some flaws noted here are present in those games as well.