First time I played Assassins Creed was seven years ago on the 360 with Assassins Creed I. It was ground breaking for younger me and it captured a whole new style of gameplay. Fast forward to a month ago I decided to buy Assassins Creed Black Flag because pirates and sure enough, it was very much the same game I love and enjoy with whole new mechanics with naval battles, ship customization, Island hopping from city to city. The game was amazing. After finishing it I saw the reviews for Assassins Creed Syndicate and decided it must be even better because it is a few years newer and next gen. BOY WAS I WRONG. The mechanics are horrible, you try to do X and you end up doing Y. The missions are the same three formulaic goals with no imagination. And the Tranny HOLY You pretty much took a hot topic, and tried to monetize it by shoving it down the players throat with trying to make it seem as if it was historically significant. Women back then would dress as men because it was the ownly way to gain prestige. MEN DID NOT dress as women/choose to have therelobbed off because that only knocked you down the social ladder. Did you know that in order to transition, the male has to periodically put alike object inside the fake  to prevent the male anatomy from healing it because it treats it like a wound? Not to mention the potential for it to tear if you decide to go down on a BBC. Also the amount of puss that accumulates in the event of a tear, coupled with the fact you will never reach , only further explains why suicide rates among trans are nearly 50 in the first year of there surgery.Even after knowing all of this you still decide to try and ram thisdown the players throat. Additionally, why did you make Jacob out to be such a There was literally no reason for half of his reactions to be so ing . And Evie? What the  it takes 20 hits to kill people with her why would I want to play as a character who literally performs less than the other twin? Also the way money is collected and the leveling mechanics. Both are literally . At least with Black Flag I could go on a rampage and take down an Armada of ships and at the end of an hour of pure fun I got to sell all my booty and see the fruits of my labor. Syndicate however makes every pound a  to accumulate and in the end I find myself scrounging and farming just to get the next  weapon.The weapons. My god the ing weapons. A cane that has a sword in it? Dis Gun be Gud. NOPE! literally takes the player 10 hits with the blunt end of the ing thing before you draw the blade and kill someone. Even the assassin kills are ing lame. You can either choose to walk up for a pretty basic stab to the chest, or you can run up and perform the most  trip and stab attack which then results in taking more time to engage the enemies around you. WHAT THE ? I can not believe I cant refund my purchase on this game and because of that I will not be purchasing another Assassins creed title.In short, if you are considering purchasing this game, DONT. It will leave you depressed that you wasted 40 dollars of such a  title.