Syndicate is another Assassins Creed game set in 19th century London. I say another because not much has changed from the previous titles. You get a thirdperson actionadventure RPG with the same basic fighting skills and controls as any other Assassins Creed game. What does Syndicate give you? A step back on a new engine.Syndicate is designed on the same engine as Unity and looks very much the same as Unity did last year only without the poorly opimized gameplay Unity had upon release fixed four months later. You get a new gadget to play with early on in the game, the grappling attachment to the assassins blade. Syndicate also takes a step back to older styled combat after fans complained that Unity was overly simplified which provides a steeper challenge, especially if you wander into an area a few levels higher.I found navagating the city worse than Unity. Unity for the most part was very decent except trying to jump off a fence or going into a window. Syndicates controls with a keyboard and mouse are worse. I can be climbing and trying to shimmy right with the D key pressed and Jacob shimmys left! In just over 12 hours of gameplay, I have had this happen several times while trying to navigate support beams under bridges and the train stations.Another area I found disappointing was the lack of stats on gear choices that Unity introduced. I rather enjoyed having so many options to load my character up with to attempt a stealth vs full on kill everything mission. Syndicate takes another step back to the quest rewards and crafting gear with very limited options other than those found on outfits.One aspect of Unity I really enjoyed was the CoOp club activities I played with my 12 year old son. We had a blast and as a result I have over two hundred hours in Unity which is double what I have in any other AC game and up to 5 times what I have in the older AC titles. I was very disappointed that the CoOp club activities were abandoned in Syndicate this time around as I found that to be one of the most redeeming qualities of Unity.The story is good, not great. It is the familar obtain the pieces of eden at any cost from or before the templars use them to destory the world with corrupt power. The best part of the sotry is that you get to play as two people. The interaction between the twins Jacob  Evie really help to push the story along and make it fun. For the most part you can choose who you want to play with the exception of the story line which will force you to play one or the other at times.Graphically Syndicate looks as great as Unity did, maybe just a bit better. The engine runs smooth although the system requirements are extremely steep. Running triple SLI with 3x gtx 980s my frame rate will take a hit with everything on max settings but that may be in part due to a lack of sli support. On a good note, the game still looks great on lower/mid cards such as a gtx 960 on low settings. Syndicate definitely looks better than Unity did on low settings.Better combatBetter optimized graphicsFun interaction between twin charactersControls are worseNo CoOp club activitiesLimited stats to build your characterI was very disappointed in the absence of the CoOp club activities, the poor control issues, and the lack of stats on gear for character custimization. But in the end Syndicate does provide that very familar AC game experience if not over familar. Syndicate is ejoyable although do not expect to spend several hundred hours in this title like you may have with AC IV Black Flag, AC Rogue, or AC Unity. The content of ship battles, exploration, and CoOp activities are just not there. 