If your looking for a AC game with more guns and more focus on the assassin part of the story, look no further!This game is a breakthorugh in the AC series, personally i enjoy more options with firearms in the game and i think that this game bridges the gap between flintlock era and the revolver era perfectly.The game is short, in under 35 hours i finished the entire story line and did all the boroughs. i have not collected all the music boxes or anything else but the game can be compleated in 35 hours. if this a problem with you, you may want to look into DLC.The voice acting is good, everyones accent is relistic and does not feel faked out, people in the game are historic dickens ect and they have good side quests to give you. the frye twins do feel somewhat gapped though, whomever you decide to play more with, its more of a burden to play with the other when forced to.The main pro of this game is the customization, it has much more than any previous AC game, you can upgrade both frye twins, upgrade the gang, upgrade your hidden blade, clothes, canesword, kukuri, pistols, bombs,knives,darts everything. some of the upgrades are simple and basic but some of them for the gang are very helpful.London...London london london.....This was a big let down for me, In all truth, Black Flag must be 3 of London put together. the city is not as large as one might think what makes it seem big is the fact that all the buldings are built like walls with no allyways so you have to use the roads if on foot. once you run roofs the city becomes very very small. Personally, black flag is much much larger than london, not to say london sucks, there are cool places to go, the Tower of London, the Palace, The Bank of England. but the map overall is very small.Overall, i would reccommend this game to someone who likes the firearm side of the game, and the brutality. But! i would not buy this game for 40 wait for it to go on sale and get it on sale. it does not offer enough replay value on its own to pay 40 or more for the basegame.