So I purchased this game in the hopes that it would be somewhere between the level of Black Flag and AC2. Sadly I think this is one of the weakest titles in the series to date, to be fair however I havent played Unity, Liberation, or Rogue so there is that.So where to begin. On the plus side the games fighting mechanics and new assasination animations are top notch. However that and the graphical representations are about the only thing that are up to snuff in this one. There is so much of what could have been here and as we know once Ubisoft releases a title for PC it is pretty much done baring a few cheesey dlcs. The skill tree was a nice touch BUT we have two different assassins to control with, supposedly, two different skill sets. The skill tree is identical all the way down untill you get to the very end of it. So the whole two assassin thing is basically a moot point until midway through the title.  Upgrading your gang was a nice touch but I hardly ever used them. I am in sequence 6 now and have hardly had a need for them, essentially I find it to be a money sink. There is also a fair amount to do with side missions and a ton of collectables if youre a completionist like me.Now the bad and there is a lot. This is one of the worst optimized titles in the series in my library, and it isnt even close. Granted I am running an OCd 7890, but that card can handle anything I throw at it. This title runs barely runs a sustained 30fps.  If I can run R6 Seige, Elite Dangerous, and a handfull of others at a sustained 45fps with no issues on high graphics, why is it this title I must have everything set on low just to run it at 1920x1080? Just terrible.Then there is the story, or lack there of. In virtually every other title there is something to get you hooked on the characters and draw you in right from the start. That basic story telling aspect is totally absent from this title. The AC series is built on a great story and solid mechanics, The dev team only went half way here. Between vaugue references to the Main characters father and the whole Hey sis lets go free London there is NOTHING there.  I asked for a refund but because I forgot to shutdown my system and left the game running, steam hasnt given me one. Stupid two hour rule...If youre looking for something comparable to Black Flag, or even AC3 look elsewhere because this isnt it.