is 2015s entry to the popular Assassins Creed franchise. With claims that the franchise is growing stale and 2014s Assassins Creed Unity, the franchise needs to win its fans back. Does it, though? As a huge fan of the series who detested ACIII and Unity, I think it did.Set in 19th century industrial London, the story follows the twins Jacob and Evie Frye on their quest to take a mega baddie Templar whose name I totally forgot. Does that say enough about the story? Not really. The story of Assassins vs. Templars is getting a bit stale by the 9th entry in the series and the game does not offer anything new in that regard. What it does though is throw us right into the action of that conflict without dragging out the first part of the game by giving us how the twins joined the creed or any backstory. I personally found that a bit refreshing.Jacob and Evies personalities and methods are different. He likes to use brute force and go out with style while she likes to plan ahead and do things discreetly and stealthily. Their banter is one of the highlights of the games narrative, I just loved watching the two of them go at it on screen. Their journey to take down the Templars in London makes them cross paths with historical figures such as queen Victoria, Charles Dickens, and Charles Darwin. The two also form a street gang called the Rooks in hopes of battling the Templars gang which controls the city.The game does nothing to progress the modern day story just like Assassins Creed titles since Black Flag.Overall, the story was nothing groundbreaking yet fun to experience with a slightly disappointing ending.For the first time in the series, you control two characters that you can be switchable at almost any time. Their differences are stark since Jacob is more of a brute that can sustain a great deal of damage while Evie is better suited for stealth missions. The Assassination missions are a highlight in the game. They are grand in scale with a number of ways to achieve the end goal. I think that they can be compared to Hitman Blood Moneys missions though a bit smaller.Out of all the missions that I played, only one of them was a boring tailing mission! Outside the games main missions, there are a plethora of side missions including the 7 districts to liberate from Templar influence. Each district has 4 different kinds of side missions you need to complete in order to liberate said district with a finale consisting of an epic gang war.As for the movement, the parkour mechanics improve upon those of Unity and they do a great job at it. Free running has two dedicated buttons now one takes you up while the other one takes you in the opposite direction. This new system is great, but only when it works. I found myself having to climb all the way down a building and climbing back up just get over a small gap thanks to the lack of a jump feature. Yes, you cannot jump since there isnt a dedicated command to do so. The new rope launcher is a welcome addition to the series and is actually one of my favorite gadgets. It makes traversing the streets of London faster and more fun. Think of yourself as a 19th century Spiderman. Drivable carriages were also a welcome addition since the city is so large 30 larger than Unitys Paris. I did find one odd thing about climbing, though, it feels as if the player can only move in a grid because sometimes I would try to climb certain objects that were normally climbable in previous AC games but couldnt as Jacob or Evie would just skip them and go over them.Combat is finally fun to play and not only to watch! Much needed improvements were made to the combat which makes it fast, fluid, and most importantly, fun. The brutal combat animations make Jacob and Evie look as badass as they dress.It is important to note that the game is the first Assassins Creed title not to feature any form of multiplayer since Assassins Creed Brotherhood. To be honest, I dont really miss it.The game is beautiful to gawk at. The busy streets of London feel alive with carriages, workers, children, merchants and all sorts of people roaming around. Gang wars also come to life with two dozens of NPCs battling it out while you mow them down with great combat animations and executions. Facial animations were also great except the weird and quirky facial animations of gang members. Location wise, London itself is a good location for an Assassins Creed title, but I feel that the European locations are growing a bit stale since I feel that they are mostly the same.Voice acting is superb that, especially Jacob and Evies which makes their banter even more enjoyable. Music is atmospheric and fits the game. Other than that it isnt as memorable as ACIIs or Revelations.TLDRProsConsOverall, Assassins Creed Syndicate is a solid new entry in the franchise that is better treated as an individual game since it does nothing to advance the overall Assassins Creed story arc. The game features improved combat and parkour and a fun, selfcontained story.