Well, in the last few months Ive been playing AC games like Black Flag, Syndicate. First of all, I can see how this game has been improving gameplay wise, it is completely evolved into something new and most of these changes are in the right direction. One thing about this game is that climbing just doesnt feel as fast as before, I dont know why, could be just me. Movement in this game is absolutely lovely, mechanics are really good. There are a few things about combat, it may have changed a bit but you can still counter and kill an enemy and sometimes when 2 of them are attacking at once you cant time the second block right. This game also builds on the ship upgrade system that Black Flag had, but instead you upgrade your gang, your gear and your skills. Talking about skills, the first skill you should aim is the skill that makes bad guys not triggered 24/7. It is like heaven after unlocking that skill. Two characters are built amazingly and the idea is really good but I found the overall story a bit lackluster and I think that it is a bit too jumpy at times where I couldnt really make a sensible connection, instead it just happened that way. The map is divided into few parts and conquering these is really fun, even though it seemed like the same thing over and over again at the beginning, in the end I realized that the challenges differ, locations, shooter counts etc all change. The gang street fight is really cool but I just do not understand something, the gang leader comes to you, and then runs away from you. This is really stupid. Either just dont come, or just do the fight. If you manage to kill the leader, than the gang street fight feels stupid, you just beat some people up and suddenly you won. Also go and search the fix for the STUPID AND ING ANNOYING 30 FPS cloth animations thing because IT IS AN ABOMINATION AND MADE ME WANT TO KILL MYSELF.Overall I would rate this game 8/10, 2 points of deductions from a few bugs that I faced and the relatively bad storytelling.This is the best AC game I played game mechanics wise, and I would recommend this to anyone who likes AC and wants to play. 