My last review for this game was just talking about the fact that this game improved the franchise but didnt go in depth. So now I will give it the review it deserves.Assassins Creed Syndicate is another great entry in the series after the faulty release of Unity.This game is much more progressive, well made, and exciting than Unity was. While we have seen amazing entries in the series before like the Ezio games and AC4 and Rogue, this game still holds the high quality standard of an Assassins Creed Game.In this game you play as Jacob and Evie Frye, two Assassin Twins that fight to free London from the hands of the Templars and their rival gang The Blighters. The game ties in new features and gang wars to create a newer, fresher experience in Assassins Creed.Jacob Frye is a loud tough dude, doesnt stick much to subtlety or stealth.While Evie Frye is the sneakier and more methodical character. And she isnt oversexualized or exposed like other videogame characters. No sexual moans in battle, and proper Assassin Robes that actually look like they should.Combat is new, faster and in my opinion more fun than before. In older games we saw different kinds of enemies that you would have to use different attacks on in order to defeat. In Assassins Creed 4 it was more Counter everyone and use tools on people that you cant counter. In this game everyone can be countered, but the new system is much better in a way that I honestly can not describe. Its just good.This game features a leveling system which lets the player unlock perks or skills. Some of these skills are new and exclusive to this entry like extra damage on vehicles and some are reasonable like extra damage on throwing knives. There is one complaint that everyone seems to have, that being you have to unlock double Assassinations. There isnt really any problem with this, in fact, it is the first skill you unlock in the game, and up until that point of the game it isnt even necessary or really even able to be used, so its just a fine way of explaining the system.The world is big, and you can go into World War 1 the future at that point in time to live part of the life of one of the Frye twins descendants.The game is full of great content.DLCThere is quite a bit of DLC in the game, but none of it really takes away from the experience. There is a DLC of newer mission packs, and a lot of DLC for extra in game goodies, and cosmetics, none if it necessary or that big a deal.Great Game.