This game is embarrassing to show people. There are so many flaws, technical, narrative, and otherwise. Its a good thing Ubisoft is taking some time off to figure out what to do with this series, because this is the first main AC game I will have not finished, and would have divorced me from the franchise. Unity was a technical mess, but I still managed to finish that.This is a bad game with a terrible identity crisis it is so obvious that it was touched by many teams comprising hundreds of people mostly strange to each other because there just isnt any polish to be found. Its a plethora of systems and activites all competing to give the player something to do, in an open world context that is of such modern cliche that I can point singly to this title as the one that convinced me the concept is stale yet garish in its desperation to entertain you.The controls have always been iffy in these games, but layers upon layers of iterations on contextual inputs and  finicky movement culminates into such a frustrating mess for Syndicate. Theyve solved the problem with the unpredictable parkour by just largely deprecating it with the grappling hook the streets are so wide, and buildings so far apart, to accommodate the terrible horse  buggy driving system, that the grappling hook is necessary to gain any ground if you want to move or explore above street level.This entry epitomises the series fast and loose cashin development cycles by being a buggy, discordant mess. Frequent crashes, bugs, absurd AI behavior, disjointed narrative  how they expect the player to invest in the activities being asked of them when it can barely bother to set precedence to do so is just incomprehensible. I thought about just mainlining the story as I have in the past, but it is so heavily discouraged by flashing the proverbial advertisement for a new task / activity / chore every 10 feet you move, that trying to even make sense of what or where the next story mission is can be its own minigame especially given that, for example, you may have 3 different Sequence 5 main story quests available at once. Which to pick? Its like they purposely tried to disrupt cohesion around their narrative just out of fear that the player could possibly feel aimless at any given moment. Instead of guiding the player, they dissuade progress.I also love how, instead of teaching me its systems, it would just inform in a tooltip that I have 51 new tutorial entries to look at in the menu. Cool. I feel like I could go on, but Ive given up on this game, and prattling on and on about a year old games flaws at this point is just an excercise in selfflagulation. 