Assassins Creed Syndicate is the very first modern Assassins Creed ever created. When you think London in the middle of 1868, London is in the middle industrial revolution and it is only 75 years away from French revolution. However it feels like a thousand years has passed, because it completely changes people how they live.Introducing two main protagonists, Jacob and Evie, they will fight back free up London using their street gangs. Jacob and Evie have to gather people to take down the Templars.I wont spoil the story but I can tell you that youll learn many of historical stories which are a lot more interesting than your school.  Starring Charles Darwin, Karl Max, Alexander Graham bell, Queen Victoria and many more Syndicate manages to deliver a cohesive and satisfying tale.The gameplay has been polished a lot, seems like the developer has learned a lot from the previous series.In Syndicate, developers also revamp the combat system. Back then, London, in 1868, is the time of concealed weapon. Back in the time, 70 years before was Medieval time period. Weapon was to have a sword, axe, and etc. But now in London 1868, London is not possible to do that. Therefore the combat is more to street combat style where everything has been brought into close quarters. Syndicate focuses on melee combat, with Jacob and his street gang pulling enemies into fist fights on the city streets. Combat is no less brutal than in previous games, but bringing fights between you and your enemies closer allows for some seriously coollooking cinematic kills. They are faster and more brutal than ever. Thanks to weapons like the brass knuckles.Countering, Chain kills, Double kills, Enemy shields, Disarming, Hiring, Cinematic kills, Weapon toss, Variety of projectiles, and etc have been brought back. But, combat using the hidden blade like in Assassin Creed 2 or brotherhood has not been brought back. Its only being used for the finishing move.London buildings are taller and wider than any features in the series before.  Syndicate introduces the rope launcher a tool that probably the game changer of the game, which lets Jacob and Evie rapidly ascend to high ledges and create ziplines across wide gaps to help them quickly get around these larger spaces. Player can use it almost in any building that they want.The way how you switch your character is just like GTA V, you can freely switch whenever you want from the Menu. You are in open world it is your choice to play whether you want to play as Jacob or Evie. However, within the main sequences/chapters, whichever you want to refer to, this world will alternate between the two depending on the story what you want to tell. In addition, what make it more fun is the perks/upgrades is different within each other.Whistling is also back, is just as useful as ever, as we found when we used it to lure a gang member to our hiding spot for a quick, clean kill from cover.The Hood toggle works beautifully. While you are in the stealth mode you will always have your hood on. When you are walk freely or not in the stealth mode, you can have your hood away.This is the big part of Syndicate. Thinking of London in 1868, London has The Carriage. The player can steal the vehicle and even hijack it. Player also can ride on it hide in it and even fight on the top. The carriage is a powerful tool for the player to navigate freely. But be aware that enemy can also use it to against you.Just almost like in Brotherhood series where you can hire your Assassins brotherhood. Instead of that, in Syndicate you can hire your gang to fight with you.As you explore the magnificence of London city in the 19 Century, it makes you want to pack up your stuffs immediately and fly to London. Skyhigh towers, stone walkways line the financial center, galloping horse carriage, redbox telephone, homeless burn fires in trash cans in alleys, stations bustle with passengers and passing trains, London feels alive. Its breathtaking.The character design is really sharp. Looking at the white silky smooth beard of Charles Darwin in the highly detailed graphic makes you want to try to pull his beard or burn it.The lighting in this game is absolutely amazing. Everything looks believable, they are using HDR effect to slowly blend in the darker place to the brighter place you can see from indoor to outdoor, the outdoor is very bright. As you are going out, the brightness will slowly blend in to normal brightness. In other hand, from brighter place to darker place, you can from outdoor to indoor the room started with very dark lighting and slowly blends in to normal brightness. Honestly, this is one of best looking openworld everything looks amazing, the buildings, the shadow, the texture, the detail, are astounding.Talking about music, because in Assassins Creed 3 the music was almost dead all the time. In Syndicate, as player move throughout the city, you will hear different ambient music. For instance, in the street you could hear people playing violin, or, if you are in the pop music place, you could hear pop music. It is really nice to have this idea in the game because it reflexes different feeling where you are in. Thanks to Austin Wintory, a great grammynominated Journey composer for creating awesome music background for Syndicate. You are not far from Jesper Kyd.Both the story missions and the openworld activities work better than previous series. It isnt perfect, but with such a beautiful city, a genuinely likeable cast of characters, and many improvements to both stealth and combat this feels like a step in the right direction for Assassins Creed. You can stick with this game for hundreds of hours to finish it on 100 sync memories.1.Some random crash and freeze screen sometimes happens.2.To running on 60 fps with everything on maximum setting, you really need strong pc specs. Even if you are running on GTX 970 or AMD R9 380 GPU with core i5 6600K CPU, you probably still need to struggle lowering down the display setting.Taking core i7 is highly recommended and gets the higher GPU probably.3.Currently SLI is not that beneficial.Hopefully they will release next patch soon to fix all the problems.