Okay. I have a lot to say about this game.Im a long time fan of the game. Like most people, I started with the first game but REALLY got into the second game and further. I had a horrible experience with Unity and havent picked up a game since. I went in with very low expectations. If it can run, its better than that piece of Buying it on sale for 15 meant I wouldnt feel as bad if it didnt work.Now, Ill say it beat my expectations, but no way does that warrant ever paying more than 20 for this game, for a AAA game from a AAA developer, this does not deserve a AAA pricetag, and heres whyIts buggy. This game came out 2 YEARS from when I started playing it and there are still massive bugs  Freezing during parts of storylines, ragdolling at random points, and just overall roughness in animation.The gameplay is weak. This has fealt the most onrails of any Assassins Creed game. I think the developers saw all the times people would accidently jump at an angle they didnt want to in previous games that they just made it impossible for anyone to do anything. It seems like one step further would be to add a query for each movement, Would you like to Jump right? Yes No How many Assassins Creed games are there? And they STILL havent ironed out the most basic part of the game? Dont get me started on the combat. You have three buttons that you mash. Oh is mashing left clicking not working? Try space bar once. Someone going to attack you? Deflect it and instantly kill them with E.The story is so OpenWorld that Im not sure what I should be focusing on. Whats a main story quest, and which one is just a side quest? Am I missing an important quest to get this cool weapon, or is it some pay2win item?I could go on and on, but I think im just going to stop there for now. I guess I reallyon the game in my review, but a lot of that comes from a place of love. I loved AC 2, Brotherhood, Revelations and Black Flag. This isnt just laziness or a failed attempt by Ubisoft. This game to me feels like greed from the developers. They know that we will buy their game, so they dont care about our experience after our money is in their hands.