This review includes my opinion, and some of the fixes for certain issues to the game Nvidia users.If you are an AC fan like me, you would appreciate Ubisofts effort for making a better game after what happened with Unity. Jacob and Evies different personality and play style offers so much more experience than previous games. The parkour was somewhat the same as unity, although this time they added the grappling hook not to be confused with the hook blade of course for easier navagation, since in the late 1800s, roads are wider. At first I thought that would just killed the entire parkour experience AC fans loved so much about, and even though i understand why the grappling gun was neccessary and that its just a game, I still find it weird at times how this physics defying tool can exist in victorian london. But trust me, without it you will be miserable in this game. I just think the game developers can come up with a more realistic/ better navagating tool for that period, or at least limit the features like gliding upwards with your hand.The covering system/ stealth mode is quite nice, although since they got rid of the enter cover button i sometimes am not sure if i am in cover or not, but trust me, it does not affect your stealth play one bit, in fact its an improvement. And one of the things i like about this newly installed AC game is the enter stealth mode feature. Wearing a hood all the time makes you look more suspicious doesnt it? especially in an era where its not a fashion trend. So they added the feature where jacob and evie will only put on their hood when youre entering stealth mode, jolly good!Issues with the gameIm playing this game on my MSI GS60 gaming laptop, i got a intel core i7 6700 HQ cpu and an Nvidia GTX970m with 16 gs of vram. I thought this is more than enough to play the game, but I encountered some problems when launching the game.Issue 1 Full screen/ windowed problem.My screen supports 4K, but as you gamers know playing on 4K requires much more than what I have, so when turn the resolution down to 1080p, the game wont let me enter full screen, to fix this simply click on the diplay option and select borderless fullscreenIssue 2 Frame rate dropNow i know this is a graphic demanding game, but come on I got a GTX970m.... sigh oh well i will admit gaming on a laptop, you win some you lose some. But to fix this issue just turn off ambient occlusion, you really cant tell much of the difference, and set your anti aliasing to FXAA. Overall, depending on your gaming rig, if you are like me, or close to mine, set your graphic preset to high instead of ultra, gaming on ultra for this game you probably need a better gaming rig than what i have.Issue 3 ACS auto select GPU as integrated GPUSo like i said I got a GTX 970m, but my integrated GPU is of course ier, a intel HD 5000 or something like that. After I install the new Driver from GeExperience for my GPU, ACS suddenly uses my integrated GPU. son of a ..... anyways, to fix this, just find nvidia control panel on your computer, select manage 3dD settings, program settings, and then select ACS as the program you want to customize, and then underneath it select your prefer graphic processor as high performance nvidia processor. It worked for me. Also like to point out all my other games like Fallout 4, ACU, Far cry 4 have no issue with this, so maybe its something to do with the game. I have no idea.Issue 4 Game crashes/ stopped working after a while....All i can say for this, is to play the game as admin, locate your game in your steamapps file, right click on ACS icon, play as admin, ever since i did that, no crashes for 2 hours of gameplay. so..... yay....i guess.... 