UPDATE!!!!!!!! SLI DOES NOT WORK IN SOME AREAS AND WILL CAUSE CRASHING ESPECIALLY IN SEQUENCE 5 BEWARE IT WILL NOT WORK IN SOME AREAS!! I spent 4 hours trying to fix this. Doing everything people told me to do. Honestly this is a big FU from ubisoftI wish there was a meh choice for reviews... However I do feel like I am a tad biased as I just finished playing Black Flag which IMO is the best Assassins Creed game of all time. Even beats 2 for me.Movement. What makes and breaks Assassins Creed. Why I liked Assassins Creed so much before is for the easy running that just makes me smile like Black Flag. Making it more complex is even ok more but pressing 3 buttons to jump certain areas on my Xbox one controller feels rather tired then fun. The horse riding is pretty fun but nowhere near as fun as the ships in Black FlagEnviroment Made me feel like I was in Piccadilly underground again. PTSD of each time I get lost in that line every year I go to London. Which is good... I guess...  Not as good as the oceans and islands in Black FlagStory...  very good, if I go into details I will be spoiling... except you meet like every famous British person from that time period within a 1 hour period such as Charles Darwin, Charles Dickins and Florence Nightingale...  seems kinda forced and was like HEY WE ARE IN ENGLAND BOIS Surprised we didnt meet the entire cast of Harry Potter and Downtown Abbey within 1 second. Story is not as good as Black Flag.Also the fighting is rather clunky to say the least. Like I kill the enemy and I just keep on hitting the enemy for like 5 more times. That bothers me a lot because I just wanna move the hell or even move to kill my next enemy. Besides that.. its decent.. I dont like the press A to go into stealth mode either... Maybe just something to get used to. But one thing for SURE I will never like is the overkill combat. Like I kill the enemy in 8 hits but just for pride my character without me wanting to or pressing any buttons hits the enemy about 4 more times. I liked the fighting MUCH better in Black Flag.Graphics... Hit or miss with me... Looks mostly great on 34401440p... everything looks great... but theres the cockroach in the soup. The GOD AWFUL lighting. I mistaken lighting for white paint sometimes and yes I am running this on ultra maxed out. One thing that Syndicate does better then Black FlagOptimization... Love it   Runs smooth 90 frames on 34401440p on ultra maxed out besides some small stuff like AA. Granted I have a beast system but much better then the 30 frames people with my same specs used to have  About as good as Black FlagChemistry  Very funny banter. Jacob and Evie have great chesmitry and I did buy the fact that they were twins and have a love hate relationship. The characters were funny... But I liked Ezio and Kenway better. And when they bring up Kenway in the story it felt forced as  again but made me have memories of the old game and how much more fun I had in Black Flag then this game. A game should not make me do that. I guess the bars were WAYYY to high after Black Flag and they could not captitalize on it.Overall I liked it... I guess... Very very very very hit or miss. I know I bashed the game but despite all that, I had fun. Thats what matters and I do not feel bad spending 40 bucks on this game. This game broke my csgo obsession for a bit. If you liked 2 then you would love this game.GPU 980ti sliCPU i7 5930kMB X99 DeluxeSSD 1TB Samsung EvoHDD ewRAM 32 GB DDR4 2666CPU Cooler Corsair H110i GTX LiquidCase Corsair 780T ATX Full Tower CasePSU EVGA SuperNOVA P2 1000W PlatinumOS Windows 10 Pro 