Now, this is the first Assassins Creed game Ive played on the PC which is in itself a jarring switch of controls, but the games have always had problematic hangups on freerunning where you suddenly find yourself romantically attached to a wall and unable to move on, or you spontaneously decide that the railing fifteen feet behind you is more appealing to land on than the pathway in front of you midrace, and those feel more present on the PC than console. I havent made it very far into the games story, because Im the type who tries to do all of the available mapopening side quests first so I wont comment on it. Mechanically I do not recommend this game.During a kidnapping event, grabbing Jamie SomethingorOther who appeared to have nothing more to his list of crimes than a frequent urge to peep into peoples windows and bang on their door if he didnt like their utensil placement or something. The problem here is that he was scripted to walk up the five steps to their doorway and just sit there in his animations for twenty seconds at a time before moving a foot to the side and doing it again. To kidnap someone you need to approach them stealthily, from behind. Now I was crouched with my hood up sniffing this mans bottom, a greeting I believe is still customary in Modern London, and I wasnt prompted to kidnap him nor could I despite him following his scripted placement and me following the instructions to the letter.Then we get to the problems with knives and weapons, and I understand the mechanic where your lack of spitshining your knives so that they menacingly glimmer in the sunlight as they spiral towards your victims head for more damage than the laymans unpolished murder utensil, but I honestly feel that it has no purpose in a game that tries to be more realistic in its combat weight. These men are wearing a bowler hat at most on their head, and youre telling me that the sweat of their brow is so significantly dense that it utterly deflects my knife as they scoff at me? Not to mention that if you do manage to stealthily kill a man with a knife, or by dropping barrels on him by severing their rope with a knife, all of their friends see the corpse and instantly predict the wind, trajectory, and velocity of your knife to know where youre standing five seconds later five stories up on a brick shanty. Ive failed stealth missions entirely based on that, killing a man from a rooftop with a thrown knife, walking down the cobbled street for a spot of tea, and then his friends all showing up on my radar simultaneously shaking their fists and telling me I have no business here from twelve blocks over.For a series about stealth, the amount of times Ive been detected by not being witnessed doing a stealth kill is astonishing. Not to mention the times Ive been told to kill a leader undetected, lure their guard away with a whistle and kill them, then watch as another man spawns right before my eyes from a bowler hat brought in with the breeze and blows my cover as his first action in this mortal coil.Without any opinion on the story, I cant recommend this game based on how utterly unwieldy it is to play. It doesnt feel good to control, the stealth is a dice roll at best, and parts of the game force you to upgrade items that shouldnt need upgrading because of their core purpose.With all of that said though, Ive passed the steam deadline on refunds so Ill probably slog through the game for completions sake alone.Edit  Ive tried to play more of it and my opinion on it only gets worse. Im not going to put any more time into this miserable game. Im being instantly killed at full health by a random grunt two levels below me after Ive maxed out the health upgrades possible this early on, you dont get any items back when you die which means if youve been killed by the Second Coming like I keep experiencing your odds of surviving get infinitely worse and Im not even on a mission Im just trapped in this temporal flux of hatred. 