I cannot recommend this game highly enough. Ubisoft learned from Unitys failings, and has crafted an AC game that is as much fun as any AC has been since Brotherhood or Black Flag. I have played every main AC game, and completed them all, except for AC3 which was a debacle and Liberation, which I just lost interest in.1868 London and a quick jaunt to 1916! is a wonderful place to explore. Sure, its really a Dickensian nightmare, but it feels so real! I really did feel like I was walking through a living city, something I havent felt since Revelations Constantinople. The city is the sort of place you want to just wander around and look at! Trafalgar Square, the Tower, Piccadilly Circus, Parliament all of these are places to go and marvel at!The gameplay is likewise fantastic. The fighting is as fluid as its ever been, and despite having all the same AC fighting issues as the rest of the series, its still a blast to fight your way through a group of Templars. My only complaint is that choosing your fist as a weapon has been removed from the engine. That means those poor Bobbies are getting gutted just for doing their job. Its not as bad as the bar fight from Unity, but a lack of a fist option seems silly, when really, sometimes you just want to knock the guy down.The only real gameplay issue I have is the carriage driving. Apparently, horses in Victorian London were pretty damned tough! I can race down the sidewalk in a carriage, knocking over ironlamp posts with impunity, and the horses are cool with that. There are only a few missions requiring the use of a carriage, and I despised them all. Thankfully, theyre quickly done, and mostly easy.I am 50 hours into this game. Ive completed the main storyline, the Queen Victoria missions you get after that, and am now in the midst of the 1916 missions. The 1916 mission, set in and around Tower bridge, are probably several hours worth of play, on their own, and a fascinating look into the death of the Victorian/Edwardian world.And you know what? Theres more to come. The Last Maharajah missions are coming, and the Jack the Ripper DLC.I spent 120cdn on this game. I can honestly say, I have not spent money this well on a game in many, many years! Though admittedly, XCOM2 is gonna swallow up hundreds of hours of my life....