I find the most entertaining thing about this game to be the glitches. Its not the best in the series but it certainly isnt the worst.The missions are interesting in AC for the first time in a long while. The characters however are pretty boring except for the smartass male protagonist who essentially is trying to be a clone of Nathan Drake from the Uncharted series. They threw in a trans gender character for absolutely no reason whatsoever. Im totally fine with them adding a trans character but it has to make sense to the setting or the story. Nobody mentions it, random characters on the streets dont seem to be phased by it, nothing. The game takes place in 1868 London, a time period when women had no rights and were treated incredibly poorly. The game always seems to pride itself on historical accuracy and then goes an does this. Id much rather the character exist, but has to hide or take jeers from other citizens while in public or something along those lines, to show what life would have been like for a transgendered person in that era, but no. Everybody ignores it and the character just exists to pander to a wider audience.The actual story, from what that Ive bothered to play of it, seems moderately uninteresting. The only time that I found myself actually wanting to play the missions is when Im bored of freeroaming and want a giant cinematic setpiece, which the story missions have plenty of and are very well done. I cant comment on the entirety of the story as it hasnt been able to hold my interest long enough to play it.The city itself is fantastic. It feels alive and vibrant, it looks gorgeous from a graphical standpoint and an aesthetic standpoint, my only complaint are the sheer amount of ing chimneys in some neighborhoods. I get that they existed, I get that the time period called for most buildings to have one but FFS they make freerunning on the rooftops a chore instead of a fun method of traversal. If youre going to have a trans character that everybody unanimously accepts in a time period when it wasnt acceptable, the least you can do is remove a few god damn chimneys for the sake of gameplay. The chimneys become LESS of a problem after unlocking the zipline but theyre still quite a hindrance. The zipline and grappling hook are a great new addition and are a blast to use.The game is buggy as hell but in the good way. Every single time this game has bugged out on me, its left me crying from laughter. There was one single instance where a glitch caused me to fail a mission but it still happened in such a way that I couldnt help but chuckle.As far as optimization goes, it seems fairly stable and looks good on my slightly older system. Framerate dips are to be expected with how dense and well rendered the city is. Im glad I havent run into any issues with it so far because the last AC game I owned Black Flag kept screwing up my saves and Ubisoft support was... Less than sympathetic. They kept blaming my computer, I sent them error logs showing them that it was the game not saving properly at which point they said, and this is a real quote, Your ISP internet service provider is blocking vital signals. I can tell from my end that none of the problems you are facing can be fixed by us. Keep in mind that it took them over 2 months to open the support ticket and then theyd respond once a week or every other week after that, just to tell me to screw off.TLDR I have mixed feelings about Syndicate. I want to like it, it makes me laugh when I play it, I cant honestly say that Ive had a bad time with it. However I dont know how to rate it. I got it on sale for 15 which is what I feel is about right for the actual content that Ive used. I absolutely wont recommend this game for anything higher than 25 dollars. It just doesnt keep me entertained long enough to justify a price that high.Overall I think Im going to have to give the games a recommendation when it comes on sale, but not for full price. If the game doesnt work for you for ANY reason, refund it immediately because Ubisoft support will not help you. 