A sadly forgotten and underrated AC game, mostly because it flew under the radar after the disasterous launch of Unity. That, and people are frankly  tired of AC games.This is more AC, theres not much more to say than that. The gameplay continues to evolve slowly, missions are relatively easy to accomplish, including the side objectives, but allow a great deal of freedom in how you accomplish them, which Ive always appreciated about these games.The game is split between two protagonists who you can swap between at any time, Jacob and Evie, sibling assassins. I found the interaction  between the two and their various character types to be interesting, nothing innovative but certainly more entertaining than characters like Conner in AC3, or the french dude who I forgot already in Unity.For completionists this game has a ton ofto do, but its nothing out of the ordinary for these games. Run around the world from icon to icon collecting a million boxes of loot. Most of this is tedious but obviously optional.The world of industrial revolution London is fantastically rendered, and if youre at all interested in history hopefully you are if youre still playing AC games then there is so much to see and explore, backed up by interesting database articles for you to nerd over.If there is one major complaint I have, its the fact that Im absolutely tired of the developers ing away any sympathy for the Templars. They had such a grand chance in this story with the major antagonist Sterrick, then they  it all away by just making him a typical insane edgy bad guy that wants to rule the world. When will they make the player at least sympathize with the Templars? The ultimate fight is order versus freedom, and they never do a great job on selling order.Also,  the checkpoint system. If you do a mission and miss a side objective and want to try again, have fun redoing the entire mission.Overall its not the best game in the series, Black Flag takes that honor, closely followed by 2 in my opinion. But its still a great entry, a lot of fun, has actually interesting missions and set pieces, wonderful world design, and overall isnt a buggy mess like Unity was. Pick it up if you like AC, if youre tired of the series, it wont change your opinion on it.