I just finished both the main story and Jack The Ripper DLC so heres a review for both of them. Note that I cant say everything that I need to write in the review since the word count is very limited so dont solely rely on my review.Its the first Assassins Creed series that is set on the Industrial Revolution Era. Its always lovely to explore new important historical times in Assassins Creed with their great attention to details. I am not a history nerd myself so I cant judge how detail are they on the depiction of 19th century London but it is already quite impressive and satisfying like most Assassins Creed series before.1. Bugs?This is a very common thing to think before purchasing a newly released game. AC Syndicate was no longer a new game and the hype was already dying when I finished the game, but bugs can still be found. All of the bugs wont jeopardize your missions but it will prevent you from finishing certain missions if it happens on the wrong place and the wrong time e.g your character hold on to nothing in the middle of the street and unable to move2. The StoryBeautifully written but has little explanation as usual. Almost all Assassins Creed series post Assassins Creed Revelation has a lot of plot holes that are left unexplained because of massive difference in era between characters. You need to find out certain things by yourself if you havent played the series before. The story is not newuser friendly and it is confusing e.g you wont know whos Otso Berg without playing AC Rogue. The point is, youre controlling twin Assassins called Jacob Frye and Evie Frye, coming to London to cleanse the city from Templars imperious control and like usual, to find a piece of Eden.3. New featuresThe very first noticable change is the weapons. You will no longer use swords/axes/spears/flintlock rifles anymore but you will be given kukris/cane swords/brass knuckles as a melee weapon of choice instead. The firearm is obviously replaced with many different types of revolvers since it was booming in this era. So now youll be able to shoot 2/6/8 in a row rather than having to reload for a long time after every shot, with your enemies capable of the same thing. Youll have to dodge bullets much more often compared to the flintlock era. Melee combat system is improved with its easy combo patterns and multi kills animations which looks really cool. The second most noticable difference is the way you travel around the map. Previous Assassins Creed series are dominated by parkours to travel around the map quickly, but now its changed by a rope that can be shot from your gauntlet and carriages. You can climb buildings in no time and can zipline to any climbable objects, while roads are dominated by carriages. The game also have new gang war feature, two playable main characters, friends loyalty level, perks, unlimited eagle vision, massive skill tree, character level, and many other things.4. Is it worth it?Terribly overpriced, but yes. Its better to wait for a discount, though. The gameplay is worth more hours than Unity with its territorial gang war system and you can still play some short missionseven after you finished the main story. The performance does not need to be questioned. It runs well on 5075 fps on my laptop on max settings. I did not experience any fps lock.Very short main story but a lot of side missions. Unlike the main story where the side missions are limited to Child Liberation, Templar Hunt, Gang Stronghold, and Bounty hunts, the DLC has a lot more interesting choices. But still, there are much more negative sides for this DLC. FIrst of all, the weapon is only limited to low level brass knuckles. I started the DLC after I finished my main story with level 10 equipments, and I got a level 7 equipment on the DLC, with level 11 enemies. You will do very little damage to enemies since they are focusing on the new Fear feature where you can spook your enemies so that they will flee battle. The massive downside is the bug. There are bugs everywhere both in main and side missions that WILL prevent you from finishing it. For example, your character will keep crouchwalking without you being able to control it, important AIs freezes in the middle of the mission, or the most annoying one, you will tend to accidentaly kill the NPC that youre supposed to kidnap, not kill, where it will trigger the freezing AI bug and you cant interact with it anymore.This review is far from detail but I did explain the main points it as best as I could. I already lost 4 reviews due to word limitation bug so I wont risk writing something too long anymore. Thank you for reading! 