Syndicate was a really fun addition to the series! From exciting side missions to creative plot twists within in the main storyline, this game delivered. In fact, its almost as good as Black Flag and III.They captured the spirit of London beautifully. It felt like I was really there, scaling Big Ben, sneaking into Buckingham Palace, swimming across the Thames. Although you cannot leave London, the map is rather large and there are plenty of cool places to explore. Like previous AC titles, the map is divided into bouroughs. As you progress through the game, you complete side missions such as liberating children from factories, asssinating templars, or kidnapping templars. When you complete all the side missions in the burough, you will be challenged to a fight with the gangleader of that burough, As always, the side missions were one of the most enjoyable aspects of the game for me. I completed them and liberated all of the buroughs long before I even finished the storyline. Additionally, there are also heists and sabotage missions. Theyre SO much fun and theyre the quickest way to make money.As for the storyline itself, it wasnt the series most compelling, but I enjoyed it. I liked the sibling rivalry between Jacob and Evie, and it was cool being able to play as two different assassins. Evie was by far the most interesting between the two, and her stealth abilities quickly made her my favorite. Jacob is more of a brawler type of assassin, which is cool for those who prefer that gameplay style. But I didnt enjoy his missions quite as much, simply because I missed Evies special skills. The character development couldve been better, but considering the length of the game, I think the developers did the best they could with an additional protagonist to write for. It didnt quite compare to previous character development think Ezio, Connor, Edward, etc, but it was satisfactory. In my opinion, it wouldve been a better storyline if they were able to focus exclusively on either Evie or Jacob, but then again, each of them brought something special to the game... so its hard to say.The questline was really fun. I loved being the leader of the Rooks, and upgrading my gang. The templar missions were exciting as well. The game focused heavily on the politics of the Industrial Revolution, and tied together wonderfully with all the missions. At one point, you get to visit Edward Kenways mansion. I loved how they not only acknowledged Edwards legacy, but also gave us another glimpse into his life. That was one of the most special moments of the game for me.The gear was a lot of stuff weve seen in previous AC titles. Theres the pistol, throwing knives, hallucinogenic darts, smoke bombs, and something new voltaic bombs. Then theres the grappling hook, which is entirely new as well. A lot of people disliked the grappling hook, but I really liked it. Maybe because Im lazy, I dont know. But it made for quicker getaways, which in turn made for easier missions. The verdict? If you like it, itll be your new best friend. If not, then you can choose to stick to parkour if you want. Oh and I cant forget the carriages! Horses are back, but with a new twist pulling carriages and carts. Theyre easy to control, and add another layer of excitement to the game. Not only are they an additional mode of transportation, they also provide a quick hiding spot in the streets  not just for Evie or Jacob, but also for hiding templar bodies.It was slightly glitchy, but only in the mechanics. Sometimes it was difficult to get the character to move in the direction you intended, but not enough to significantly impact gameplay.That said, the combat was a clear improvement from older titles. Combat motions were fluid, yet seemingly more diverse than in the past. Opponents have varying fighting techniques depending on their classification, which keeps things fresh and exciting. The only major complaint I have is that the final boss fight was awful. Without spoiling it, all I can really say is that it was annoying and repetitive. While that was disappointing, there were plenty of other templar takedowns that were well constructed. So all in all, its not that big of a deal.The music was hauntingly beautiful, and fit in perfectly with the setting. It wasnt nearly as memorable as previous soundtracks to this day, I still get III stuck in my head occasionally, but thats not necessarily a bad thing. Maybe its less memorable because it blended in with the time period so well?One thing I am EXCEPPTIONALLY happy about, is just how little of the game was wasted in the present day! In all the previous games, I HATED the present day gameplay. But Im very happy to report that in Syndicate, only about 5 minutes out of what, 50 hours of gameplay? are wasted on the present day. Thank you, Ubisoft!All in all, Syndicate was a great game! Im very happy to have played it, and do see myself playing it again in the future. It is a musthave in any Assassin Creed fans library.