If you like the AC franchise, youll probably like this entry. It plays like Unity.Im writing from Memory 04, which so far has given me the games hookshot tool, but hasnt given me more than a glimpse at the piece of Eden or whatever it is theyve insisted is For Great History this time around. The hookshot is actually pretty cool.We now have skill trees, which Id feel inclined to roll my eyes at, except it really does instill this feeling of growth, that your characters are going from rookies to experts. Im not sure I care for the progression though, as its kind of convoluted with levels. Couldve just done skills, I think, and the gear you can find/craft is available by level, which is frustratingly artificial.We do not have ships. I feel like one of the very few who liked the ships, so it bears mention and is probably a pro to most players. And hiring your gangthugs is kind of unintuitive  they arent very smart and will spoil their share of mission objectives by killing foes or running jackstupid through an enemy base youre trying to infiltrate. Without the gang, most the games various areas feel pretty cool and are surprisingly not ruined by the Hookshot, as was my other fear.Character switching is unexpectedly disappointing. You have to go into the pause menu and arbitrarily tap some key, to see the portrait change. It then dumps you from the start menu even if Im just trying to buy the other character some skill or gear,it will tell you with no explanation that you cant switch to this character right now. GTAV did this better, and seemingly without effort. And theyre supposedly meant to be different by having separated endgame skills but to be honest I can barely see the difference when Imto find it. In the narrative sequences I find myself liking the characters, but I still feel like this was a gimmicky response to some meaningless criticism I never bothered to look into. We want to playgenders! just isnt something I can imagine rational people belting out that often.Speaking of GTAV, the horsedrawn carriages are okay. Theyre the thinnest replacement for cars Ive ever played  I mean, you can even crash and ram things with your horses and literally you can take your coach in reverse. Its a car.Also returning from Unity is Ubisofts, allowing us to fork over yet more cash in order to suffer less of a grind. None of thats necessary  you can operate just as well without forking over that cash, just with slower progression.And while I just cant believe Im saying this, since I abhor most online game crowds and implementations,. I think they shouldve included it but, I guess there wasnt much payoff. All those little club activities were pretty lame, but the rest of it was ridiculously fun, and satisfied my vanity of being a ninja and running around on top of buildings like it aint no thang. Now I can only do that from the solitude of my keyboard.All around, this game probably wont unseat other AC entries from being your favorite, but it isnt lacking of much that weve come to expect. If youre trying to hold off on buying this, youbecause at this stage, our Season Cashtickets arent worth anything and Ubi still has to smooth out some of its launch flaws. A few of the missions so far have very clearlybeen playtested, and these usually get fixed in the first couple months if I recall.And if youre new to Assassins Creed, go ahead and buy an earlier, cheaper entry into the franchise to see if you like it as much as those youtube videos. Most of these games, being annual episodes of a notquitecohesive storyline, are pretty similar to one another by now. Unimaginative purists will shriek about their sacred assassins not being pirates, but basically if you like pirates I recommend Black Flag. If you like notpirates, I recommend Unity. And if Unitys not cheap enough, I still have a soft spot for AC2 / Brotherhood, but just note that those are pretty dated titles. 