I have always been an assassin creed fan. But this has to be the best game in the entire series.This game is an absolute blast to play. The parkour is much better and the combat is also very good. Though the combat difficulty is moderate, it is fun and unlike unity it is not to tough. The story is also excellent. But the character development is quite strong in this game and the overall tone of the game remains comical.Many say that it is downgraded in comparison to unity, but it does not hold true.I have AC Unity in my account and after playing both the games Syndicates graphics have a slight edge.The reason people think that Unitys graphics were better because the color tone of Unitys Paris and Syndicates London is quite different and London looks a bit gloomy or washed out or whatever in comparison to Paris. But if you have played the Dead Kings DLC of Unity and then compared it with Syndicate, then Syndicate looks much better.Also removing multiplayer and adding additional features in the game was a welcome change.The lead characters Jacob and Evie are diverse and their constant differences and arguments pretty much sums up for strong character development in this one.The game is very polished and the bugs are ironed out. The combat is well balanced, the open world is fun,the sandbox approach is way more polished and transportation is a lot improvedhorse carriages, the most awesome AC2 set piece now implemented in the open world and rope launcher is a time saver and it also doesnt restrict you to enjoy the old building climbing. Moreover the carriages are also not forced in each and every mission like most of the missions Batman Arkham Knight forces you to use the Batmobile and character customization is a lot improved and there is a better way to earn skill points than in Unity.And moreover the side quests are not boring.And the loading time is a bit less than Unity. The relationship between the two main protagonists, Jacob and Evie Frye, both twins, made for some delighting family banter and quips. The contrast between Jacob, who wants to liberate London from the Blighters, a Street gang, and Evie, who sticks to the tenants of the Creed, and who wants to find Pieces of Eden to stop the templars, was really nice.During story missions, however, youre usually locked into one character and will switch only when the game wants you to. I liked the customisation of your gang, the Rooks, allowing for backup on a fight. Theres no more swords, and enemies now have a health bar on top of Thier heads. Only when this health bar is low enough can you kill them with a finisher, and these are delightfully brutal.The open world, it is ridiculously huge, Ubisoft wasnt joking when they said it was bigger than Unitys map by 30. London is absolutely gorgeous.Trains add a whole new magical element as far as Im concerned, I adore anything to do with trains and think theyre a brilliant addition.