This was a fun game to play. The first true Assassins Creed that I completed. Ive played 1, 2, 4, and this one. Of them all I really enjoyed this one and 2. I think 4 has a lot of potential, but I have it on PS4 and just have not got around to finishing it. I played the first one back in the day on the 360 and was severly underwhelmed. I put off the AC franchise for a long time. I played 2 a couple of years ago, and I reallly enjoyed it. I bought 4 last year, just havent got around to finishing it like I said before, then played this one and loved the setting so much that I finished it.I only have a few things left to do to 100 the game, but that will have to wait for a later date, as my graphics card was pushed pretty hard with this game. This game was a very demanding game, one of the most demanding games on the market at the moment. Some may say its crippling due to nVidia GameWorks on an AMD card which seems a bit true. It pushed my manually overclocked R9 270X pretty good mine is the 2GB VaporX model from Sapphire and the processor you run this game on should be no slouch either. Mine was pretty low spec an AMD FX4100 overclocked to 4.0 GHz and it still had some rare hitching problems from time to time. I was able to run the game at a smooth playable framrate of 1600x900 at a locked 30fps. Your mileage may vary depending on GPU and CPU combination, in fact I think my system is a bit bottlenecked with my FX4100 so if you have an R9 270X and a better processor, you should be all set to do better framerates and resolution.The game plays pretty close to a Batman Arkham game with AC elements mixed in. A welcome addition to the AC franchise if you ask me. The grappling hook isnt too OP to the point that youll always want to use it VS on foot exploration. The combat is pretty fluid, playing as 2 characters is nice I prefer to play as Evie personally, and the London setting is very nice in combination with the Anvil engine they used make this in my opinion an underrated benchmarking game and a test to old and new hardware to come minus all the GameWorks stuff that gimps the AMD cards... and I really think this is worth a purchase at least on sale. It may not be the most polished AC game as far as story, but the atmosphere, game engine, 2 characters, and unique combat makes this worth a pickup for me! 