ehh.. So here is My review... I completed game with 93 synchronization.Good Thingsfew new things like wrope attachment to hidden blade. easier way to get to roof.carriages. Grand Thief Carriages. You can hijack carrages drive trought London like crazy. You can throw darts to other carriage horses, so they become wildy. kinda funGraphics are real good better than unity.Many Different types of Enemy and Ally units.Eagle Vision is better too goodI like Trains. yes i actually like assassins base on train. That is good idea. Volt Granades is good thingyStory lane it self is pretty good. ww1 mission is the best of allEnd Fight is AWESOME!Now bad Things 1st I hate the most. Free Run SAFETY! WHY! UBISOFT WHY! Why need something like that?! I you need to follow someone or quickly escame, or you want quickly cross thames. All the time Jacob/Evie stops at stops at the edge. Then Shows sign on screen  shiftwe i pressed once, twice! nothing at third time they dicide to jump water or if you on roof they jump whatever they like.Climbing to walls is not challenge anymore. If we go back to Eczio games AC2 part2 where Rosa Teach Eczio how to jump up to walls wihile climbing. Here the Then in Syndicate you can jump up to wall most inpossible heights. That make game too easy, and not realistic. And when you get wrope attachmet, just jump from one building to anothet like spiderman.Targeting. I like wrope gun, but to shoot wrope need to point spot where you want shoot wrope. So i sit on building in front of me is Helix fragment. I want to get it. I have to shoot wrope to other building to collect it. Sounds Easy.But when you try to point wrope to place you need. 60 times he/she shoot it else where. ok here another example. when you chasing Carriage and you all you need is quickly pull urself to front building roof. I pull camera up a little, and pressed R to shoot wrope, but she/he shoot wrope to other building who is behind somewhere, plus you cant to detach so quickly. So badguys escaped and mission failed.combating is boring and annoying. If you remember old Conor days AC3 or Black Flag, how you can steal enemy weapons or pick them up from dead body. NOW YOU CANT YaaaaaaaY! In combat you cant throw sand or dirt in oponent face, you cant taunt, you cant, steal their weapons, you cant hang them, you cant do multikils more than 3 guys, cant use guys as meat shield, you cant block  at least i dont know how. Now What you can you can punch them face, you can stab them, you can quickly finish them using F key, you can dodge from bullets using F key,and  you can breeak blocks logically. some fights 1v1 may take more than 58min with random bad guy on street. You cant jump on place. if Helix fragment is right above ur head and you need only jump a little tiny bit, to collect it. but you cant...Crowd event thieves same as Unity thieves are bad at escaping. In unity they was averige age man who steals wallet and slowly clumsy try to run away. In syndicate they are changed. In place of average man they are old womans, who steals purse, and same way clumsy try to escape. But  then mighty Assasin Jacobs do the body slam on that old woman to the ground and take back stolen stuff.and there still is some bugs. like looting same chest 2x. After saving women on street from criminals she suddenly turns in big strong baldhead, who still talks in womens voice. Or killed person but he stand up and start to walk away foward. Once was raining man from clear sky, they fall and died. and other little bugs...Maybe Im wrong, but there is a waaaaaaay mutch english humor. Each cut scene Jacob and Evie insulting each other with cheep jokes. This made me skip many cutscenes.still pay to quick boost your hero, still pay to get in game cash. You can pay real money to get healix cash and get better stuff in fast way...and i dont get it Why need somekind skill trees... WHY! old Assassin creeds was so good without somekind skill trees. The best was old fashon way. Get stuff and new skills when you get further in campaign missions.Final SummationIf you are fan of all Assassin games have played all of them. Then you will be happy to know Syndicate is better than unity, but still one of worst assassin games.But If you are new to assassin games then go and try this game it is not bad for those who dont realy know all story lane.My own game rating is 6/10stars it is playable but not good enought. Definitely not worth 59.99 That is a BIG NO. 19 21 maybe but Not 59,99. 