WOW. where do I start. I absolutely love love love this game. I am not even finished with the main story yet because im having so much fun with the side missions and the missions you do for specific characters you meet like alexander graham bell, Karl Marx, Charles dickens, and more. I am a huge fan of this time period. I love victorian era and this game is absolutely beautiful. You get to play as either Evie or her brother Jacob which is awesome. I love that you get to play two characters and they each have there own charm. The controls are for the most part pretty good. the only problem i had at the beginning was the parkour because of the control keys on keyboard i kept climbing things i did not want to climb, but, i did get used to the controls very quickly and now im having no trouble at all. The recreation of victorian London and its vicinitys like white chapel is gorgeous. i find myself just looking at the scenery alot throughout the game. The skills, crafting , and upgrades system is really good as you can upgrade your main characters but also your gang can be upgraded. The game runs great and i have not experienced any game breaking bugs at all. The main story is pretty good so far but i havent gotten through it yet to tell how the entire story is. I love the combat in this game. it feels very smooth to me and once your character is high level you can really kick the butts of multiple enemies at once. the combat animations for finisher moves are really good too. i have been playing almost 50 hours now and am not bored in the slightest bit. I havent played the jack the ripper dlc yet and will update the reviiew once i do, but, im so thrilled that they included something to do with jack the ripper because i think thats just sooooooo cool. ive done some of the crimes dlc and those missions are actually a nice change of pace in the game because you look for clues, interrogate people and solve the crimes. This definitely is one of the best games in the series and well worth the price. i can see easily getting 100 plus hours of play out of it. Overall i rate this as a definite 9/10 right now and that may go up to a 10 after i finish the main story and the jack the ripper dlc. 