The ShortGreat graphics here  there, tterly boring  frustratring gameplay. Grind, grind, grind to get levelups needed to get at the heart of the game. It took me 13 hours of frustration and grinding to get at level 6 and get the story simple as it is rolling for a bit.The LongerPoint is, while the City is rendered in exquisite beauty in all its victorian splendorsqualor, it is lso crawling with clone baddies that are ESPgifted, and are psionically linked to every other baddy in the vicinity. Meaning, when You attack one in a neighbourhood that isnt Yours, or one of them sees You, the game immediately spawns oodles of baddies, and cops with superbatons that kill in just a couple of blows. Which in turn leads to the standard tactics of  killing..get up to the roof, press c to go stealth, wait a bit, rinse  repeat ad infinitum. Gang strongholds can be clearedout in the same manner. A fair bit of that carriedover into AC digital world...ehh.. Watch Dogs 2 grind, grind, grind. Stealthkills fix that for a bit, but then the crazy of the ai comes bubblingup I tried to stash all bodies from stealthkills out of sight. Well, I shouldnt have bothered. Stealth kill a baddie. Let the body laying around, and in most cases noone sounds the alarm despite citizens making a ruckus.. weird.All in all, the open world is a frustrating affair that can only be enjoyed from sameysameyroofs. Get to street level to takein The Sights the programmers have so lovingly crafted, and youre in for endless, boring assaults of cookiecutter baddies.Whats lso seriously annoying is the utterly slw levelling. It feels like a purposely stunted levellingsystem to make players spend ctual money on XPPoints. Sneaky, stinky CEOBeancounter stuff.On the rest of the gameWhen a neighbourhood is FINALLY Yours, only thn do You get to admire the work the programmers  builders put into the game. But, by then, a lot of players will have putdown the conroller for good.Is the game hard? No, not really. Its rather more likeartificially stunted to make it seem hard but the basemechanics are all standard ACfare apart from the GrappleHook, which is a nice addition to shorten trips around The City with a somewhat wonky stealthsystem.On a more positive note The clothes of Evie and Jacob, are a Steampunk dream. The rich brocades, something inocuous, like the movement of Evies cape loathed by many, oddly enough, the lace, the buttons even, it all defines attention to detail from people that love to design stuf.Shame that it has to live in such a mediocre, grindy game. I cannot really recommend it, unless its in a weekendsale for 10. or something.Edit You know when it fnally starts to get fun? With a trainer. While only using infinite health, the game became far more enjoyable for me, at least