There are a few words that can describe this Assassins Creed game...Stripped down.Most of the mechanics from previous games have been removed and the parkour engine remade for Unity returns, tweaked, and made better, but still more of a hinderance than an improvement. The zipline fix for the weak parkour is only useful to go up a building, rather than crossing over building to building which is just bad. It is slow and clunky.Now onto the story and characters. Theyre bad. The present is pretty much missing so far from my playthrough Im on Sequence 6 last mission of 9 and have only seen I think 4 cut scenes that are only a few minutes long Ubisoft seems to be trying to fire back at the SJWs and saying see. were equal by having a male and female character, but if you think about what is said about the characters and look at what theyre doing the characters are confused with each other, dont grow, and overall defocus, but if you take into account both the story that we see and the mechanics what youll see is that the developers overcompensated and gave Evie more brutal finishers, more of a variety of finishers, a love interest, a possible one, while her activities in the past are what are important to those in the present. Further the Mary Sue qualities mixed with them ripping on Jacob which are idiotic because theyre not thought out which is doubly bad since that is the criticism evie has of Jacob which ends up saying things that tries to make the player sympathetic to horrible things/people or just does make sense when youre looking at what is actually happening.Ubisoft, overall, did a diservice to the franchise in whatever their goal was. It runs and looks better than Unity which isnt hard, but that probably as a lot more to do with its stripped down nature than anything they did special while the option to switch between Evie and Jacob might seem appealing it makes little sense in the game world and all elements of the game would have been better, by how much I dont know, if they cut Jacob out as a playable character, transfered his missions to Evie, and cut all of the Clean up Jacobs mess missions.I reccomend to get this game if you really want to see whats happening in the universe or want another map for AC stuff, but considering it isnt numbered and isnt a main series title, and can be said to be fairly lacking I say give it a pass if youre looking for inovation, cleaner mechanics, a good story, because theyre not here... If youre new to the series I recommend getting an earlier game rather than this one, but if you want to start here it is neither a great nor terrible experience... just not worth 60 imo for what they did and a subpar entry overall in the series. 