I have finished the main storyline, some side quests, around 30 hours gameplay time and I levelled up the character to level 9 highest is 10. Detailed city landscape of London during the Victorian Era. You get to meet some famous figures that are rarely seen in Video Games such as Charles Dickens. The ending song Underground is really good. The grabbling hook is useful and fun to use with the high towers in London The twin heroes Jacob and Evie have better personalities than AC3 and ACUnity. Stealth mode is more improved here. However, all what you can do in Stealth mode is crouching. Could have been improved with more moves like taking cover and do a quick roll between covers. Or simply ditch the Stealth mode away since AC was never about being sneaking slowly. Driving carriages is good for reaching far objectives in London. It is however not that fun to drive. The chase scenes are awkward and unrealistic. The weapons and fighting style is probably the weakest in the whole series. It feels unresponsive and when surrounded by too many enemies it just become a mess and random. The Skills Level Up menu is probably a new thing to this series not sure if this was in Unity. You now earn XP to unlock points and assign them to a specific skill. However, this feature is completely unnecessary. It simply means the assassins in this game are unskilled. They couldve just improve the characters every new chapter just like Edzio or Altair when they unlock new weapons or new skills. Microtransactions. While you really dont need them, but the idea of paytowin in a single player do annoy the player and takes him out of the experience. The game feels like it is missing a plot. If you want to play it for the plot, just watch the ending straight away and skip the game. Too many repititive sidemissions. In order for your gang to control an area, you will have to do 4 kinds of missions again and again Kidnapping a wanted gang member, assassinating a templar officer, freeing enslaved children or simply killing every gang member in a specified area. You get to repeat this process dozens of times. The only challenge here is that some enemy gangs can be on a level higher than you which they will be able to inflict higher damage on you and they will have longer health bar. The Train Hideout does not feel as impressive as AC2 hideout or as useful as AC4 ship. A huge missed oppurtinity here. Weak cast of sidecharacters on both the Assassins side and the Templars.The game has been played on GeForce 780 GTX 3GB of GDDR5 with i7, 12 GB of RAM and Windows 10. I tried the game on both 1080p and 2k resolutions. The game do not maintain 60fps easily as I had to lower some graphical settings. Meanwhile, Witcher 3 another openworld game do run better on my machine. I think the game is not optimized. However, it do run better than ACUnity. I also had multiple crashes that usually happen after the end of a chapter or some quests.Have you ever tried copying ideas in Art class from the next guy? AC Syndicate feels just like that. It tries to copy features from other games like Arkham Series, Far Cry, Hitman, GTA and so on. Ubisoft should have taken its time and reperfected the Assassin formula just like they did with AC2.If you are new to Assassins Creed, avoid this game and get one of the older ones I recommend AC1. AC2, AC4.If you did not like Unity then you would say the same to this game.It is safe to watch the ending and skip this game.