I just found it boring. lIt didnt feel like there was much of a backstory to any of the characters. There are no more swords. Not a lot of customization to the characters compared to the rest of the games. There was even an option to buy IG money. THIS IS A SINGLE PLAYER GAME WHY DO I NEED TO BUY MONEY. lEditSince quite a few people actually took a look at my review I feel like I should explain a bit more as to what I stated above.Regarding the backstory for the characters, it just felt very rushed compared to other AC games. You jump right into the action with both characters, and with previous AC games, it was not like that whatsoever. Some people mightve liked this fast pace change, and Im sure maybe that you learned a bit more about the characters throughout the game, but in my short time of playing, I only got a taste of there witty banter towards each other and others.I should also throw in, whilst it does say that the two characters have preferred roles one a brawler and the other more stealth oriented, I didnt feel that difference at all.On weapons and equipment, it makes complete sense excluding the obvious assassin equipment for the time period. Ubisoft did a good job with that. Its just that the combat with the weapons given to us were just unimpressive, again, compared to the previous AC games. Im an assassin with access to a vast amount of weapons, so why are my only options a khukri, a cane sword, and some gauntlets? The additions of having a pistol wasnt that bad, however.There was a severe lacking of outfits that you could obtain comparing it from the last game, but I guess something to keep in mind is that youre also playing with two characters. Managing both of the characters loadouts just became ennoying. Now, you can purchase some more outfits as a DLC... lI think the fact that Ubisoft has a feature to buy IG money I dont know if this has changed is a bit poor, considering that this is a singleplayer game.Do I recommend this game at full price? No. Do I recommend it if it ever goes on sale? Yes.Because whilst I do address some issues about this game, Ubisoft really tried and suceeded to give us a better game from AC Unity. It still feels like an AC game. The combat is still fun. it however felt better in Unity, refer to my statement about weapons. It still has some interesting story to get invested in. Its an alright game. Id like to say I interested to see what Ubisoft has in store for us for the franchise in the future, but Id rather much prefer that they take there time on the next one. We got a spoiler about Syndicate nearly a month after Unity, whilst there was still issues being patched on Unity. l 