I basically wrote a long post about this in the discussion forums but Ill sum it up here. Syndicate is a brilliant Assassins Creed experience, though it leaves something to be desired. First of all, they really did a fantastic job dropping everything that was tedious and broken in Unity. The activities are fun and not time consuming or draining. Collectables are actually useful and most things you find just while playing so thered no need to go running off too often specifically looking to get collectables that do absolutely nothing to improve your character.Speaking of characters, they are very well written, at least the dynamic assassin duo that are the Frye twins. If youre worried about another Arno, you know the guy who followed the creed the the T and refused to be practical and sensible when feeling and emotions got involved, worry not because the Fryes are the exact opposite. They have some great, interesting dialogue written for them and they do not grow stale or predictable. I especially loved the way Evie became more and more of abadass as you used her more. I was actually torn between who to take out in the open world at times because theyre both equally powerful characters in their own ways.The world is stunning! London is captured in the usual Ubisoft splendour, that is to say no detail is left out and everything is meticulously rendered as it would have looked in this 1800s industrial powerhouse. Carriage combat is fun and an extremely quick, and often more reliable method of transport. Coupled with the addition of the grapling hook, youll find yourself preferring to zoom across the city in minutes rather than fast traveling in favour of taking in the sights.Now, the only negative thing I have to add to this already lengthy, rambly review is that the villians really pulled the short stick this time around. Its been some time since Ubisoft has produced a game with did all four of the big ones well, that is combat, protagonists, antagonists, and worldspace. This game is no exception because as you might of noticed, the only thing I havent praised yet are the antagonists, the good old Templar Order we know and love. In this game youre introduced to the great Templar Orders English Rite, said to be the most powerful, influential, and oldest sect of their ancient empire. Naturally, you expect their leader Crawford Starrick, to appropriately radiate the amout of power, cunning, and intellect required of someone in charge of such a gem. Unfortunately, this is not the case. Starrick is an interesting villian in his own right, however he is very much a cliche comic book, bond villian. I wont get into too much detail but lets just say chasing after this man isnt as thrilling and exciting as Id have liked from an AC game, and after finishing the main story ark, I find myself wanting more from this villian who had so much more potential.All in all, I put in a nice chunk of time into this game and I thoroughly enjoyed it. With a pretty interesting cliffhanger Im more than excited about next years entry where the modern day is sure to be back in full force!