I played the original Assassins Creed back in 2007. That game wowed me. The ability to climb ANY building? And I could be this cool ninjalike hooded killer that could coordinate just HOW he wanted to assassinate a target? Wow!I played Assassins Creed 2 in 2009. That game wowed me. They improved every mechanic from the first Assassins Creed. I loved where it was going. The story was AMAZING! I felt a sense of progression as if I was growing up with Ezio Auditore the assasssin in that game. We were with him from the moment of his birth to the moment of his death.I played Assassins Creed 4 in 2013. That game wowed me. They removed the ability to kill a target any way you wanted but in its stead, they allowed you to explore the open seas of the Caribbean. In addition, the story was amazing. Just like Ezios story, the story in Assassins Creed IV had progression to it. The person you were and the state of the world in the beginning of the game changes durastically by the end. It also tied some loose ends from AC3 that lingered.Now, I come to this game. I am not wowed. In fact, I am disgusted by this game. For one, Ubisoft charges you REAL WORLD CURRENCY to buy virtual money. Yeah, you remember the money you had to earn in AC2, 3, 4? You can now just pay a low fee of 30 for 100,000 in game money. The money doesnt even get you anything special. You buy things just like you could in AC2 medicine, bullets, etc.The story in this game is absolute trash as well. The Jacob Frye voice actor sounds like a random guy they picked off the streets. Hey buddy, if we bought you a pint, would you like to do the voiceover in our game? The guy overexaggerates EVERYTHING he says. On top of that, the story seems to be going nowhere. The plot established from the first game is long gone. There is no sense of mystery. However, that is not because questions were answered. If anything, questions were UNANSWERED from the ending of Assassins Creed 3. It doesnt seem to progress anything. Its just another Assassins vs Templars story with no ultimate end in sight.That doesnt mean everything in this game sucks. In fact, the environment is AMAZING. The size of London as well as the beautiful graphics really captivates my eye. Unfortunately, the animation for both running and combat is trash. It looks like a game for babies where youre controlling Mr. Wiggles I dont know what character that is, it just sounds like a character that wiggles his arms everywhere until he hits someone. The running animations look like they were ripped from 2004s Grand Theft Auto San Andreas multiplayer mode.I really wanted to like this game. I wanted to find a semblance to AC1 or AC2 but theyve lost the plot. Ubisoft has lost the plot, guys. They plan on releasing a new AC game in 2018 so lets hope to heck they get on with the plot.I give this game a 6/10  its a great game on its own but it doesnt live up to the hype of the Assassins Creed series. They should have made this a spinoff series called Creed of Assassins or something. At least then Id understand its a story taking place in the Assassins Creed universe and not an actual continuation of the story.