As you can tell by my hours played, I have been enjoying this game too much to stop and write a review.  Since I finally finished the game to 100 completion, I thought now would be a good time to write a quick review.  After the Unity debacle, it was a pleasant surprise to see Ubisoft get this one right.  There were still a few in game glitches people floating off the ground, ladder rungs not directly attached to a wall, etc. but nothing that was game breaking to me.  Overall the graphics are gorgeous, and the game is able to maintain good framerate on relatively high settings running on single NVidia GTX980 card, with no hitching, lagging or stuttering.  Only once did my character get stuck under a dock jumping into the River Themes and couldnt get out.  But fast travel got me unstuck.  The only other glaring bug at least for me was that unlocking certain items late in the game like cloaks and outfits caused the game to have a brain fart and crash.  But reloading the game put me right back where I was supposed to be with the new items in inventory.  As I have stated, some minor annoyances, but nothing I couldnt live with.  I dont believe that any AAA title you play nowadays as complex as they must be to make are going to be completely bug free.The only thing I wish for was that Ubisoft put more into the story.  The number of story missions didnt seem to be any more in number than the side missions, and they tended to be very short at that.  In my opinion at least they moved in the right direction as far as the technical aspects and playability of the game are concerned.   I am now waiting for the season pass stuff to be released so I can jump back in.I know some people were wishing for a multiplayer feature, which as I understand Ubi decided against so they could concentrate on getting the single player aspect right.  Perhaps with the next Assassins Creed game, they can maintain the same level of quality but expand on more story and multiplayer.Overall, Im glad in light of all the positive reviews I saw on Steam from day 1, that I did not have to wait for a bunch of bug fixing patches and was able to buy the game right away.   I highly recommend this game for anyone who is a fan of the Assassins Creed series.If anyone from Ubisoft reads this review, all I can say is keep up the good work.  But dont forget that there is always room for improvement.  I feel, as Im sure other gamers do, that I would rather wait for higher quality, playability, and a story that I can get into, versus an earlyreleased, bugriddled piece of eye candy.