While I do recommend the game, there are a few annoyances. Not the most promising way to begin a review, but oh well.First, Im not a big fan of the combat system. The Features List boasts a new dynamic fighting system, but to me it felt sluggish and weak. I much prefer the feeling that I got from the combat system in Black Flag. That system felt more intuitive and it looked much better in my opinion.Second, progression felt slow. By itself, that might not be a big issue. However, with the frequency in which get microtransactions is pushed on you, I felt like the progression of gear, items, etc... was purposefully slowed down to encourage the purchasing of these microtransactions for XP boosts, resources, and money. I simply dont like paying for a game, only to be constantly pushed towards spending more money. Especially when the amounts its asking to spend add up quickly to much more than what the original game cost me.Third, the Thames feels like a frogger game. Again, by itself thats not too big of an issue. Its fun jumping from boat to boat. It creates an interesting moving landscape to fight and explore on. HOWEVER, when you remember how amazing ships and water were in Black Flag, this system is pretty pale in comparison. Yeah, theyre both two different games. But if you played Black Flag and came to this game, itll feel like you And Ubi are taking two steps backwards.Fourth, The carriage system is kind of interesting, but gets boring fast. Once youve tried out the various types of carriage and have done a few of the carriagebased activities, you end up feeling like youve done it all. Which isnt too big a deal, because youve got the completely impossible hook gun thing. You end up feeling more like a gadgetbase superhero than an Assassin. But it is fun being able to shoot a zipline between long distances to get around the various smokestacks and other tall structures of London.And that brings me to the Fifth, I didnt feel like an Assassin except for very infrequent instances. The game is still fun, but it doesnt feel like much of an assassin game. More like a Gangs of New York game. If you play as Jacobs sister, it feelts a tad more like an AC game, but its still kind of weak.Sixth, the gang features, despite being a big part of the game, end up becoming repetitive. Once a take control of a territory, thats it. Maybe things change later in the game? But so far, you claim an area and cannot invest, improve, or anything of that sort. After I claimed a couple of territories, I ended up thinking, Whats the point? and I sort of lost interest in it and by proxy, the rest of the game.So, six big issues with the game. However, I still enjoyed my time. The setting is fantastic, the game looks amazing, and its still pretty fun. Honestly, if I could go back and tell myself the issues I had with the game, I wouldnt buy it for 60. Id wait until its on sale or something. Heres to hoping that the next AC game will be more like Black Flag in terms of features and combat, while also implementing the improvements seen in Syndicate. 