Another year, another Creed.No, not the terrible grunge band from the late 90s. They suck and always will, and I think that scourge is long past us. Im talking about Assassins Creed, the nowyearly installment of a game franchise that by rights ought not to exist.In the years since 2007s original game, weve visited strange locales, met historical figures, and promptly murdered the lot of them in ways that are historically implausible. But whatever, its been a fun romp.Sure, there were moments of desperate anger, like the squandering of a Musketeerbased assassin in AC Unity seriously, you go to FRANCE and dont give me Athos, Prothos, and Aramis? You are bad people, Ubisoft.But for all Unitys faults, obviously the 100 completely separate team working on AC Syndicate was on the ball. Once again, we have engaging main charactesr Jacob and Evie, who have separate and distinct playstyles, personalities, and philosophies. I found myself wanting to complete certain missions as each character, even if they werent to their particular strenghts gang stronghold with Evie? Sure, why not?.The historical figures, ranging in this case from Charles Darwin to Karl Marx, are all wonderfully realized, and the sheer number of side missions/timewasting activities cut down from AC Unity. Gone also are the external smartphone apps just to open a damn chest. Thank the Father of Understanding for that one.On the negative front, the game is somewhat scaled back in terms of the graphical mettle from AC Unity, by which I mean crowds are noticeably thinner. This dramatically helps performance, but I was never truly wowed by the graphics in this game. It looks great, of course, but nothing exceptional.The controls are still janky as all hell. At this point, a jankfree Assassins Creed game would feel so vastly unfamiliar that I wouldnt know what to do with myself. Id probably end up in a corner, rocking back and forth, crying, but when I wanted to dive off the wall and tackle the bad man, the game let me! I didnt zoom into outer space for no discernible reason!There will be frustrating moments fighitng the controls. Some of the mission types are bad bad bad bad. Not quite as terrible as the tailing/eavesdropping missions, but kidnapping a single reprobate out of the middle of a park that is simply lousy with guards is dumb. I think I gave poor Freddy a heart attack because I always brought those dipsticks back dead. Sorry Fred, it was just too difficult, and in the ensuing chaos, I killed literally everyone.If the pattern holds, 2016 will have us performing some truly abysmal atrocities during World War I, probably starting with a botched assassination of Archduke Ferdinand. And then in 2017, we will get a World War IIera AC, with missions in both the Pacific Theater and the European Front, culminating when we get to kill Hitler. If this prediction turns out to be right, I want you all to mark this post as the time when I apotheosized into a prophet, and found my church upon this rock. 