New ReviewNow that I have sunk more time into it, and gotten past the introduction, I can assuredly say this game is amazing. Combat is challenging yet satisfying. No longer the insane kill count you could get with III, Black Flag, or even Unity some times. Now you have to be cautious with who you pick your fights with.Rope launcher is one of the funnest tools Ive every used in a game. I feel like a mid century SpiderMan swinging around London, and yet, its inclusion doesnt break the gameplay, or negate the free running aspect. Speaking of which, is far more fluid than before. You still get parts where you jump to somewhere you did not want to, but no where near the clunkiness of Unity. The have ironed out the bugs, and given it a more fluid feel, and it is a huge improvement.Characters are engaging. I have only played with Jacob so far, but the quips he makes as you play throughout the game always seem to make me chuckle. Evie is alright, but I need mroe time playing with her to really flesh out her character. Jacob being more reckless and aggressive, Evie being the voice of reason, and tactical.Gang wars are enjoyable, and feel great with combat system, and recruiting rooks, and fighting blighters is easily one of my favorite parts of this.Of course, no doubt everyone is curious about the performance, especially with the debacle of Unity. The game performs flawlessly in that aspect. I have aGTX 980 and factory clockIntel i54690k at stock clock16GB of RAMAnd it runs the game so, SO smoothly. Im getting a MINIMUM of 60fps, and easily go upwards into 8590 in the less intensive parts of roaming. No glitches yet, no horryfiying faces, and though they may be there, I have yet to see them.All in all, this is a great addition to the franchise, and adds several new gameplay elements without being to over the top. 60 may be a little much for the game, since it is essentially the same formula, but if you enjoy the franchise this is worth picking up.Old ReviewGood so far. Characters seem enaging enough, and the navigation is better. No glitches yet, and the frame rate is stellar. Pulling 60 fps constantly with a 980/4690K combo. 