I just finished the main story and eliminated all the Blighters from all the boroughs. It was a whirlwind.Im going to write a lot about what I liked and didnt like. But first, Id like to tell you about one of the things I did in this game.My mission was to knock out a guard and steal his uniform. Silly me, I forgot that you could kidnap people and then basically walk them through the front door as long as you stay like 5 ft from the other guards, so I knocked him out and took his uniform while inside the heavily guarded complex. Nobody saw me, but the next objective was to hide the body. I have to get that 100 sync, and to do that I needed to hide the body in a carriage. There were no carriages in the area I was in, and the only feasible way out was past two guards. They werent looking in my direction they were facing the street. Oh, also the other 100 sync objective was to not kill anyone. So my dilemma was how can I escape past these two guards without killing them with a halfnaked body draped over my shoulder? They were too far away to whistle at from behind cover, so I did the next best thing. I put the body on the ground a few feet behind them, threw a smoke bomb, then hurriedly picked up the body and waddled as fast as possible past the guards. And, to my surprise, it worked! But then I was carrying a halfnaked body through the streets of London. Anyway, thats just one example of the crazy antics you can get up to in Syndicate.So, to start, Ill discuss the main story.Jacob and Evie Frye, twins, are the protagonists. Theyve just arrived in London and are trying to rid the city of Templar presence. Crawford Starrick is the main villain, and hes actually pretty convincing. Better than Unitys villains, at least, whom I could barely even keep track of. Starricks gang is called the Blighters, and theyre crawling all over London. You have to seize control of the boroughs of which there are seven one at a time by clearing objectives zone by zone. This becomes apparent when you see the city map. To help with this task, Evie and Jacob form their own gang, the Rooks.I like Evie and Jacob. The dialogue for both of them is witty and true to their personalities, which are very different. I wont spoil anything, but lets just say that their personalities clash... a lot. This becomes even more apparent and important in the later sequences. They both also play somewhat differently, but I found that either could be used for any side mission. The main story sequences are basically the only points in the game where you cant switch between the twins at will. They both also have different priorities in London, and their individual main story missions reflect that.The main story is alright. I definitely think that Jacobs side is more interesting. If you play the game, youll see what I mean. I found the missions themselves to extremely varied. The optional objectives really spice things up and youd be doing yourself a favor to try and complete them. There are few follow missions and eavesdrop missions, which is good. The ones that do exist seem, for the most part, properly placed in the story. I like the unique kills for the big assassination missions. The other characters you meet along the way are also qiute fun and animated. Some of the historical figures are spectacular, and even have their own mission tracks aside from the main story.The side missions are fun and varied. I found the clearing of the boroughs somewhat repetitive. I would have liked fewer Bounty Hunt missions and more Templar Hunts, Child Liberations, and Gang Strongholds. The Child Liberations were too easy until the more difficult boroughs, where level design was really stepped up. For the Templar Hunts, I like the optional objectives. They really serve to create diversity in situations where otherwise I might just pick off every Blighter with a throwing knife.The Assistant missions or Companion or whatever are fun. I havent completed them all, but they seem varied and interesting. Its a like place where the game designers were able to experiment. One mission I really had fun with was one where Jacob got to shoot a gatling gun on a moving train.Note I also hear that the DLCs especially Jack the Ripper are pretty good. Cant wait! If youre thinking of buying a Season Pass, though, I also hear that not all of the DLC that has been released is included, so definitely look into that before you buy.The following paragraphs are a  mixture of compliments and criticism, because there are certainly some things to criticize.The city of London is huge, bigger than Unitys Paris. I loved Paris. It was so beautiful and felt so alive. London feels empty. I get that the designers were going for realism, but things are too far apart. If a game has a huge map, I would prefer that it be divided into clearer segments that you arent constantly traversing. The addition of carriages and the grappling hook make things a little easier, but still. The grappling hook is not fast enough, and sometimes you are not given the option to attach to certain surfaces. The carriages can be fun, but when you spur the horse which you will be doing nearly constantly because things are so far apart the city blurs around you, an effect of the speed. This is cool at first, but after a while it strains the eyes. You wouldnt have to ride the carriages so much if the borough activities werent so fast and far apart. You spend three or four minutes clearing a gang stronghold, then its two minutes of uncomfortable, blurry carriage riding. So yeah.These next things will be a collection of random comments and nitpicks.I like the free run down option. Its quick.Kicking open chests is faster than in Unity, where you had to bend down and open them. I prefer this. However, picking locks has been reduced to holding down a button. I really liked Unitys system. It was fun when one time, I opened a level 3 chest with only level 1 lockpicking skill because of pure skill on my part, and a little bit of luck. In a future game, I would like to see the player kick open unlocked chests, but have to play a little minigame to unlock locked chests and doors.I like the crafting system, although I never thought much about the individual materials themselves. Maybe if the materials were tied more into the story. Perhaps, if metal was required resource for the next tier of weapons, and you had to storm and seize the mines to get it? Or something like that?The new weapons in the game are kukris, metal knuckles, and caneswords. I was a little ticked off at first, because I really like fighting with a regular sword or two, but the weapons grew on me. I prefer kukris because I like the swiping and slicing animations of knifelike weapons, but the brass knuckles felt cool too.The combat! How could I have forgotten this until now? I dont really like it. It takes too many hits to kill enemies. I would really prefer it if they were just harder to hit. I really liked Unitys combat, although I never used the dodge option. The one combat mechanic from Syndicate that I would like to see in the next game is dodging bullets. Or knives or arrows or darts. That made me feel like I had to be more aware of defending myself. Assassins Creed still doesnt have great combat, and this is especially obvious when you are surrounded by enemies.Im running out of space to write, so to conclude I really liked this game. It made many improvements, most notably in gameplay, but also in characters and dialogue. London was meh, too big. Graphics were good, but a little cartoonylooking at times. New weapons and crafting were meh. Combat was a little worse than meh. But overall, the game creates some really amazing moments and sequences. The ending boss fight was not great. Too similar to Unitys. The game was great, but too easy. Only a few sequences were really challenging. The end. I recommend. 