TLDR If you have enjoyed other AC titles, then you will likely enjoy this one, at least enough to make it worth its sale price. If youve never played an AC title, dont start with this one.Now for what I think... Syndicate is a beautiful game but unfortunately lacks depth and challenge, and faces a lot of the same issues that past AC titles struggled with. The city of London is masterfully brought to life, and most of my enjoyment in this game simply comes from walking or more commonly, ziplining around. Unfortunately it seems to be populated with a bunch of morons. Seriously, the AI in this game is somehow worse than previous AC games, it is just all around laughably bad. Combat with these morons is very easy. Button mash, counter, watch a double kill animation, dodge a bullet, repeat. Sadly this makes the whole sneaky assassin thing seem irrelevant. There is some fun to be had pretending to be sneaky, but usually its just a chore and a selfimplied challenge for minor reward. After all, if every enemy in the train station is dead, who is gonna bug me when I kidnap the conductor? At this point Id also like to express my deep hatred for the kidnapping mechanic in this game. Not once was it fun, very few times did it make contextual sense, and often it was bugriddled and terrible. Also the crowdblending thing, which has been very useful in most AC titles, now seems to be butchered and hardly works at all. The enemies you are tasked with killing are usually very forgettable. And the common thugs all look very similar, its like killing the same ugly englishman/woman over and over again all around London.So now it sounds like I hate this game... but I actually mostly enjoy it. Its a guilty pleasure really, running around completely overpowered, killing everything in sight so that I can collect beers or flowers or whatever the hell you collect in this game. Ziplining is almost as good as the Batman Arkham titles, but it occasionaly fails at moments when you really need it to work. The protagonists are likeable enough and many of the historicallyinspired allies have fun little side stories that make the whole game seem like a parody, which is good because at this point I find it very hard to take the AC storyline seriously. minor spoiler Riding carriages is fun, taking over London is fun though repetitive, and, if youre into it, collecting all the things is fun. Also the game is very well optimized for PC, as far as I can tell. Just make sure to put it on an SSD or you will face load times from hell. 