My experiences with AC Syndicate are... rather disappointing.First off, they have ruined the controls of free running, its not that the Free Run Up and Down options are useless, they help a lot, but its how reactive the character is. It feels like it has auto pilot on half the time, they never go where I actually want them to go, and they always jump in the wrong direction. And The Wall Eject is crap now, you actually need something they can grab on to behind them for it to work, so if you want to jump off a wall onto the ground it wont do it.Secondly, Combat..... Oh the horrible combat... They are supposed to be trained Assassins, so why doesnt a counter kill or at least do more damage. If you have to attack an enemy 12 times just to kill them with your Kukuri/Crane Sword, then why do you call yourself an Assassin, thats a disgrace to AC, AC2, Brotherhood and Revelations. Hell, even AC3 and AC4 had good combat. What happened Ubisoft?Third, movement. No more fast walk, why? It could have improved the stealth aspect a lot, instead of needing to run at a target to get to them faster. I dont remember when they took away the option to gently push citizens aside to walk past them, now its just a bump into them sending them stumbling, how very Assassin like, why not draw more attention to yourself?Fourth and Finally, the zipline. Incredibly handy, best tool they introduced. However, at least Ezio had a hook to protect his hand. And the fact that you can slide UP the zipline at that speed is ridiculous, at least make them put one hand infront of the other and slowly go up.They have made massive improvements to the Assassins Creed series, and I really enjoy the story and how detailed the game is. its beautiful on max settings, and the voice acting is great. But they really ed the Assassin aspect of the game up. Sure Evie acts like the assassins should, but Im plain disappointed in how the Combat, Movement, and feel of the controls have changed. If they were more responsive and climbed in the direction I aimed instead of their own path that would be tremendous. I realize that I did complain about the combat, and that assassins are meant to be quite and stealth kill, but the gang fights kill that, and when you  up and get caught by the enemies you have no choice to fight, so, why wouldnt they be trained to kill faster? Why do they take so long to put the blade in the enemies throat, heart, face, or tear open a massive wound with a blade in their stomach? I just dont understand what Ubisoft was thinking.All in all, I enjoy the game to a fine point, after that, its a world of disappointment.Do I recommend this game?Yes and No. I will put Yes, but its boarderline No. 