Another very good installment from Ubisoft. While I dont think it quite lives up to its predecessor, it was still enjoyable to play.Basic info on equipment HP Pavilion dv66123cl entertainment notebook. Processor AMD A63400M APU w/Radeon HD Graphics 1.40 GHz. Installed RAM of 6 GB. 64Bit Windows 10 OS. Wired external mouse and keyboard. No additional equipment used or upgrades made to computer.Gameplay and Controls 6/10  Same as the last game, which actually was a bonus for me, considering how long it took me to get used to the controls in the first place. p The addition of the hotkey to call on other assassins was nice, but honestly, I hardly ever used it unless it was required by the goals of the quest I was completing or I was starting to get overwhelmed by the enemies I was fighting and needed backup. Otherwise, my fellow assassin brothers kind of stayed unused. I did like how you could send them on quests to gain more skills and liberate other areas. That I actually found very useful, especially since it improved their combat ability and made them more helpful when you did end up calling on them. I also appreciated how they retained the banking and investment system from the previous game and incorporated it more into the liberation of Rome from the influence of the Templars.Graphics 9/10  Im not sure why, but I actually felt that the graphics were a tiny step down from the previous game. The overall feel of the world was still just as rich, and it made exploring Rome incredibly fun and rewarding, but the characters and animations just seemed...off. Maybe it was a little more cookie cutter in terms of the extraneous characters? Again, Im not entirely sure why, and Id probably have to play AC II and Brotherhood a little bit again to pinpoint exactly what I found to be different. Either way, the graphics were still quite good, as with all of the AC games, and it really wasnt big enough of a difference to change my experience of the game.Storyline 7/10  The storyline was still enjoyable, but again, not quite as good as that within AC II. I think the part I liked the most was the history behind the fictional story, which made the whole thing much more immersive. Even with that, however, this game felt much less like one cohesive story and much more like a barely strung together main story supported by numerous side quests and adventures. Whereas playing AC II was like playing through a James Michener novel, with all the rich detail and background to accompany and enhance it, this felt more like reading a short story that had lots of side stories you could read in association with it. Thats possibly due to the fact that, whereas AC II covers around thirty years of history, this game only covers a few years. Either way, the story was not as well constructed, but it wasnt terrible either. It was just a little above average. I also played through The Da Vinci Disappearance DLC, and it was like an interesting short story. Even though the Copernicus Conspiracy DLC was supposedly released for PC, Ive not been able to find it on my game menus or in the Ubisoft menus, so I cant speak to how good of a story that particular software addition provides.Characters 7/10  Well, Da Vinci is still great, for the little that we see of him. And of course, Ezio is his usual charismatic self, even if hes older and maybe a little grimmer than in AC II. Otherwise, the characters lacked the same depth and variety that they had in AC II. Even the villains, with the exception of Lucrezia Borgia, I found to be very cliche. All of the characters were still somewhat believable, but I didnt feel like leaping through the screen to interact with them like I did in the previous game.Overall Rating 8/10  This game is a solid addition to the AC franchise. Its certainly not as strong, beautiful, nor coherent as AC II, but its still an enjoyable game to play for the most part, and I didnt feel like I was wasting my time, even if I was just wandering around the beautiful city of Rome. Certainly recommend.