Assassins Creed Brotherhood is the sequel to the highly successful 2009 release, Assassins Creed II. Released in 2011, two years after its predecessor, players once again take on the role of a romantic, yet badass, Italian assassin from the Renaissance era known as Ezio Auditore da Firenze. For those who have never played a game from this franchise, theres absolutely no reason to start on this installment Assassins Creed II, Brotherhood, and Revelations are a trilogy that are best played in their original chronological order. That being said, whether you liked or disliked the prior two installments, many elements of the franchise have changed, for the better, with Brotherhood, and gamers who may have disliked the repetitve nature of the last two releases would be well advised to give this title a shot.When we last left Ezio, he had finished conquering some beautiful, wellknown cities in Italy such as Venice and Florence, all the while abolishing the Templar scourge that laid within each one. In the end, his uncle Mario officially inducted him into the Assassin order, and he was last seen capturing the ever elusive Apple of Eden in a highly technologically advanced underground chamber. Assassins Creed Brotherhood picks up right where the last title ended, and continues onward from there. After a terrible and somewhat unexpected attack on his homestead, Ezio and his family flee from the now ruined Villa Audatorie. With his sister Claudia and mother Maria, Ezio settles in Roma Rome, where he has the vast city at his disposal, and many exploration opportunities lay in wait as do the Borgia, the enemy army of this title.While the last two franchise installments were seen as fairly repetitive, though to a lesser extent with the second game, Brotherhood is anything but repetitous. Its jampacked with content, though all of it is hurled at the player from nearly the start of the game. If one doesnt feel like tackling the 9 sequence story, there are a multitude of other events to take on memories of Ezios first love, Cristina, Borgia towers to scale and burn down, thief missions, assassination contracts, courtesian tasks, Leonardo sequences, and so very much more. Not to mention the plethora of chests, feathers, and Borgia flags that need to be collected. While the main story lasts about 1315 hours, players can expect a solid 3050 if they choose to complete everything there is absolutely no lack of content here.There are also a number of series changes and franchise firsts in Brotherhood. This is the first Assassins Creed title to introduce challenges, though they are all factionthemed for the mercenaries, theives, and courtesans. Its also the first to include 100 Synch objectives, where one must attempt to meet the extra criteria per mission to achieve a complete synchronization with Ezio. More virgin elements include the ability to replay any mission, main or not, as well as the Assassins Guild a somewhat minigame where Ezio can send his army of assassins out into the field to level them up with experience points, as well as gain gold and items. Speaking of which, yes, Brotherhood is the debut of actual items that are used to complete shop quests. There are also fast travel points now, and Ezio can spend his hardearned money rebuilding Roma by reconstructing shops, banks, stables, and purchasing historical landmarks.Roma is the only map players will be traversing for the entirety of their game time, and while that may sound boring, rest assured that it is not. Roma in and of itself is massive, especially when taking in to account everything that there is to do within it lets not forget the down right incredible Armor of Romulous that can be earned by finding six scrolls, much akin to earning the Armor of Altair in Assassins Creed II, but I digress. Gamers will absolutely need a horse to get around, and luckily there are plenty about another series first, being able to ride a horse in town. This also means there are new, challenging enemies that ride horseback if you spark the guards interest enough. On the topic of guards, the combat system has been revamped a little bit. Chain kills are much easier to achieve, and Ezios new executions are as gruesome as they are fascinating.On the downside, Brotherhood does little in the way of modernday story telling not much emphasis is placed on currentera protagonist Desmond Miles, although players are free to exit the Animus at any time before finishing the game. Theres very little incentive to do so, aside from collecting a few artifacts, reading a few emails, and getting fed some irrelevant, uninteresting dialogue from Lucy and the gang. Where as at the end of Assassins Creed II, there was at least a sequence to play through as a reward for sitting through the grueling amount of endgame credits, Brotherhood has nothing but a cliffhanger and a 15 minute long, unskippable credit sequence. This title also still has fairly wonky climbing mechanics, although they do seem to be a little improved over its predecessor.All in all, if you hated the last two releases of the franchise, play Brotherhood it may very well redeem the series for you with its refreshing plethora of content. If you enjoyed the last two Assassins Creed titles, then definitely grab this installment. The villains are some of the most memorable in the entire series, the side missions are completely worth spending the time on, and Ezio is just as suave and charismatic as always. Once again, I highly recommend getting The Ezio Trilogy on console if you have one the remastered set gives breathtaking new life to these old titles with vibrant color, better textures, and upgraded character models.The Horror NetworkClick for Gore