Sick game, with a mindblowing ending, as always when it comes to AC games. Takes everything good from the previous games and just improves upon it, with perfected details and stunning graphics  environments. The combat is excellent, fluid, and has been given more complexity and variety  even the story is incredible. There is so much nuance, and a ton of humor and clever lines to boot. Especially due to the last level of the game, I have gained so much more interest in Desmonds story. Excellent game, the best of the first three in the series.It still has a few minor flaws and some unnecessary/pointless game components, like the purchasing of buildings which made completionist status take SO MANY HOURS LONGER    but that barely damages it, compared to how much they have done right and improved upon. The new character customization options are nice touches, although largely cosmetic and pointless. There are some sweet easter eggs in this game as well  like a Raiden costume from Metal Gear Solid. Why in the world did they include that? Lol.The story is much better, clearer, and more relatable than the previous ones it is better paced and much more cinematic. The best parts of the game are, yet again, the Truth puzzles hidden throughout the game  they are so intriguing, so complex, so mysterious and revealing simultaneously, and sometimes crazily challenging. I loved that part of the game the most. It was also my favorite part from ACII, so I am surprised that the devs were able to outdo themselves and make an even better set of puzzles than before.Sadly, the multiplayer community is dying, and it remained a bit difficult to find even a single match  I waited for 10 minutes just searching for a match. But when I got to play, it was a ton of hectic, fastpaced, heartpounding fun. The only other big negative is the UPlay software requirement and overlay, but its not too much of a bother to me. Except for when it kept my game from EVER LAUNCHING. I had to run the game in compatibility mode for Windows 98 to get it to work  I have no idea why it would work in Windows 98 but not Windows 8. Absurd, especially for them not to patch something so simple, yet so frustrating to have to figure out on your own. Ubisoft, you suck. 