Arguably one of the best Assassins Creed games out there. Assassins Creed Brotherhood takes the mechanics and ideas from its predecessor, Assassins Creed 2, and refines them. It was an amazing adventure indeed. Slowly establishing your connections throughout the city of Rome and building your Brotherhood was a fun journey. However, like every game out there, it does have some flaws associated with it.Pros Combat. Its been refined and been made much more fun. Ezio can shoot faster with the pistol this time around, and the execution streaks are satisfying to watch. Story Picks up where Assassins Creed 2 left off. We are introduced to somewhat good characters, and an intruguing plot. Your own Assassins to command This is a great addition to the game. We now have our own guild. We can call the members to aid us in combat or get them to take on contracts through which they gain experience and become more and more powerful. You can also customize them with dyes, and the skill points they earn can be allocated to upgrade the armor  and/or the weapons they possess.A range of customization A lot of weapons/armors/dyes to select from .This is always an added bonus for me.Soundtrack Oh god, the soundtrack. So god damn beautiful. ahhhhhGraphics Pretty great for its time, and still manages to hold up to this day.Mixed/ Climbing It feels somewhat...inaccurate. At times, Ezio would jump off the specified path and prefered suicide instead. But at times it also felt great./ World Design I dont know why but i dont feel all that fascinated by the worlds design, except for a few places/areas. But i guess thats just me. P/ Characters Not all that interesting too be honest. No particular attachment to anyone or rooting for anyone except for Ezio ofc/ Awkward Color Pallete The color pallete changes upon entering different districts of Rome. Only one of the filter looks great, the rest of the two look awkward and plain ugly.ConsTailing missions For s sake can we please stop them. These are genuinely annoying and frustrating and have no other objective than to prolong the length of the section.Optimization I get awkward stuttering, although i can run a bunch of games easily at 60FPS. And the stuttering can be annoying.Easy The game can be genuinely easy at times.Repetitive Could get slightly repetitve at times as well.In the end, the pros outweigh the cons. I highly recommend this to fans of the Assasins Creed genre, and to everyone in general. Its an amazing experience one that should not be missed. Absolutely loved the game.I give it a solid 8/10. 