The game is good for the most part. The engine and gameplay is ok. Interesting aspect is the assassins that you can recruit and train. But, it gets into the game little too late and at that part it does not play that important role as it could play in earlier game. Wasted opportunity.Story is somewhat ok. I liked story from first. The second one was ok. This one is... whatever. Its not bad, but you would expect little more.If you like games like prince of persia or tomb raider, get it. Its a nice game.Spoilers ahead and some ramblingOverall the game is really nice. It has some problems. During fights the camera likes to position itself in odd places, like on top of the tree. This way it gives you some extra immersion. Sometimes Ezio doesnt want to execute the leap of faith correctly and instead of landing in hay you are landing 2 meters from it and break all you bones. These are quite rare that dont really bother that much. What is bothering are missiong with french army. They are really poorly made. Its not obvious what you are suppose to do. But even that is kinda ok. You can play the mission twice, thats not a problem really. Especially that the game is really enjoyable. What is the realy bummer is the last 2 sequences and Desmond ending. Jezzz... You are given the apple. That apple forbids you from using any weapons and you have 3 missions in row to kill enemies. The apple is a purely useless weapon so you watch how your assassins and friends are killing enemies. Its purely boring. Then there is a cutscene where Ezio say in one sentence that we should never use the apple useless weapon and the next thing he is using the apple. Then there is a sequence where Ezio is has to go through a battle field without the damn apple and kill the main bad guy. Thats ok.I really would like if the game would just end there, but no. Then you have some prince of persia sequence with desmond. The whole tension with Ezio is ruined by that sequence. Its actually the most boring sequence in the whole game. The ending. Overall the game is ok for the 90  of it and then just disapoints you. 