Originally written 11/21/2010Through his many exploits, the Assassin, Desmond Miles Renaissanceera ancestor Ezio Auditore has become famous or rather, infamous for his charisma and skill, including prowess with his killing implements. But he cant take down the corrupt Knights Templars agents, the Borgias, alone he must enlist help. He must establish a Brotherhood, one that will strike fear in the agents of evil and bring peace and tranquility to the known world.This is a very worthy sequel to the second Assassins Creed AC2, which followed Ezio on his quest to get revenge against the Templars for the death and trauma caused in his family. At the very end after sparing Rodrigo Borgia who had become Pope Alexander VI through his Templar connections and overpowering charisma, Ezio was given a revelation by a strange, godlike being called Minerva, who told him that humanity was created by her race there was a cataclysm long in the past and it would happen again in the future. Whether that has anything to do with the story of the current game has yet to be determined.What is clear is that you spend a lot more time in the present 2012 in this installment. Desmond, the real protagonist Lucy, his savior and close friend and ally Rebecca, the techie of the group and Shaun, the historian with a rather dry sense of humor, find themselves in the ruins of Monteriggione, the Auditore villa, where they set up shop to look for clues to the lost Apple of Eden an ancient mindcontrolling device. Desmond finds himself hallucinating ghosts as the genetic memories he experiences in the Animus come to him as hes up and about. And Ezio himself has a much more sprawling quest this time aroundHe finds himself in Rome, tracking down the orchestrator of the assault on his villa, Cesare Borgia. The Borgias influence in Italys great city knows few bounds, with their guards nearly fulltime on the alert for the escaped assassin in their midst. Fortunately, you can ignite their towers throughout the city to reduce their influence, and buy and renovate shops and other amenities throughout the city much like you did in Monteriggione in AC2.This is a MASSIVE game, and a highly enjoyable one too! The story is still very convoluted and filled with historical references  for instance, the ultimate cynic and powerplayer, Machiavelli, makes a much larger showing in this game, and Leonardo da Vinci returns with more fascinating and dangerous inventions. Completing missions in certain ways will bring forth Ezios repressed memories, which serve as a sort of prequel to the previous game, as Ezio tracks down his crush, the beautiful Cristina, and tangles with his rival/enemy, Vieri Pazzi. And there is a mysterious yet extremely hostile faction, the Followers of Romulus the mythical founder of Rome who was raised by wolves, who wear wolf skins and helmets and attack ferociously like their inspiration but they are the stewards of wondrously protective armorThere are so many new sidequests and diversions to try in this game but then, Rome is a huge city, three times as big as Florence from AC2. But when youre through temporarily, to be sure traipsing through Rome, the multiplayer, new to the series, will test your mettle against your fellow man the rather surprising back story here being that you play the bad guys a Templar in virtual training against other Templars. In the several modes, you are given a target another player while simultaneously being targeted. Your prey cant see you unless you run close to him an indicator shows when youre close, and extra points are awarded for stealth, ranged kills and averting attacks from your own pursuers.All in all, an excellent game one you can spend hours losing yourself in. I give it five out of five stars! 