Assassins Creed Broterhood is at its core not a bad game, but it has a few too many flaws in order for me to be able to recommend it to anyone who does not intend to play it just for the story.ProsThe main city is quite big and well madeLogical continuation of the storyThe parkour feels really satisfying, when it worksA good amount of sidequests and other activitesConsWhen the parkour does not work, its quite frustratingHighly inconsistent controlsBroken economySimplistic combat and overlong kill animationsRushed endingAssassins Creed Brotherhood starts right where Assassins Creed 2 left, and the makers of the game seem to take for granted that youve played the previous game. The gameplay in Brotherhood is nigh identical to that of Assassins Creed 2, and that sadly also means that they did not bother fixing some of the flaws that that game had.A core part of what makes the Assassins Creed games is the parkour system. Jumping from rooftop to rooftop can be a real joy, and many of the missions also have lengthy parkour elements. The system is not without its flaws though, the game sometimes has a hard time telling where you want to jump, and decides to jump to something to the side rather than straight ahead, resulting in some embarrassing deaths. Its at least not as bad as it was in Assassins Creed 1, but there is still a lot of room for improvement here. The game designers also decided to lock the camera at some points during these parkour segments, but as movement is relative to the camera, when the camera locks at an awkward angle and it always does, jumping in the right direction becomes harder than it should be.One flaw that seem to have become bigger with the introduction of some new elements is the problem with the inconsistent controls. Most games would simply have a use key that you would press when using levers, opening doors, talking to people, looting bodies  and opening chests, but Assassins Creed Brotherhood has 3 different keys that is being used here. E, Shift and the dreaded any key which can be a hassle if youre close to the object and intend to run in any direction. And its not entirely consistent about which key youre supposed to use at any given moment. This is made even more annoying by the fact that tutorial message that tell you very basic things keep popping up through the entire game, which covers the button prompts. Attacking is also a bit inconsistent. For most attacks, the left mouse button is used, like in any other game, but when using cannons and other more exotic mounted weapons, its suddenly the right mouse button that is used instead. This inconsistency makes no sense, as the left mouse button is not used at all during these segments. When mounting or dismounting things boats, horses  cannons there is again an inconsistency in regards to what button youre supposed to press. Shift, space and the left mouse button are all used for this. Finally, when using the crossbow or pistol you suddenly aim with WASD and cant control the camera at all, which makes those weapons really awkward to use.The story is for the most part quite nice, for an action game. Whats going on makes sense within the confines of the universe and most of the characters also behave in a relatively believable way. The voice actors that voice the major characters do a good job at portraying them. Sadly the later parts of the game feel rushed and the story end up feeling a bit disjointed towards the end, jumping from place to place with no logical transition. It felt like I missed several cutscenes during the final 2 hours of the game. The level design of these parts also show signs of being rushed, as I found 3 spots where I got stuck without looking for them during chapter 7 alone. Getting stuck in the level geometry is generally a sign of lack of playtesting.Finally, the economy system is just as broken in Brotherhood as it was in Assassins Creed 2. The game showers you with money as soon as youve started to make a few investments, and money ends up being a nonissue, to the point where it might as well not be there in the first place.In closing, I find it very hard to actually recommend Assassins Creed Brotherhood to anyone. While it has its share of good elements, it also has quite a few problems that make what otherwise would have been a good action game a soso one. There are just too many better games out there for Brotherhood to be worth playing, unless youre just playing it to get the complete Assassins Creed story. 