Fan favorite Ezio Auditore is back for another episode in his story! AC Brotherhood takes place RIGHT after the events of Assassins Creed 2 So, if you havent played AC 2, definitely play that first and Ezio is in search of the Apple of Eden as he attempts to save Roma from Templar control. This games story is really good and its a great followup to AC 2, and the twist at the beginning is great!Since this is a sequel to AC 2, youll see a lot of familiar faces as you play through. Each character is great and wellwritten, including the main antagonist, and none of them ever feel boring. They all feel like they belong in the game. Ezio himself, like always, is fantastic. You get the sense that hes matured a lot through is journeys and you get to continue to see him grow as a character.The setting as well is great and beautiful. The map is rather large, even if you dont really get to go anywhere else besides Rome. Theres even flags and treasure to collect, if youre into that sort of thing. The graphics look even better than AC 2, despite there not being much time in between the two. The colors are vivid and the game runs smoothly.Now, onto the real reason you want this game Well, besides for the story and Ezio. The combat system in this game is so far one of the best combat systems weve gotten in an AC game. Theres not too much of a difference between AC 2s and Brotherhoods combat system, but its still fun and satisfying Not very challenging though saddly.Obviously, youre going to need weapons to go into combat. Youll find a nice variety of weapons in the black smith shops, from light, sharp, and fast swords, to heavy and powerful ones, to the typically onehit kill wrist pistol, as well as hammers, maces, and even daggers for those quick kills. Of course, you also get two hidden blades Eventually   The weapons are all well designed and feel fantastic when using them. Also, youll find armor in the smithing shops that will boost your resistance to attacks, as well as add more health points to Ezio.Since you have all of these weapons, its time for some slicing and dicing And were not talking about carrots here. Youll fight an assortment of different enemies, from heavy armored powerful axe/large sword wielding dudes, to lightontheirfeet daggermen, to the basic hammer/sword dudes, pistol dudes SO annoying, lancemen, and light armored swordsmen. So, yeah, you probably wont run out of things to stab anytime soon. Some of the enemies can be a little challenging, especially when they group up, but theyre not all that difficult And still cant swim! If they just asked Ezio for swimming lessons, maybe hed do it. They are, however, fun to kill.Tired of fighting bad guys alone? Well, this is Assassins Creed BROTHERHOOD, right? Wheres the Brotherhood? Well, guess what...you can now rescue civilians and train them to be assassins! Once you save civilians, youll be able to put them to good use and train them up. You can call your men/ladies into battle and theyll take out soldiers for you. In fact, if theres not too many soldiers, you dont even have to lift a finger! Once you have enough, you can call in an arrow storm to take out some fools! Awesome! You can also send these guys on missions for you in different areas in Europe/Asia Theyll send you postcards, Im sure of it!. On missions/contracts, they can gain more levels max level is level 10 and even get you some much needed cash! Once theyve leveled up, you can upgrade their armor or weapon, free of charge. This is a great new mechanic and thankfully made it to Revelations.If you need more people for your Brotherhood, all you have to do is take out Borgia Towers. These are restricted areas that are controlled by Borgia Templar Captains. Take out the captain, destroy the tower, and the areas yours Along with an extra slot for another assassin in your Brotherhood!.While fighting, you might take a few hits so, youll need to heal up. For that, youll need some medicine Just pop some pills, youll be fine!. Where are you going to get this medicine though? The back alleyway? Nope. Uncle Marios meth lab? Definitely not. Youll find different venues all over Rome that will sell you much needed supplies including a doctor that will get you that medicine. Most of the stores are closed though so, you have to upgrade them so theyre open. Doing this gives you a discount. Theres a tailor, who can dye your clothes and give you storage upgrades on throwing knives, medicine, and the heavy weapon upgrade. The doctor, of course, gives you heals, medicine, and poison. Theres also an art merchant, because who doesnt love some Italian art?If youre looking for side quests, this games got it! Theres shop quests that allow you to get the best armor and I believe the best sword in the game by completing them. All you have to do is find different needed materials around Rome. Theres also Leonardos Machine levels where you help destroy Leonardos war machines hes been forced to make for the Templars. These are always fun and are usually action packed! Do all of these and youll get a reward D Theres also some other side quests scattered around, but Ill let you do the exploring. Also, DO THE CRISTINA MISSIONS!!! BUT MAKE SURE YOU PLAY AC 2 FIRST!!!. If youre stuck on how to get the Cristina missions, theyre based off of total sync. Once you reach a certain level of total sync, they will show up on the map And a message will pop up.Overall, AC Brotherhood is one of the best editions to the Assassins Creed franchise. I HIGHLY recommend getting this game, but like I said before, make sure you play Assassins Creed 2 first! You wont regret it!