The amount of hate i have for this game is greater then the amount of debt Ovomit has put us in. Ovomits debt in the past 7 years has been greater then all the debt combined by all the presidents in our entire history. This is how much hate i have for this game, its more then ALL of the games i have EVER played before.Lets startThe camera has a mind of its own. it moves and twists and wont let you do what you want to.Movement is preset, by this i mean you have NO freedom to move! NO chance to fall, its a crock of !The quests are insanely HARD! forget about doing them perfect and getting 100 sync, it wont happen unless you do each quest 40 times you cant do them perfect, and the dumbass greedy DEvs made it so hard that you have to do each quest 20 times just to get a chance to get it right! i dont like games which makes you do things perfectly, and i cant fucing stand games that make you do each task 20 fucin times! !Every quest is exactly the same thing but they get harder and harder as you do them! Not a game, this is a job! Not fun, its work! i like to do my best but this is fucing ridiculous!Dont waste your time with ANY of the assassin creed games, they will onlyyou off. None of the AC games are different, its the exact same quest over and over and over and over and they get harder and harder and harder!I guarentee you will get mad at some point and its prolly gona be many times! Save your heart, save your wallet and dont waste your time with this insanely hard game!Range on a pistol is the exact as the range on a throwing kife and cross bow??? Seriously Devs are you that ?I can go on and on about the bugs and crap in this game.The investment system is a joke.invest 1,000,000 gold...yes i did the math and it would take a person sitting infront of a building for 100 hours to invest 1mill coins. YES 100 hours of doing nothing but waiting on investments to get done...A game shouldnt be impossible to beat nor should it be simple and easyclimbing..All around a joke these games are!I have played Ac, Ac2, brotherhood and i can honestly say not one of these games i havent gotten mad at because of the ignorance put into developing them!Give it up guys, you failed miserably!8 minutes to beat a map, and lets teach you new jumps during it also, we understand you will have to replay that map 40 times just to be able to get it done, let alone in 8 minutes, and btw you cant take any damage...HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE 