I bought this when it was first released for Mac. My opinion of AC2 Brotherhood is tinged by the technical issues Ive had with the game and with some gameplay issues.Technical first  starting with the longstanding issues. When I bought the game it locked me out of AC2 which would fail at launching uplay  an issue Ubi support swore blind wasnt caused by Uplay DRM. I eventually gave up contacting them after around 4 months or so as it started to seem more like busywork rather than actually resolving the issue. Eventually a patch came out after a few years which magically and silently resolved the issue.I have always had to launch the game multiple times so the game will accept keyboard input.Multiplayer never really worked on OSX  and it seems Ubisoft decided it wasnt worth the hassle of fixing  hence the large notice saying MP isnt supported on mac.The combination of the above led me to never buy any Ubisoft game since.Newer issues which I expect will get no fixes from the devs due to the games age and lack of interest in the platform  the uplay app has an opaque white overlay, essentially obscuring the single means of launching the game.Its still functional  you just have to memorise the button positions as the overlay flickers to life or launch the game from MP which bypasses Uplay altogether. This latter is actually faster than going through Uplay  which underlines how important tethering the game to Uplay actually is for user experience.Finally on OSX 10.13.1 the game freezes for reasons Ive yet to figure out. So if you are contemplating buying the game for the first time  be aware you may only get to play it in bursts of 510 minutes.As to gameplay, at its best its enormously fun. While combat is kind of reliant on block and counter and the kill streaks have always given me a Dance Dance Revolution meets QTE vibe which I never quite liked, there is some variety there if you look for it.My niggles with the gameplay thoughWith hindsight taking the route of collectables/feathers/flags to pad any claims of XX hours of playtime trend started with AC but I gather it is a staple of Ubisoft open world games. The biggest AC2 B peeve however the control schemes are messed around to make things more difficult in certain, non skippable, timer critical, missions. This is something that gets hammered into budding game devs as a major nono  dont spend time encouraging and rewarding players for using your control system, then whip the rug out from under them unless you really want tothem off. This isnt a git gud issue, I completed the missions but I despised and resented the game for punishing me for being good at the games, up to then, control system.