TLDR Preview An enjoyable game that improves on its predecessor and introduces a great new multiplayer component is unfortunately brought down by technical issues on the Mac version.Ah, Roma. A beautiful city filled with the good things in life wine, women, neckstabbings... Following up on the much acclaimed Assassins Creed II, Brotherhoods single player campaign tells the story of an older Ezio Auditore, a master assassin whos home is attacked by the powerful Borgia family, forcing him to relocate to Rome in pursuit of people to pay loving steel retribution to. While youre on your revenge tour, Assassins Creed Brotherhood offers you the opportunity to train your own army of assassins, raising them from street urchins to your own private army of conspicuously dressed murderers.While many aspects of the game, such as the freerunning system central to the games mechanics or the counterattackbased combat, have received slight refinement if any real changes at all, the package as a whole feels wellput together. Thats not to say no changes have been made, as there are portions of the game which have received noticeable improvements, primarily the visuals. Assassins Creed II, while a detailed protrayal of Renaissance Italy, suffered from a color palette that at times could be described as downright dreary and washed out. With the move to Rome, ACB has given Ezio a much brighter environment to commit murder in. Colors are more vibrant, the sun actually shines, and the setting benefits greatly from it. Running around in Rome became a pleasure, not an occasional chore. Characters and character animations have also been improved, and it doesnt always feel as if Ezio spends his time talking with snappily dressed mannequins.Perhaps the best and most noticeable improvement to the Assassins Creed formula, however, stems from the new multiplayer mode. Pitting players against each other in a battle of cunning and stabbings in a variety of game modes, AC Bs multiplayer offering you the chance to test your assassin skills against live opponents tests you in a way few other multiplayer games do. While there are several game types to choose from, the highlight for many players will be the Wanted mode. It helps that this mode is the best suited for showing off the potential of the multiplayer component. In this mode, players are made to pursue a designated target around an environment populated with NPCs while they themselves are hunted by another player in one circle of cat and mouse. Its extremely exciting to pull off a perfectly stealthed kill on an unsuspecting opponent, and for this reason alone I could recommend Assassins Creed Brotherhood.While this review may seem to some to be universally glowing, Brotherhood does have issues a prospective purchaser may wish to keep in mind. First, this game was reviewed on the Mac port. While the game has the potential to run just fine, Macs running OS versions Lion and onwards may encounter major technical issues with getting the game to run. The multiplayer component is also barren of players, leading to matchmaking taking very long periods of time to find matches, if one can be found at all.Note Portions of this game were played in Steams Offline mode. As such, total playtime is not accurately represented on Steam. 