Third installment in my beloved series holds its own against his older brothers and even manages to bring added value. ACB organically develops both Desmonds and Ezios arcs, introduces fresh villain my favourite from the series, gives us new historical city to parkour in and even manages to introduce multiplayer, the first ever AC title to do that.Ezio is now the GrandMaster of Assassins and wants to enjoy his vacation after practically singlehandedly dismantling Firenze and Venice Templar cells, a journey that took 20 years of his life... all for revenge. Turns out that heoff that ONE man he shouldnt have while doing it. Thus, series of unfortunate events will lead Ezio into the heart of oncegreat Roman Empire  Rome. A heart corrupted and totally under control by Templars and their new Headmaster  Cesare Borgia. But fear not, for Ezio is not alone in this fight, now he has support, manpower and resources of entire Assassins Creed. Interesting story with unexpected turns right from the getgo More insight into Templar Order and their personal feuds Greatly improved combat badss chainexecutions, secondary weapons are finally useful midcombat, new enemy types, crossbow  FINALLY it was actually teased in the original AC, now we finally have it I just have to point out the villain  Cesare Borgia fearless, smart, cunning, has connections and has abolutely unquenchable thirst for power Your very own team of new assassin recruits, that you can rely on when outnumbered or cornered or when you do not desire to mess your own hands Rome is beautiful and BIG much bigger than Firenze and Venice combined! MP, I guess? not a fan of it, I like SP in my games, but its fun and I recognize that Horseriding could use polish Towerunlocking can get a bit tedious if done in one go you have to assassinate district commandant in order to liberate a district Collectables might get quite overwhelmingTo summarize, ACB is one of the best AC games ever, with great optimization and even better graphics fidelity. Combat is a neverending fun and stealth is sometimes hilariously easy with the crossbow and your team of assassins. Parkour is improved and now you are not stuck figuring out how the hell are you going to descend from this hill without breaking every single bone in your body  you have parachute now kill guards with style! Thanks science Leonardo Da Vinci 