The Assassins Creed series just keeps getting better and better. The first game was a solid start, but the missions got repetitive after a while. AC II blew me away with the number of things they added a compelling plot and characters that felt authentic, interesting platforming sequences, and a real sense of humor!I just finished the story campaign of Assassins Creed Brotherhood, and I cant decide whether I liked it better than Assassins Creed II or not.Graphically Brotherhood is obviously better, but it is not as big a difference as the change from AC to AC II. Also, 3D gaming is really useful while freerunning around Renaissance Italy because depth perception helps me to know whether I can make a jump or not.I think I preferred the story of AC II because it was an epic narrative of Ezios journey over several decades to train and grow from a rather selfcentered ladykiller young adult to a mature assassin still a ladykiller. AC Brotherhood was much more limited in scope, as it takes place over the course of a few years in the city of Rome. Dont get me wrong, it was epic, but I liked the tangible progression that Ezio went through in AC II.However, I definitely preferred the gameplay of Brotherhood. They improved on a few of the things that had been iffy in the previous games like horses! and they added some really great things as well. The big one of course is recruiting assassins to help you out. I felt like a total badass whenever I walked by a group of guards, raised my hand and whistled, and a moment later they were dead. I also became rather attached to the recruits, and it made me very proud when they gained enough experience to become fullfledged assassins. Losing recruits didnt have quite as big an emotional impact as losing people in The Walking Dead did, but when I accidentally killed one it came pretty close.The endings of these games keep getting more and more mindblowing I have heard that Revelations raises the bar once again, and I cant wait to get there. One thing that definitely gave me the chills was the date that the finale takes place on. Ubisoft has intentionally been converging all events on December 21, 2012 and the final scenes of Brotherhood take place 72 days before that.So if you were to ask me which Assassins Creed games you should play, I would say all of them. If you are short on time/money skipping the first one is excusable. AC II, Brotherhood, and Revelations make a nice little trilogy, so dont start after AC II.