TLDR  If you liked Assassins Creed II, youll more than likely like AC Brotherhood.Assassins Creed Brotherhood continues the story of AC2 right where you leave off. After Ezio fails to assassinate the Borgia Pope, he receives the message for Desmond in the vault. Confused, he returns to Monteriggioni to live a life of peace. That is shortly disrupted when Cesare Borgia appears and lays siege to Monteriggioni in revenge for Ezios attack on Rodrigo Borgia. Mario, Ezios uncle, is killed, Ezio is injured, and he flees. Ezio wakes up in the suburbs of Rome, mysteriously healed, and given new Assassin gear. Ezio must now meet up with the Assassins or whats left of them in Rome and seek revenge. Not only does Ezio have to do this himself, he must rebuild the Assassin Order. To take on the Pope, youll need more than just a single, skilled assassin.The gameplay is very similar to AC2. Same type of missions, but with a few extras. Leondardo was forced to build weapons of war based off of some of his most famous drawings and Ezio has to go destroy them to prevent the Templars from using them for their nefarious means. The game also keeps everything in the extremely expansive city of Rome, which feels like its a much closer scale replica than the other maps. The game even allows you to ride horses to help make the trip around Rome much shorter although I ended up running or using the sewers instead. The game also introduces Borgia Towers, which prevent you from restoring various areas of the city and gaining income from it. You have to kill the captain in charge of the area and then climb the tower and destroy it. Its a nice little minigame, so many of the towers are blocked off by invisible walls or basically the restriction of Ezios memories so you have to wait to be able to clear them all. The game also gives you another powerful set of armor to retrieve by going through and clearing the lairs of the Followers of Romulus, a pagan cult controlled by the Templars. So much of the gameplay is recycled from the previous game that it feels more like an expansion to AC2 rather than its own game. Building up the Brotherhood was not as exciting as it sounds since you basically rescue some random citizen in the city, they join the cause, and then you send them on missions around the Mediterranean to level up and become fullfledged Assassins. They can also play a role in fights, if you want them to, but I rarely used them, since it wasnt necessary most of the time.The story is in the game is compelling, however, as the story shifts from Rodrigo Borgia, the Pope, to his son, Cesare. It is unclear if Cesare is really loyal to the Templar cause, however, and it kind also seems to distract from the primary Assassin vs. Templar showdown. In fact, that portion of the story doesnt advance very much and few new clues are given. The whole story revolves around Ezio regaining control over the Apple so its not in the hands of the Templars or Cesare, who wants to use it for his own ends.But Rome seriously makes up for the lackluster gameplay. The scenery was amazing, the landmarks recognizable, and just being in the Eternal City was great for a hobby historian like myself. You find yourself getting lost in the winding streets of the city and learning more about its place in the Renaissance world was fascinating.Overall, I think its not as good as AC2, but if you liked AC2 youll still enjoy Brotherhood. Enjoy your trip to Rome and continue Ezios legacy! 