ACBrotherhood while a good game is a bit disappointing in a few ways.So after the so called GodsNotGods you interact with at the end of AC 2, Brotherhood picks up shortly after that moment in what will become a tireless exercise for the series. The tireless exercise is that from this point on, Assassins Creed drip feeds you its story. If you thought the story was moving at a snails pace, well ACBrotherhood moves a heck of a lot slower which unfortunately becomes a common occurrence in the series. This is completely frustrating and really an unforgivable indictment on the series. In present time, a some plot threads from AC 2 are just dropped and forgotten. In AC 2 you learn that Desmond starts seeing things from the Animus in the real world, like glimpses or ghosts of Acre, which then turns into a dream that controls much like an Animus session except without all the help of the Animus. In AC Brotherhood, nothing like that ever happens. As a matter of fact its a plot point that is dropped to never be returned to again. This strikes me as Ubisoft redacting certain story elements that would then converge into a new story that would allow them to drip feed the story from game to game. Also the present story is rendered moot, because there is almost zero emotional ties to what is happening. In AC2 you learn that Desmond is sorry for the way he treated Lucy at Abstergo and that Lucy believes in him. In AC Brotherhood you get none of that. Just exposition piled on exposition and its quite unfortunate. Ultimately the only moment that moves our characters along in their respective arcs is the ending which tries to ape the crazy ending of AC2, but is a lot less successful. This ending doesnt help anything at all. All it does is raise questions and answers none of the ones that were raised last time. At this point, the more I think about the state of the present story, the more it pisses me off. Look, the present story in AC1 and 2 wasnt anything to write home about, but it did give us a hook to latch on to. We could empathize with the characters and hope that they would get out of this okay, but in Brotherhood and subsequent iterations  or at least in Brotherhood, there is nothing that moves their arcs in any direction and its downright frustrating.When it comes to Ezios story thankfully theres a lot less inconsistencies although they are still there. Its thoroughly enjoyable story that shows us the weakness that the Assassins have. Ezios in particular. You see that he cares about people in a way others just dont. It leads him to go out of his way to help his friends and comrades and make sure they make it out alright and he doesnt leave them to just die. It endeared me to the character and makes him much more relatable. Also there is a lot less exposition, which helps. Lastly the inconsistencies are few, but still present. Ezios mother for example seems to have forgotten that half of her family has died. She is in a chipper mood and it just strikes me as unbelievable. This wouldnt be a problem if the game took place years after the second, but it doesnt it literally takes place right after the second. By the end of the second game, Ezios mother was talking again, but only slightly she was still mourning. In this game we see none of that, and Im not saying that she should be completely depressed, but the fact that she is happy strikes me as odd. We are left to assume that shes just over it, like the death of her family is sooo last year. Okay you can see that it bothers me, but its true.The gameplay is where Assassins Creed Brotherhood suffers the most. Its entirely playable, but its much the same as AC 2. If that bothers you then you probably wont find much to like in this game beyond the story and environment. However, theres no criticism I can give that you havent already heard a thousand times before, but what I can say is positive things. Yes, Positive! For one the A.I thankfully is far more consistent. In AC2 it felt like every other enemy I sneaked up to would turn around like I was making tons of noise. Now, for the most part they will only turn around if you are making a ruckus, now I said for the most part, unfortunately there are still times that enemies will turn around even if you sneak up to them and other times where they wont see you whatsoever. Now the game adds some mechanics that I thought were pretty fine, but some reviewers seemingly lambasted the game for. You eventually pick up a crossbow that shoots as fast and as far as a gun. This is great for the rooftop excursions where I just shoot a guard so it wont just start chasing me. Also there is the chain kill mechanic in where once you subdue a foe you can then kill others by just clicking the button which will turn into a one hit kill for each enemy until you are interrupted. All these things might take away from the challenge, but honestly if I got two more ACs with AC2 controls I dont care. It makes the game less frustrating and then more enjoyable. Now the last thing I want to touch on is optional objectives. Some people dont like them, but I never had any trouble with them, which makes me wonder why people are complaining in the first place. I loved them, because it forced me to actually be an assassin. It was awesome, even if it kinda forces you on a scripted path. I enjoyed them and I personally think they are a great addition to the series.Now  when it comes to environments, its as always awesome. I have actually been to Rome once before and when I went to Coliseum in this game, it was cool just, how much it was like the real thing. Thats pretty much it. Rome is a beautifully rendered environment and Nuff said.My experience might be unique with my system, but if AC 2 gave you graphical performance issues then you are in for much of the same in AC Brotherhood. The game would drop frames out of nowhere and for one stretch was stuttering uncontrollably. It was incredibly annoying. So it pains me to say that AC Brotherhood is poorly optimized with the caveat, that it might be unique to my setup, maybe you might have more luck. On the plus side it never gets to the point where the game is just unplayable.Assassins creed Brotherhood is a double edged sword. Its is technically a better game than AC2, but it also suffers from some of the same problems, but as well as some new ones. I do recommend the game and it is a good addition to the series, but not a great one. 