In 2017 CE I completed AC Brotherhood for the first time.Brotherhood is the first game in the series that introduced an idea of a 100 synchronization. And let me tell you, I parted with any notion of achieving the sync the way the humanity parts its way with its past  laughing. Basically, I got Don Auditore out of the Room1 when the timer for the entire dungeon expired. No need for any eagle vision to see the writing was on the wall 50 is good enough.I also was blown away by Ubisoft managing to cram in even more map markers for even more numerous passtimes for those who are intent on squeezing every last second of the purchase of a videogame. In sampler form those missions are not exactly bad, but Ubisoft stretched out something fierce to add Renaissance The Monopoly  and The Roman Tycoon and Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Cause in one title. So, yup, I burned a few towers, frollicked througha the Romulas dungeons, tried to put the saved citizens to a good use and sort of kept up Ezios income inline with his extravagant needs.This time round I said a firm no to glyphs and everything else.Meanwhile, what propelled the game past the AC2 to my second favorite installment in the franchise so far thats AC1AC2BAC2 for extraclarity was the most cohesive story and absolutely the best villain so far.Yes, AC2B regains what AC2 lost  its focus. Granted, its not the same focus as in the AC1. The Ancient and Noble Order of the Assassins now reminds Free Masons even more so  Altair still remains as the only qualifying Assassin in the franchise save for that one secondary character called Mickelotto. But it is a focus nonetheless.Ubisoft could not have picked a better focus. I doubt that any of the subsequent games beats AC2B in that respect.Because its Cesare Borgia! HELLS YES!500 years of bad publicity, and the unflattering portrayal in a videogame that alone would have destroyed any lesser man, I wager done zip to contain Cesares raw appeal and wow factor. The sheer awesomeness of chasing after Cesare smoothed out many cases of having to watch Don Ezio doing idiotic things. Carrying yelling Lucretia all over the Castlo Di Angelo instead of finishing her off and taking the key takes the cake  I guess it was so appealing to Ezio, he had to do it again with a naked guy by Coliseum  by all rights, if Assassins are a force of good, evil deserves to win, cause good is so dumb.Anyway, yes, yes, yes, they did it right to focus on Cesare and keep showing him throughout the game as Ezios nemesis. Loved that!I found controls in AC2B the most stubborn and sluggish, and was disappointed that the only solo thing I can do in the MP module is an intro mission. I thought everything is permitted extended as far as letting a fool to get into an MP mission on her own and die whenever. But, well, as barebones as Intro mission is, playing a girlassassin was fun!The modernday stuff was as bizarre and boring for me as ever despite the injection of parkour  but I know there are good folk out there who serioulsy love Mr.Dull and Miss Lucy, so yeah, the game had some of that too and the modern storyline ended up on a cliffhanger. 