Brotherhood picks up where 2 left off. You continue following Desmond and he continues reliving Ezios life. The game made a few improvements over 2, although not as big of a jump as it was from 1. The entire story takes place in Roma and only a few of the mechanics are changed. There are a few new weapons, a few new moves, a few new ways to get around buildings, and a few new vehicles. Before you can use shops, youre going to have to rennovate them yourself which cost money but increases the value of the city. I found the economy to be much more steady in this game than the previous game.One of the most satisfying parts of this game was destroying the Borgias towers. In every area, before you can rennovate shops and buy buildings, you have to eliminate the Borgias influence. To do this, you need to assassinate a leader near their tower and then set the tower on fire. What makes this so satisfying is because this is completely open. You dont have to start the side quest like you have to with others. You can just go there, sneak in, and kill the leader however you want. If you are discovered, some leaders will come fight you while others will hide in the tower forcing you to wait until the next dusk/dawn for them to return.Also, about halfway through the game maybe a little earlier you can begin recruiting people to the brotherhood. When you rescue a citizen, they start training to become assassins. You can send them on missions to increase their level and upgrade their weapons and armor or you can use them to fight for you. Sometimes its not worth getting your hands dirty so just lock onto your target, hit the appropriate key and your recruits will jump out of the shadows and assassinate for you. If you have enough recruits, you can also arrow storm which will eliminate a group of guards.The only thing I didnt like about this game was Uplay. Its not so much that I dont like signing up for Uplay or that I feel annoyed my game is forever attached to my Uplay account after all, thats basically the same as Steam. But what frustrated me was that Uplay would open every time I exited the game. If you are using Big Picture mode and a controller, this is problematic mainly because you cant close the window with a controller you need to grab your mouse. I got around this by setting up a Pinnacle Game Profile to run when Uplay runs so that through a few button presses, I can control the mouse and close the window. Despite this annoyance, I would recommend this to anyone who likes stealth/open world games only if theyve finished Assassins Creed 2.