The game is a decent Assassins Creed game, but it follows the exact same formula as all early games in the series. Climb a tower, take a leap of faith, find a target to assassinate, kill them, run away, repeat. All while buying a lot of shops to upgrade your gear and collecting the infamous feathers, if youre into that. Whether you like this game depends hugely on how much you enjoyed the previous one.Most of the game is set in Rome at the beginning of 16th century, although some story missions show places other than Rome itself. As usual in the series, the recreation of society and historical details and information about the places, events and people of the time are a large plus if youre into history.The story picks off exactly where Assassins Creed II ended and follows Ezio Auditore da Firenze and Desmond Miles in their quest to find the Apple of Eden. I know that Ezio is considered by many to be the best character in the series, but I personally never grew very attached to him or his adventures. Assassinss Creed Brotherhood did nothing to make me like any of its main characters more or less than before, maybe except Leanordo da Vinci, who is still great, but there is very little of him in this game. When it comes to the story and characters overall, I felt rather disappointed and the game failed to make me care for any of the people Ezio meets, or even for Ezio himself. It felt more like playing another hero in another action game rather than playing THAT hero in THIS game. The antagonists were not very interesting either, although it was nice to read about the real people that were represented in the game after playing it.The story ends at a horrible cliffhanger, so if you do want to follow the saga of Ezio and Desmond, prepare to buy Assassins Creed Revelations as well. To be fair, the conclusion of this chapter of Ezios life is there in the game, its just obvious that there will be more adventures to come.The gameplay is nearly identical to that of Assassins Creed II. You watch Ezio climbing while holding down one button, hide among pedestrians, tail your enemies, assassinate them, and sometimes fight guards who tend to encircle you and then patiently wait for their turn to fight, forming a fight club of sorts. The combat looks good, but is very easy. Usually you wait for a right moment to block and counterattack, and if timed correctly, you kill the enemy instantly AND the next enemy, and the next, and the next... Overall there is little challenge through the game at all. I found it a bit boring at times to be honest, although I did enjoy watching combat animations and solving occasional environmental puzzles. Building and expanding your assassins guild an addition in comparison to the previous game and buying shops often felt more like a chore and in my opinion, could be entirely thrown out of the game without making it any worse. Just timeconsuming elements that gave you a sense of progress in terms of money and available gear, but were just not fun to do. Kind of like real work... Id rather collect better gear by assassinating someone in a sidemission or exploring the map for example.There are a lot of weapons to use and choose from, as well as some customization options for the armor, which affects not only looks, but also health and the number of gadgets that you can take on a mission. It does give a sense of progress and makes for some variety in a game that otherwise feels rather repetitive.The voice acting is done well, although the forced Italian accent... well, it can be either cringeworthy or makes for some additional immersion, its up to you to decide. Anyway, the actors did their part well. The music on the other hand... I dont remember it. I had to relisten to the ost composed by Jesper Kyd just for this review, and found it hard to describe. Its just so... nonemotional. Technically correct, but there is nothing in it that enhances or destroys the feeling of the game. It just... is. That is a rather big minus, since a good soundtrack can make a difference between a generic scene and a memorable adventure. In Assassins Creeed Brotherhood it is just there, not disturbing nor intensifying the game and after playing you dont even remember any melodies.Wow, that was a lot of critique on my side, more than I thought I would write. Still, this is not a bad game its a tripleA title that offers around 20 hours of gametime, including parkour, fighting and assassinating people and solving some puzzles on a large map of renaissance Rome. In my opinion, it just simply fails to be anything more than that yet another openworld adventure game that doesnt stand out among its competition. And since there are a lot of games in this genre, its just hard to go easy on this one. I recommend Assassins Creed Brotherhood to those who sincerely enjoyed Assassins Creed II or those who want to play through all the major titles in the series. Others may skip it without missing much.Verdict 6/10 