This entry was  vast improvement over Assassins Creed 2 for me. Im not even sure if I can put my finger on why that is either. Perhaps less flag/feather gathering. Im a bit of a completionist so that drove me insane in AC2. Though admittedly I didnt gather everything in this entry either. For those without AC experience, there are flags and other items to collect scattered around the game. Some are in hard to reach places or locked areas that open up as you progress. For the most part I enjoyed the jumping puzzle and added challenge of figuring out how to get to them. Some may not...for some reason in AC2 I was at my wits end due to the size of the game and high number/variety of items. The feeling of missing something was constantly there and it became tedious trying to figure out what I may have overlooked.One of the bigger changes in Brotherhood in regard to missions, was that every single one had an added challenge in order for you to get 100 synchronization for a memory. At first, I found this extremely frustrating especially since I hadnt mastered some of the combat mechanics like kill streaks, though once I figured that out it, my game changed dramatically. But eventually I ended up finding that the missions were a lot more fun with the added challenge. Granted, there were times I was cursing how clumsy I was with the controls. This did eliminate some freedom in how you decided to complete a mission. That was my biggest lament over this feature...but for me, it wasnt a terrible thing.The acrobatics in this installment are as youd expect them. Perhaps it was my imagination, but it felt more responsive than the previous games and  traversing the rooftops felt more fluid than ever. As much as Id expect to get tired of it, just jumping from rooftop to rooftop, is a good time.Its no wonder flabby gamers everywhere love the AC series because it lets you become the ultimate acrobatic badass as you hang from a ledge by one hand flashing your 12 pack abs to the ladies below. Those courtesans may sleep with everyone else in the game, but lets face it, they all want you Ezio.I have to give props to the music in the game. The perfect track always started when you were jumping through ruins, fighting 20 guards or racing the clock. It always felt right.I liked the storyline this time around. I had to recap what happened in AC2 before I played Brotherhood. But Ill be starting Revelations knowing exactly what happened in Brotherhood. No shortage of intrigue and I have to give the writers credit, I love the whole premise of visiting a time period hundreds of years ago while progressing a sci fi story in the present/future. Its brilliant from a sequel standpoint, especially considering the fact that Im 3 games behind the current release with a new one on the way.I hope Revelations is as satisfying as Brotherhood. I know AC2 was a fan favorite, after reading reviews and comments about it. I can understand why some loved AC2 over AC1 due to AC1s repetitiveness but I didnt get much out of the crazy amount of side quests and collecting in AC2. I also felt like AC1 was stronger from a storytelling perspective with the ending being an exception perhaps. Ezio was very difficult to like at first too. Perhaps thats why Brotherhood won me over. It took all of AC2 and Brotherhood for me to warm up to him. 