This is definitely a worthy successor to Assassins Creed II. It plays very similar, but there are some excellent improvements visually and in regards to the gameplay.All the Assassins Creed games had one major positive aspect They look beautiful. You feel immersed and part of the environment and getting to a high point that allows you to overlook the entire city/area is truly a wow moment. As far as the gameplay is concerned, I particularly like the fact that you can actually call a horse and ride it within the confines of the city, and the new weapons you can use particularly the crossbow. Very cool, and foremost helpful if youre freerunning and have to quick eliminate guards.Later on you get additional help once the brotherhood forms, but I wont say all too much here, because that is something that should be experienced!The somewhat different economy system makes sense and works, as it provides you a fairly steady source of income right from the get go which definitely helps with upgrades and repairs. So far the missions are diversive, the envrionment feels lively and challenging and its definitely a good addition to the series. Basically have, so far, never really felt bored.As I said before, Rome certainly looks beautiful and in particular the recreation of the Colosseum is impressive. In general you have very recognizable landmarks. The entire area in which the game takes place is also huge, much bigger than youd think when you get started. It grows very subtle, and suddenly you think, hold on, how did I get here? It is true that certain areas being unavailable in a certain memory sequence is a little annoying at times, but I guess, since AC is a very story and narrative based franchise, despite the free roaming, it makes sense to move the story along.The world does evolve with you though. The only other game series that ever did this to a certain extend was GTA, but not with the same kind of subtlety and style Assassins Creed does it that is something that was there right from the start of th series, but it certainly evolved with each subsequent game.If you liked the Assassins Creed series up until this point, you will not be disappointed by Brotherhood.