If you are a fan of Assassins Creed II, you are going to absolutely love this gem! If you have not played Assassins Creed II, I highly recommend that you start there, as Brotherhood and Revelations are direct continuations of Ubisofts 2009 predecessor. While Brotherhood is a sequel of a sequel, it continues to bring multiple quality elements to the table. This game is, without a doubt, my personal favourite in the series. Like the original installment, Brotherhood is an atmospheric historical fiction actionadventure sandbox. One that you will not be disappointed in.Brotherhood follows Assassins Creed II nicely, and cleanly picks up where the last left off. Desmond flees the scene of the latest Templar attack, and follows his team to Monteriggioni their new hideout. Desperate to locate the Apple of Eden, in hopes of preventing a global disaster that had been predicted to happen later on in the year, Desmond rushes back into his genetic memory.For Ezio, it is 1499, and he still cannot explain what he had seen inside the vault. Unfortunately, he is not given much time to mull it over before the actions of the Templars push him back into action. He spends most of the game struggling to cripple the Borgia influence in the capital, and then begins the process of training other Assassins to aid him.Allow me to start off this section of the review by stating that Brotherhood is a huge game, offering more content than Assassins Creed II. There are a lot of places to explore, both above and below ground. While some players share the mindset that more isnt always better, I am a firm believer that the fans of the beloved assassin Ezio Auditore will have a blast checking out this game... Especially taking into consideration that there is a huge pool of returning characters, including Leonardo DaVinci and Machiavelli.There are a number of recognizable, yet staple mechanics worth mentioning, that have been recycled in Brotherhood The original if not improved freerunning system, eaglevision, hidden messages, looting, buying, and investing. Furthermore, Brotherhood keeps the modernized and improved quest system from its predecessor, which permits Ezio to hire courtesans, thieves or mercenaries.The combat aspects of Brotherhood are mostly recognizable from Assassins Creed II. You can still cycle through your weapons, and choose whether or not you want to execute a clumbsy public chase, or a stealthy and wellplanned kill. Combat aesthetics are gorgeous, and make just about any fight seem brutal and bloody. Like its predecessor, weapons and armor can be both obtained and repaired at blacksmith shops  Each offering their own selection of kill animations.However, there are also new aspects of combat. For instance, mounted combat is possible. While running through crowds and across rooftops is entirely possible, Brotherhood now offers the option of horseback riding through cities once the stables have been purchased, permitting the player to jump from a horse, and straight into an assassination.Leonardo DaVinci has a bigger role in this game, along with optional DLC. In fact, he offers standalone quests that require Ezio to go after his four war machines in order to lessen the Borgias military strength. While getting to each of Leonardos inventions might seem a bit repetitive at times, the objective following locating the machine is always exceptionally diverse. No two missions to destroy Leonardos inventions are the same.Finally, I  saved the best implementation for last. The Assassins Guild. Ezio is eventually able to recruit civilians, and train them up by sending them on their own quests, to become assassins. Once they have been obtained, they can be called upon to assist Ezio in combat so long as they are not deployed on a mission. While they are extremely powerful, I thought it was a lot of fun to recruit and train them, and I guarantee that you will likely feel the same.If I am not mistaken, the controls are entirely identical to the setup in Assassins Creed II. You still cannot rearrange your buttons, though I guarantee that playing with a gamepad will be much more friendly than playing with a mouse and keyboard.Like the previous establishments, Brotherhoods targeting remains a bit on the tricky side. You cant ever be 100 certain that you will hit your target, but it is something that can still be worked around. However, from time to time you might still end up changing your camera angle, and inadvertently kill a civilian or something, oops!Brotherhood offers beautiful graphics that focus heavily on its environment. Virtually every area has been polished to reflect the games atmosphere. Ive said it a million times before, and Ill say it again It is really hard to nitpick this aspect of the game, because the visuals are so finetuned.Having played II, Brotherhood, and Revelations  It is my firm opinion that Brotherhood offers the best of music and voice tracks. Ubisoft continues to uphold the tradition of combining dramatic scores of music to assassinations, making the experience more enjoyable for the player. Subtitles are still an option, and a huge help when it comes to fully understanding what is being said  I encourage you to use them for your own benefit. As always, the sounds only add to the atmosphere of the game, and in the case of Brotherhood It is extremely well done.In my own opinion, Brotherhood has the highest replay value in the entire series. It introduces so many miscellaneous objectives, that the game never truly feels boring. While replay value is entirely dependent on the player, I am confident enough to say that any fan of Assassins Creed will want to play this one again.