Man, that ending... You dont mess with assassins, but you definitely dont mess with Juno.Actual Review no spoilersAC B improves on a lot from AC2. Its really fun, has an engaging story with a few WTF moments, and the gameplay is MUCH better than AC2. The open world is GREAT. Worth the full price. Although I would start with AC2 because of the story.Havent played the DLC DaVincis Dissapearance yet, Im planning to. Looking forward to beginning AC Revelations and finishing AC Black Flag!EDIT Just finished the DLC DaVinci and before that, Revelations. The DLC was cool and had a fun addition of being able to run into people and not fall like the later AC games. Check out my review for Revelations hereNote I got this game for free, because I got it as a gift.Note 2 Some missions are annoying, but that is in all AC games and they dont really ruin the gameplay. If youre frustrated, just come back to the game in a couple of days and try that mission again with a fresh start! The game is worth finishing!Note 3 I wish people would start playing multiplayer again! Not this game in general, although it would be fun, but Assassins Creed Multiplayer in general. These games include AC B, AC Revelations, AC3, and AC Black Flag. Im not including AC Unity, because people seem to think that that is the main multiplayer game of AC, so the rest should be ignored. That is not the case! Seriously, multiplayer deserves some respect! Otherwise, Ubisoft wont make multiplayer in their next game  AC Empire set in Ancient Egypt!EDIT Recently finished Revelations and I gotta say...Brotherhood is the BEST game out of the Ezio trilogy! Sure AC2 was great, but Brotherhood improved on so much and had multiplayer! Even if AC2 had the best story, it is really the blend of story, gameplay, graphics, music, etc. that makes the final cut as the best game and Brotherhood is it! Just do be sure to play AC2 for the story and gameplay, because even though its an awesome game, you kind of wont want to go back to it after Brotherhood.Some people also complain that the ending which was...WAIT I THOUGHT I TOLD MYSELF TO NOT GIVE AWAY SPOILERS? aww, but the ending is so great!!! is a bit rushed. Id say it seems that way, but it is much better than the ending of the previous games. 