Honestly in my opinion so far one of the worst of the Assassins Creed games for perfectionists and myself here is Assassins Creed Brotherhood. Also probably gonna ignore multiplayer for this game and all other ACs so forgive me.WARNINGContains SpoilersSTORYAgain you assume the role of Desmond Miles as he,Lucy,Rebecca,and Shaun head to Ezios villa to escape Abstergo. You find the room where Ezio had attained Altairs armour and set up shop here but not without doing a little mission. After that you assume Ezio once again going into his final memorie where he fought the main antagonist of the game Cesare Borgia but Desmond is locked out of the memory. Just like AC1 he must go through the earlier memories before he can go back to the final one. This story honestly is one of the best, second to AC2 and better than Revelations its gone its own deaths, accomplishes, twists and turns. Again it wasnt as good as AC2s story but at least it was better than Revelations story.7.9/10GRAPHICS The graphics here are better than AC2, cleaner textures, better frames, ect. Its great for its age 2010 and still in my opinion hasnt dated yet.9/10GAMEPLAYOh boy here we go where do I even start.......the gameplay was okay? If I just spill it out this game made me ragequit it multiple times, not for the main missions but for the side missions. The tank mission was horrible, one hit and you were done you couldnt get hit once or your full sync would fail. The young at heart sucked too, and those side missions where you only had 6 minutes to complete the mission or no full sync. Also to clarify, full sync is supposed to represent how Ezio did completed his missions and side missions but honestely Ubisoft shouldnt have integrated this yet because there was extreme difficulty issues in some missions. Yeah it would be a breeze for normal fans, but full sync fans would learn that the levels did not suit for full sync, they had to find that out the hard way and it was a pain in the Sorry for the rant but the other gameplay elements are at least better than this, with you calling out Assassins and taking out your enemies like a boss you truly feel like a grandmaster assassin also mentioning finding items to get armor, fast poison ect was stupid on Ubisofts part too.6.5/10CONCLUSION ACB was honestly one of the most frustrating games Ive ever played. There was too difficult side missions, finding ridiculus items to get other items, and full sync. But it balances this by putting in a good story, calling assassins and new gear and weapons but I still cant forgive its frustratingness and hopefully I wont play this game again.BUY RANK12 Putting this in because the game is like 20 bucks 