Apparently Ive played AC II Brotherhood way longer then AC II, which already speaks for itself.This game is awesome by all means, and has few improvements and new stuff not witnessed in earlier games of the seriesPros Storyline. Still captivating, interesting, with lots of likable and not likable characters. If AC I was repetitive and AC II not so much, AC II Brotherhood is a mixture of the two, but in a positive way. If you like grinding like I do, especially in beautiful Roman surroundings, there is a lot of it  A LOT. And somehow it didnt bore me. On a contrary additional quests were interesting, many of them different, only some of them felt lazy. Flags are back, and of course feathers and treasure chests. Game gives you option to either buy maps which point to all the hidden stuff, but you dont have to buy them. You can grind them by yourself. Options are always a good thing. Environment, architecture, Rome, graphics, music sometimes you just want to ride around Colosseum with no purpose other then admire stuff around you and in distant perspective. Eagle vision is still useful! Leonardos war machines quest line was one hell of a ride. You will be able to rebuild assassins brotherhood, recruit your own people, train them and use their help should you choose so. This is a blast. One completely new instalment and it is awesome.Cons So many weapons, and majority of it still serves only as collection trophies. I remember that throwing knives were useful in AC I. Somehow they are not useful here as they werent in AC II. Combat is as it was. I think I got used to it, but it has not been improved. Oh, wait, you can kick people now to break their guard. Freakin camera angle almost made me pull my hair out during few missions. There is this new stuff I dont recall from before full synch. To fully synchronize you are required to finish the memory in given way. Sometimes it will demand from you to take no damage really? Wheres fun in taking no damage?, sometimes it requires you to complete memory in few minutes forcing you to get back to the location for full discovery which can take three times that long. The only synch requirements I liked were the ones that enforced stealth play aka. not being detected. But I guess its a matter of taste. I dont remember any outstanding bug. Oh, but its a cons section. I guess I expected them as a fun part of the game. Ubisoft is bending perspectives OverallI love this game. Brotherhood is also the first AC  game where you can play online. I have yet to try it, though Im not very eager at the moment. Heading to part 3 of Ezio trilogy.