Assassins Creed Brotherhood is a bumpy horseback ride through the beautiful wilds of Roma.Featuring a dual narrative, Brotherhood follows the story of Ezio Auditore in 16th century Rome.  Ezio is a veteran Assassin, a secretive order of highly trained killers who have taken up the mantle of safeguarding the free will of humanity.  They oppose the Templars, another secretive faction who dig their claws deep into the religious and governmental institutions of society trying to impose order on what they view to be lost people prone to pain and suffering.  Yet graver threats loom on the horizon as well.  A recording from Minerva, a godlike woman resembling the stories of old, claims that she and her people ruled over humanity in an age so ancient that even time has forgotten them.  She warns that in that era, the sun erupted and decimated almost all life on the planet humans and her own kind alike, and that it would happen again.  She eerily conveys this warning not to 16th century Ezio, but to Desmond Miles through Ezio a 21st century Assassin reliving his ancestor Ezios memories with the help of a machine known as an Animus.  Desmond is searching through Ezios time in Rome during his conflict with the Borgia family for control of the city.  At some point, Ezio acquired and then hid an Apple of Eden, a piece of technology from Minveras time, and Desmond needs it to ward off the coming eruption.Pitted against the brutal but cunning Cesare Borgia and his grip on Rome, Ezio must bring together his fellow Assassins and recruit new members to grow his operation.  The narrative starts off incredibly strong, but becomes heavily unfocused for the greater middle of it as Ezio runs what are essentially errands to earn the favor of his companions.  Several aggravating runins with what should have ended with Cesares assassination but dont only worsen these problems, and the ending on Ezios side of things wraps up in a shotgun blast of fast fowards and confusion.  Desmonds ending, on the other hand, feels very deserved and was a genuinely magical moment even if it slapped me with a cliffhanger.Dont touch the corrupted Da Vinci memory until after completing Sequence 07.  Its completely out of order with the the rest of the story and spoils it.Brotherhood is a third person action adventure with a unqiue freerunning mechanic that allows Ezio and Desmond to scale walls, leap rooftops, dive into haystacks, and more.  Combat with swords, hammers, and other weapons is sometimes clumsy and far, far too easy.  Succesfully executing or counterkilling an opponent allows Ezio to move from target to target and instantly kill each, one at time.  Enemies can attack in an attempt to interrupt this chain, but only ever do so one at a time and can themselves be folded into the chain by countering.  Underneath all of the stabbing and climbing is a pseudomanagement game.  Rome has been left in disrepair by the Borgias neglect and excess.  Ezio can use money he collects to renovate shops, faction buildings, transportation, and even cultural landmarks.  These renovations each feed small amounts of coin into his bank account every so often.  The more you repair the more interest you earn on top of other benefits.  The open world of Roma is massive, spanning all the way from the papal residence of the Vatican to the rolling Roman countryside with the Tiber river and central city in between.  Flashbacks and special missions also take you outside of Rome to Florence, Venice, and more.  A horse can be summoned anywhere at any time for faster transport, and renovated sewer tunnels can be used for instant travel.  Players also manage the Brotherhood by recruiting candidates and sending them on missions across the Mediterranean to bring back money and other items as they learn the ropes along the way.  This management doesnt add up to much more than a bit of a distraction, and while being able to call on your Assassins to wipe out the enemies around you in a fight is very cool it only makes the easy combat even easier.  Hundreds of collectible flags, treasure chests, and feathers dot the landscape and offer their own rewards.  Your willingness to track them down will depend on your tolerance for video games turning into busy work.Roma is absolutely gorgeous to behold.  The city extends off into the horizon with standout structures like the legendary Collosseum tower above the bustling streets.  Rocky cliffs and ancient ruins dot the lush fields in the surrounding.  16th century Italian artwork and architecture blends with original Roman design to make for a unique setting.  The music ranges from excellent tracks Ill be taking with me on the go to more oppressive but perfectly fitting ambient synths, strings, and vocals to set the mood.  Main character design is in top form and although polygons often stand out, textures are relatively distinct and readable.  The actors deserve credit as well.  Cesare Borgia in particular is brought to life with extreme aggresion, conceit, and dominance.  Popin and LOD swap outs can often be an issue, but have been cleverly masked by either the simple rolling hills in the distance or the thick crowds blocking your view.  Youll certainly notice it, but often times itll slip right past you as well.  Over all, the game is very well constructed.