Assassins Creed Brotherhood is a direct continuation of Assassins Creed II, in pretty much every sense. The story picks up exactly where the last one left off both in the past and the present, and the game mechanics are more or less identical. In some ways, the need for this game to exist seems a bit unnecessary i.e. it feels more like the result of a corporate mandate to make an annual franchise than a creative decision. That said, its forgivable if only for the fact that its just as good as its predecessor, if not better. Part of what feels forced is the contrived story revolving around Ezio losing his Apple of Eden and having to retrieve it. But there you go... it is what it is  basically, a flimsy excuse to move to a new setting and do more cool things with a wellloved character.The game takes place in the early 1500s, almost entirely in Rome. While that may sound like a reduced scope in setting from the prior games, its actually not. Rome is huge. Like, really huge. There are also a few other places that you get to explore in some of the main story missions as well, so there is plenty of variety in the environments. As usual, its a lot of fun just to explore the city and discover its secrets. Brotherhood also greatly expands the role of horses you can ride them pretty much anywhere, and there are some fun combat mechanics added as well. The missions in the game are similar to those from AC2, so nothing major has changed on that front. The other primary mechanics introduced in AC2 notoriety, blending, etc all return here as well and are also just as good.The main addition this game brings to the series is the titular Brotherhood. Ezio can now recruit citizens to the Assassin Brotherhood. As you progress through the game, more recruit slots are unlocked. Once recruited, you can call your Assassins to assist in combat or send them on missions in a sort of optional subgame. Doing either of these things awards XP to the recruits and eventually they level up and become more powerful. Though hardly revelatory by any means, its a fun new aspect to the game and is a welcome addition.While Assassins Creed Brotherhood doesnt really do anything groundbreaking or expand on the established formula in any major way, it is still worth playing if you enjoyed AC2. While it is essentially more of the same, at least its a good more of the same.Grade ANote I dont recommend playing any of the Assassins Creed games unless you have an Xbox360 controller or equivalentfeatured gamepad. The AC games have complicated control schemes and were clearly designed with controllers in mind, so proceed with mouse/keyboard at your own risk.