I wanted to do all AC games before reviewing any, Ive skipped the whole series and always felt that, given how long has it gone for, it deserved to be played, even though the premise never looked all that promising to me. Ive reached this game and had enough, this games dont really deserve all the hype they been getting all these years.Ive probably gonna keep going just to see it through, to analyze the whole series like a piece of gaming history that at least deserves that, to understand how is it that the AAA gaming industry has today reached so low standards. But if youre wondering should I buy this game or any of its series?DONT! ASSASSINS CREED IS CRAPControls suck. Immersion is totally destroyed by this. Parkour puzzles are simple and straightforward, no challenge at all if it wasnt by the character randomly not responding as expected. Freerunning should be the main way of travelling in game, but it rapidly becomes frustating enough to just choose to just walk or run like a normal person.The combat system is too stupid, every enemy has a specific tecnique theyre weak to, theres no skill involved, no finesse, no acrobatics, no use of the enviroment, enemies dont adapt to your tactics and it all becomes boring too fast.Stealth mechanics are the same, just a repetition of the same set of simple challenges over and over.The story is very poor, characters are flat and their voice acting is just plain stereotyped and racist. Theres no real story progression up till the very end of the game, because theres no real story to tell, just a bunch of nonsense conspiracy theory that you would find in a creepypasta.AC Brotherhood finale was particularly broken. A writer doesnt do what theyve done without properly building the characters and their relationship first, and then such a finale makes sense.And all those colectibles, challenges and side missions are pointless, pointless as in theres no actual value in them, no reason to do them, they are not fun, they dont really add nothing to the storytelling, just more useless grind.And seriously... I cant skip the credits??!! I dont care anymore... ALT  F4 and uninstall. 