 awesome and long story good mix between historical settings and Animus UI huge map of Rome 4 districts LOTS of sidequests main assassination missions Cristina side story extra content in The Da Vinci Disappearance DLC smooth combat with cool combos big weapon selection uPlay really funky camera in some places some annoying 100 requirements for missions occassional graphical glitches a couple of rare AI glitches another cliffhanger endingWe continue our adventure with Ezio. While AC2 felt like a huge step from AC1, in this case the changes are not that big. Ubisoft left the basics from what made AC2 great and added a whole bunch of extra stuff. This time it is just one city  Rome, that is divided into 4 districts. Still present is a really good storyline where Ezio is already established but builds up his brotherhood of assassins. The game is still fun and has lots of side missions to keep you occupied for hours. However, some types become a bit repetitive and the 100 requirements for many missions are just plain annoying. But I guess this is to counteract the fact that once you have you assassins that you can call upon the game goes into easy mode. So the only real challenge comes from the artificial requirements of the 100 completion system. The combat is the same as in AC2. Main assassinations are again great and fun, each playing out a bit differently to mix things up a bit. This time we see more of the Desmond timeline of which I am a fan. Some flaws are funky camera placement in some cases and sometimes weird AI. I would complain about uPlay but you all know what playing Ubisoft games is like. You simply need a uPlay account. Otherwise the game itself is awesome and while slightly worse than AC2 it still is worth your money. Recommended!There are some DLCs available for this game that are not part of the standard installation or the Deluxe Edition.The Da Vinci Disappearance missions, Altairs Robes skin, Florentine Noble Attire skin, Armor of Altair skin, Gun Capacity Upgrade upgrade, Unlock the Hellequin in multiplayer character.is the Copernicus Conspiracy missions, but it is possible to get it through modding, see.