Beat the game in about 17 hours.It solidly improves upon Assassins Creed II in many ways. The writing and facial animation seems just a little bit more believable and better overall, the sandbox gameplay is enhanced with the addition of new mechanics like upgrading shops and managing assassins, and the mission design manages to be less frustrating and, in general, less bugridden than AC2. Also, the combat feels a lot more fun and interesting than AC2  theyve added mechanics so you can effectively deal with all enemy types without resorting to just hitting them over and over again which I felt was all I could do in the previous game  if there were other techniques I was having a hard time figuring them out, and added an instakill mechanic that keeps things moving along more quickly. This is a big thing for this game  in my opinion, the combat was one of the things that made me really not like AC2. The actual story and characters involved in the story feel more fleshed out due to the better voice acting, direction, animation, and writing. Finally, the length feels a bit better, or, even if the expected cleartime was around the same, felt more justified. AC2 felt like it dragged on without adding anything interesting.Theres still some stuff that mightve been better. The variety in voice clips from enemies and civilians seems pretty much unchanged from AC2. It gets somewhat immersion breaking hearing the same voices from all of the same enemies, as if youre always just fighting an army of clones. The parkour/traversal sections feel like a bit of a slow, boring slog, because theres really not much to do other than slowly climb your way through the only route forward, and if you mess up, redo the slow climbing. Being able to move faster through those sections would have been nice, as well as maybe adding some variety or challenge so it doesnt just feel like youre going through the motions. I just wanted those sections like the optional temples of Romulus to be over. The levels and the way you move through them are interesting and clearly a lot of thought and attention to detail went into them, but they just manage to be kind of boring. The only time they end up being challenging is when Ezio ends up not doing what you thought he was going to do or what you wanted him to do, and you have to redo a boring climbing section.Overall, a fun sandbox / open world action game. I would say its not quite as fun as other games in the genre due to the aforementioned problems, but it still manages to be enjoyable for most of the game.