Here ends my personal journey with Assassins Creed, having completed the trilogy and now Brotherhood.  And what a beast of a game, a series.  Was it worth my time, you ask?  Lets start at the beginning.Space expanded rapidly.  Particles gathered into hydrogen atoms, stars and planets were formed, and Assassins Creed was made.  I played that game and loved it.  It was impressive technically and visually, on a level that only millions of dollars could produce, and perhaps more astonishing was the total commitment to their freerunning system.  Ubisoft promised players could freely climb and scale virtually any solid object in the game, and I say they knocked it outofthepark on their first go.  Not everyone agrees with me.  A lot of folks complained that it was too repetitive a peeve of mine, but thats another tale.Cue the sequels and Im utterly baffled.  You see, freerunning is the CORE of Assassins Creed, its bread and butter, its heart and soul.  Almost everything you do somehow involves climbing on things.  Taking the original game as a successful prototype, with the primary complaint being that people want more of it, the natural path is to focus on the one thing that defines the game and use it to springboard to something more.  But every game in the series has taken bizarre 90degree turns that dont add up to anything.  ConsiderTheres a rad freerunning system and now you can construct a brothel in your villa!Theres a rad freerunning system and now theres a simulated economy!Theres a rad freerunning system and now you can play bocce ball with George Washington!...And the games are praised to high heavens.  Is this what people really want?  Its a crying shame that the core gameplay remains constant while getting buried under a mountain of crap.  Are layered mechanics not more interesting than disconnected ones?  Meanwhile, almost every activity can be reduced to go to the waypoint marker and/or beat up some guys.  The problem is the freerunning, and to some extent the combat, really carries the game.  Your fun is absolutely dependent on whether these two things are compelling enough on their own.And therein lies the crux of why I think the Assassins Creed series as a whole, stinks, because they can boiled down to nothing.  Go here involves holding two buttons and pointing the stick toward the waypoint.  Beating up guys involves repeatedly pressing attack and occasionally pressing block as an enemy strikes.  Following this strategy will get you through most of the game.  Perhaps one could say the game is just too easy.  I used the stock hidden blades throughout the whole game, and never felt the need to purchase any weapons, upgrades, or gadgets except for DaVincis climbing gloves, bless his heart.Occassionally you will sense that Assassins Creed wants to be a stealth game, and I think it could be an outstanding one, except it bungles this as well.  The game falls into the very unforgiving trap of instant failure if you are detected at all, even if you stab a guy through the throat as he glimpses you upon his dying breath.  More perplexing design decisions abound.  Dont get caught freerunning or the Roman Rooftop Gestapo will get you!  Why punish players for climbing and exploring?Of course the story context is a monster in itself.  Apparently Ubisoft was so wowed by their own material that they felt it acceptable to ram the story down players throats.  The sheer quantity and length of cutscenes is unreal.  Now I aint no literary scholar, but I think the writing throughout the Assassins Creed series is abysmal.  You spend so much time watching onedimensional characters standing around yakking endlessly about some garbage you dont care about.  Every other line of dialogue is contrived to get you to go and kill, and there just isnt a story being told, which wouldnt be a problem if it didnt constantly interrupt the game.  You can hardly pick your nose without it bookended by boring cinematics.The main conflict feels equally contrived.  Antagonists are either ridiculously villanous or guilty by association.  Of course you hardly ever see any of the alleged wrongdoing  youre just told that person X is corrupt for vague reasons and they have an unfriendly disposition when you meet them in person.  I also cant get past the grand irony of the evil Templars condemned by the rightous Assassins.  They fight back by murdering hundreds of people.  Other moments of brilliance are wasted.  Fallen foes, in their dying moments, try to get you to understand their motivation, their ideology.  But Ezio doesnt care.  He doesnt reflect upon or question his choices.  Theres no personal growth the story takes no risks.  Its just... flat.  The overarching scifi plot is actually quite interesting but so sparse that it hardly matters.I probably ought to explain my beef with cutscenes.  They never sit right with me, but they are the most obvious way to tell a story.  The nature of authorship is such that it conflicts with input from the audience.  The more input, the less control the author has.  Thus, taking control away from players is the most direct approach.  Im fine with this, but I begin to take issue when cutscenes are used as a crutch for sloppy game design.Theres a depressing trend among modern games to take the mechanics and tease out narrow, compartmentalized segments of gameplay, which are then shuffled throughout the experience.  The result is a game which is ultimately simpler, more predictable, and presumably easier to develop.  The first example that comes to mind is the Tomb Raider reboot, and the game suffers for it.  You are either climbing things or shooting things, but never both.  However, Tomb Raider is somewhat forgiven because it smoothly transitions between gameplay segments with smart level design, pacing, context, etc.  Assassins Creed, on the other hand, glues together disjointed segments of gameplay with cutscenes, jerking you all over the place.  Cutscene  CHASE  cutscene  KILL  cutscene  FOLLOW  cutscene  KILL... I hate this.  Its like Warioware without the creativity or fun.  This is how you can tell a games design is oversimplified.If youve never played an Assassins Creed game, it may be too late for you.  There was a day when the freerunning was cuttingedge and the scifi story was a surprise.  My advice is to play the original because its the most pure experience and the medival setting really fits.  Otherwise, ask yourself can the freerunning carry my enjoyment for another 1020 hours?.  Gamers will always mentally strip away a games fluff and reduce its moving parts to an abstract model, and at this point Assassins Creed immediately goes stale.  It just doesnt have enough complexity to last beyond the initial novelty.  Sure, the game is punctuated by interesting moments in its enormous story, but these moments are mere hydrogen atoms in the vastness of space.