Desmonds journey continues as he further relives life of his ancestor an assassin Ezio Auditore da Firenze. The story pick up right where 2nd game ended and Ezio now must find a way to stop the opposing force once again. Ezio is driven away from his home Monteriggioni vila, and travels to the Rome to stop the Templars. When he infiltrates Rome he quickly finds himself in difficult possition as the assassin brotherhood is weakened and the usual suspects refuse to help him. Ezio regains influence for assassins, rebuilds weakened assassin brotherhood and becomes the Grand Master of the brotherhood. Your quest might seem simple, to regain stolen Edens Apple from vicious templar Cesare Borgia, but its never that easy, especially when your enemy is a templar. You get to see city of Rome, lots of memorable locations, and immerse yourself in another incredible chapter of Ezios life.The gameplay doesnt seem like it was improved whole lot, like transition from first game to second, however youre given few new tools to dispose of your enemies. You now have crossbow so you can assassinate your targets 2 rooftops away quickly and silently. What I really wanted since 2nd game was carry an axe for fights, even though its not elegant weapon for an assassin. The biggest improvement in this installment was the intern system. The internassassins can do your assassinations for you, that gives them experience and eventually they graduate from assassin school and become real assassins. The gameplay didnt change much from 2nd game but its not a bad thing considering it did pretty good job improving rough angles. The one thing thats worth mentioning is execution system, where you can go on endless kill streak after successful counter attack. This thing was so fun I couldnt stop doing it till the very end of the game. Overally gameplay is smoother version of the 2nd installment which works really well.What I really disliked about the game was 3rd party DRM system called Uplay. There was no warning that I have to install a program besides steam in order to enjoy game I already purchased. That being said I cant see any other downsides to this game besides Uplay. If you wonder whenever you should get this game the answer would be strong yes. 