Brotherhood gave birth to Assassinss Creeds biggest weakness The boring tailing mission. Do you remember the tailing missions in Assassins Creed 2 when you followed the Spaniard and his coconspirators in Venice or Jacopo in Tuscany? Those were great examples of tailing missions done right. You had to follow the target without being seen while overcoming obstacles on the way, be it tall buildings or guards blocking the road and the game gave you the tools to overcome these obstacles the way you saw fit. Courtesans, mercenaries, throwing knifes, ect. And plot was happening! Important information was given to you as you eavesdropped on your targets that was relevant to the main story. They were interesting to play. In this game that all changed in the name of padding. You follow your excruciatingly slow and mute target through open ground, completely unopposed until youre so bored out of your mind you just want to end it all. And not only the main missions but several side missions are also like this. The missions that are supposed to provide a distraction and variety from the main story consists of boring filler.This game has a lot of filler missions like that along with reused assets from Assassins Creed 2 since Ubisoft decided to make a new installment in the series every year at this point. The game and the series itself has suffered from this in my opinion, in more ways than one. From the story feeling like its butter scraped over too much bread to sloppy polish. A lot of graphical glitches happen during combat such as NPCs fighting each other through walls, Ezio doing execution animations in mid air and when you do leaping hidden blade assassinations a lot of the time he stabs the air next to the targets head, something that never happened in the first and second game. Its obvious to me that they worked on making new animations to make the game feel fresh but didnt have the time to polish it enough to make it look good or even work properly.Another annoying aspect is that some times being discovered causes desynchronization. Thats ok in itself but it also counts if a guard spots you milliseconds before you kill them. This led to a lot of unnecessary frustration that shouldnt be there in this type of game, especially in the da Vinci missions where if it happened you were forced to restart the checkpoint. This happens in the main story missions as well, even if you kill the target, if he notices you just for a millisecond it counts as being spotted and youre sent back to the nearest checkpoint. This is unnecessary and frustrating. You have a horse to travel around faster than running but its plagued with annoying little quirks like when you call him he goes to where you called him from, not to where you were which some times results in you having to chase him around since he runs away from you some times if you dont immediately jump on. The game also doesnt consider walls or hills when you call the horse so some times when youre next to an unclimbable hill and call him hell appear on top of the hill where you cant get to him or behind the building next to you. Its yet another small annoyance that wouldnt have been there had they had more time to work on it.The game also has an annoying habit of thinking it knows better where to put the camera than I do which is a real annoyance, especially during chase sequences. Its supposed to help you see where to go but all it truly does is break the flow of the chase and more often than not cause me to jump the wrong way. Games shouldnt do this unless its a vital part of the gameplay and its a classic case of handholding gone wrong. I truly hate things like this because if I want to place the camera somewhere I have good reason for it.My favorite feature in Brotherhood is without a doubt the assassin recruitment system where you save civilians and they join your assassin order. You get to send them out on missions to gain rank and you can call them to help you when youre in combat. As of writing this review I cant think of a better implemented mini game in any of the other Assassins Creed games than this one. The pointless trading mini game from the third one comes to mind here. In this one the mini game has an actual purpose, to train your assassins to become stronger so theyll be better at helping you in the field. I think this is the strongest asset this game has and for that and that alone I love and cherish it.