Whasmattayou, Altiar?The second game in the Ezio Trilogy, The Auditore in question just finished his life long 20 year goal to get in a slap fight with the pope. Everythings cool yeah? No conflict? Ezio can move on with his life? THINK AGAIN. A raid on the Auditore Villa from an incest spoiled backstabbing murdering brat of a bad guy and the death of his Uncle Mario leads Ezio and the assassins to Rome. The place he just came back from. With everything lost, Ezio must build the assassins up like no one else, save Masyaf, has done in years.This game was hard to tell if it is worthy to get and play. On the one hand, the new multiplayer mode is very weak. Id like to meet the person who thought a stealth action single player needed a team deathmatch multiplayer... and thought it was a good idea because they kept doing it. The story was nice, the bad guy was compelling in the sense he would not stop ing and I wanted to stab him in the neck. That was the point, right? ACII left a major question as to whats worse then templars and doesnt seem to stop with that. Finally, Desmond suffers a mild break down after being controlled by the apple to kill off one of the crew. WHO WILL IT BE? It seems to be ubisoft hell bent goal to ground the AC series as a present day action and certianly not the lives of Ezios Ancestors. Because starting out a game where its in the past and you know history as a little bit differently is very restricting in the drama department. I mean, its not like you can nuke greece and say Well, it wasnt in the history books, but our games should get great ratings now.The bad taste to this game is Multiplayer and Optional objectives. In order for 100 sync, you no long have to collected treasure, feathers, and flags. Oh wait, no, you do. But you also have to finish each memory, except for a few, with optional objectives. Ezios a badand took no damage in this fight. You should too was probably the most annoying one. Actually, no, the Finish this wolf pack temple in 8 minutes or less was probably more annoying. Even if you knew the layout, it was rare that thiswas possible. It doesnt stop you from finishing the game but does not make it fun to know the game is saying Your way is nice but you could have done better.Muiltiplayer. Seriously, who looks at stealth action and says This needs more people playing together! Lett make everyone feel like ninjas. It gets worse as the series continues, as theyve added Multiplayer actions in rewards to Ubisofts Uplay DRM I mean Steam Client I mean Play and Win system that certianly has not been added to a majority of new games for the securROM feature that you can use to buy games, rewards, and snacks from. This game has no uplay action and everything can be completed within single player itself, but Revalation, III, and Black Flag does and Im going to  uncontrollable about that when the time comes to review them. In the mean time...Would I recommend getting this game? ACII tied it off nice and neat. If youve got to find a reason to kill more things with your hidden blade, O.P. hidden gun, or poison dart, I suppose you can get this game. Just dont say no one warned you about the multiplayer.P.S. Oh, I almost forgot. Prerendered trailer at the start of the first assassins creed? It took them three games but they finally added the crossbow. Too bad its a waste on  guards who wonder why their drinking buddy to their left seemed to mysteriously drop for no reason. Maybe its that giant arrow sticking out of their eye socket? Im no doctor, but thatd be my guess.