 The recruits system is a new, fun mechanic to help breathe some life into gameplay. The Borgia family controlling Rome is a bad guy you can see the effects of. Gaining control over the city actually feels like something that matters, as opposed to this vague assassins vs templars thing that has lasted for three straight games and still never gets anywhere. Made horses more important and can now ride inside city. Can assassinate while jumping from a horse for example. Rome is huge and there are plenty of things to see and do. Some side missions take you to other areas of Italy for a nice change of pace once and a while. Trying to execute certain moves is messy sometimes. For example, trying to do an assassination mid air will sometimes just cause you to open your parachute and screw everything up. Or from a horse you may just end up falling on them without a kill. I think it boils down to too many moves and not enough buttons for them all. Stuff like this is rare but it happens enough that it will cause you to fail a mission more than once. Constant prompts reminding you how to execute certain moves/jumps and tell you what to do next. This was borderline too handholdy in ACII, but in Brotherhood it goes far beyond that line. The modern day story is still shallow, confusing, and poorly written. The events in the last hour or so of the game. It doesnt even feel fair to use the whole to say it was rushed would be an understatement cliche, because wow. Exclusive DLC STILL only availible on PS3 after 4 years. Go  yourself, Ubisoft.Other thoughtsI do like the recuit system but it would be nice to have more interaction with them. Ezio is rebuilding the brotherhood, and is training and fighting alongside these recruits for years. Itd be nice to see some sort of bond or something forming between them. They end up feeling like just another button to press.Having treasure maps that help find some of the scattered collectibles is nice. Normally I wouldnt bother with them, but if Im in an area and notice one is nearby, Ill feel more impelled to look for it. Although, from what I noticed, they are still meaningless. I collected 10 feathers, which are important enough to have their own drop off point and are important to the family which is brought up in ACII, and when I got them all? Nothing.It sounds like a contradiction how can a game have so much stuff to do, but end up feeling so repetitive? Not repetitive in the AC1 way that was literally the same 4 tasks over and over. The missions in ACII and Brotherhood do feel varied, but after a couple hundred or so missions of sneaking and/or stabbing, you start getting the thousand yard stare. You always have plenty to do but it wears thin. Im sure the new direction Black Flag took helped freshen things up, but thats two whole games from now. Woof.All in all ACBrotherhood was an enjoyable game and I think its easy enough to recommend for anyone to play. I just think Ill be taking a nice long break before even considering playing ACRevelations. 