When compared to AC2, Sisterhood to a large extent is more of the same, although it brings back some elements from AC1 flags, begging women, citizens tackling enemies, occasional trips out of animus to read other peoples emails and adds new things, too most importantly, youre getting to be head of assassins guild in single player campaing and yes, theres multiplayer added.Instead of segmentation into many smaller cities though, the majority of the action is on one huge map Rome with heaps of side missions to chose from at any single moment so it has more sandboxy feeling.I actually liked this more than AC2. Mostly due to this game having more actual game in it. Gamification is above all present in the missions that sport an additional requirement for 100ing it. Sometimes it gives real challenge like time trial, sometimes it actually limits your choices to specific weapons or angles of approach but sort of works to keep things varied. And the whole sandboxy aspect is also what I liked.Cause yeah lack of challenge, mostly in the fights guards actually hit harder now and theres more of them, but conversely you get more efficient ways of killing them so its still too easy, and feel of an interactive movie instead or something, is a beef I have with the series. I guess I embraced it though by now and even started to somewhat enjoy those overpowered fights. Still missing focus on stealth, but I dont mind it either anymore I adjusted my expectations, eh? D some missions ask you to remain undetected but stealth never seems to be the focus, really, you just charge head on or literally flick your fingers to kill every enemy on screenYou still gotta love the parkour, rooftop jumping aspect, raiding tombs is fun too, theres a dash of puzzling involved tho not much, and story continuing present day and Ezios day affairs still enjoyable, even though it doesnt really touch me deep on an emotional level.About the story... The side missions dont directly connect to the main arc of retrieving the magic apple, they have more to do with Ezio going all Im gonna pull the whole thing down. Im gonna bring the whole fn diseased, corrupt temple down on your head on the Borgias or, rather, living in denial that he fudged up royally and instead explaining to everyone that you gotta have more systemic approach rather than playing the cuttingdownhydrasheads game. Hence all the Rome rebuilding, winning minds of various factions and citizens etc.So the main story may feel somewhat diluted and I guess people mostly enjoying the story aspect may be bit underwhelmed. Like I said, I personally didnt mind and actually like the game more even though it seems actually less focused on whole assassins creed ordeal.Oh, and Desmond Miles in present day finally gets some of focus and action, after all ac2 was supposed to prepare him for some parkouring in the present day so yeah, he gets some 3