Assassins Creed Brotherhood ACB continues the Ezio Auditore saga initiated in Assassins Creed 2 AC2. The general atmosphere, playstyle, and combat is very similar to its predecessor but several improvements have been made.  The keyboard and mouse controls are clearer to use if you need to press Shift for a certain action the ingame text tells you to hit Shift instead of a symbol or a controller button.  There is now fast travel available and you can call a horse at nearly any time to improve movement speed.  The game is, for the most part, limited to one city, so these waypoints are greatly appreciated.ACB also introduces several new systems that could be considered metagames.  First, is rebuilding Rome.  Instead of having all of the shops immediately available, you need to invest in openning shuttered stores.  These investments do pay  you back via a bank.  Its a little  tiresome, but indicates progression.  There is also the management of your fellow assassins.  You can send them out on missions to train and return with money/items.  The items system is not well developed.  The assassins can be called out to assist you during the game, as well.  It adds new approaches to completing missions.There are now also optional objectives during most memories.  Some are entertaining and encourage alternate playstyles kill X by throwing him into a destructible object.  Others can be tiresome or repetitive finish memory in X minutes, do not take damage, etc..  I felt they reduced the immersion playing a memory repeatedly to accomplish the secondary objective.Vehicle combat is pretty terrible, as it was in AC2.  Controls are awkward and hit boxes seem amiss.  I experienced one todesktop crash over the course of 26 hours of playtime.  I skipped some of the secondary objectives and did not attempt to complete the collecible portions of the game.Overall, its a reasonable improvement over AC2.  Some people will like the additions that ACB brings, but the game does not force you to use them.  Definitely recommend on sale.