is only the third game in the Assassins Creed series Ive yet played I keep to the order in which the games were initially released. Ubisoft got this game, the second one featuring Ezio Auditore as the protagonist, out in March 2011, three and a halve years ago. Having played it relatively soon after the original, I feel it natural to compare the two games to each other. This makes even more sense since the story of AC II really coninues in not only do the same characters appear in both games, chronologically too they follow nicely upon each other.Brotherhood starts off splendidly, with a recapture of the final sequences of AC II which flows naturally into the new twists which the wellknown story of the struggle between Assassins and Templars about worldchanging artefacts takes. After the initial short part of the game that functions as a tutorial, I was taken straight into the city where almost all of the action takes place Rome. The fact that there is only one major city here, compared to the two Firenze and Venice and the countryside of the original game, makes for a huge difference. Rome of around 1500 comes to live inin the most fantastic imaginable way. First of all, the map is HUGE there are 12 districts including the Vatican and some outer areas which have a rural sense about them, and running from one side of the city to the other would cost you at least tenfifteen minutes happily, horses are allowed in the city and there is a wellthoughtoff fasttravel system. Secondly, the development team has obviously taken the utmost care in analyzing how Rome anno 1500 looked like  and thats really quite different from modernday Rome. During the first ten !! hours or so ingame, I mostly just walked around, discovering the city, marvelling at all the details in the buildings and eagerly reading the information provided for almost every single church, Roman building or other landmark. During my entire playthrough, I felt like being a tourist catapulted 500 years back to a place I love so much. Thats quite some accomplishment, and I would even go so far as to call Rome the main character of the game, not Ezio.Thats not only because of the painstaking detail with which the Cit Eterna is being depicted, but its also due to some problems with the concept of the game. Not only is the world almost entirely accessible from the start of the game, the number of sidemissions is daunting, certainly compared to the mainstory missions. Since I am a curious gamer, I tried some of these, than more of those missions, mixing it all up with the main storyline. Wrong! Almost every mission gives even more options afterwards, unlocking new factions or sidestory lines, and they are of course all indicated on a overcluttered map which I had to zoom in really close to be able to read every sign on it. After a further ten hours or so into the game, I started feeling overwhelmed there was SO much to do, to explore, to try, and it could all be done at my own initiative. Now this openworld concept may appeal to many gamers, but I like more of a narrative element, or at least a good backbone of a main story. And this exactly wheretends to falter at times. Only by following the main story mission after mission which I started doing after quite some time, did I refind the feeling of actually being Ezio Auditore, a feeling that had been so strong in AC II. Once I really plunged into it, the main storyline proved to be quite good, though not so compelling as the one in the previous game, and certainly much shorter although this is more than made up for the number of sidemissions and excursions.In all other departments than the identification with Ezio and the overdose of sideactivities,does shine, just as I had hoped for. The walking/climbing/jumping and whatever more of Ezio is so fluent, that I actually felt becoming good at it, but as with the other AC games, using an Xbox 360 controller really is a must. Combat has been greatly improved upon alreay in AC II, and this game even adds more possibilities, all very natural. The biggest change is the addition of the Brotherhood a group of Assassins I could train by giving them missions abroad, and whose help I could call for when needed. Graphically, the game still is a gem, also after a couple of years. Only musically things could have been better the music could have used a bit more variety.All things put together,is a worthy successor to AC II, but it is flawed by trying to do too much, and all of that at once. Its not on the same steallr height as its predecessor, but its still a very, very good game. Buy it if you tried and liked AC I and/or II, but I wouldnt recommend it as a first dive into the realm of the Assassins.Gameplay 24/30 would have been higher with a tighter storylineGraphics 18/20Sound 7/10Technical 8/10 I dont like Uplay as an extra shell, but thats just how it is, and otherwise its very stableLongelivety 9/10 there is some MP which is mostly out of use, but SP alone gives you dozens of hours of gameplaySteamintegration 5/10 as with almost all other Ubisoft titles they try to promote Uplay...Personal appreciation 9/10Overall 80/100 