Assassins Creed Brotherhood is the third installment in the Assassins Creed series and released only a year after the second game, a cycle that would become the norm until after Syndicate. Could it better the excellent ACII despite such a short time in between games? This is what I think of Assassins Creed Brotherhood.Amazingly, it did just that in a number of areas. I always used to tell friends that they could be released every year if they maintained the quality and Brotherhood was the first of many to back up that statement. The graphics quality is a step up from ACII, with excellent character models and colour palettes. The city of Rome and the other areas throughout Italy you briefly visit are beautiful, as always. Jesper Kyd also returns with another enchanting soundtrack. Much improved. on all counts.The story picks up right after ACIIs cliffhanger ending, allowing us to play once again in Ezios shoes. The story also forges ahead in the present day, with Desmond and company once again on the run from the Templars. Before establishing a new hideout, you get to play a decent sized section as Desmond, which was excellent. The back and forth between him and Lucy in particular is great. You also get to explore the area around the hideout whenever you like, as well as talk to the others a little more than in ACII. I liked that a lot.Ezios story starts with a bang, as the Borgia attack and the game introduces you to the new big bad in Renaissance Italy Cesare Borgia, son of last years villain. Ezio, wounded and holding a grudge, rides for Rome to exact revenge and rebuild the Assassin Brotherhood. It is a terrific story, with some memorable missions such as infiltrating the Castel Sant Angelo to rescue an ally. It was uneven in places, however, and I didnt enjoy it quite as much as ACIIs story but when it hits its stride it is a great tale. Cesare is excellent in the game, generally stealing the show and being a more unpredictable and unhinged opponent than his father, who surprisingly takes a back seat here.Gameplay is where the game improves the most. Brotherhood continues to include more variety in its mission design, with many different missions, side missions and things to do in the city that it can be a little overwhelming to begin with. This time around, after taking down Borgia towers around the city, you can renovate much of the city in a bigger slightly silly version of Monterrigioni in the last title. You now have a lot more to spend your florins on, which is great to see. Tombs make a welcome return, this time tasking you with retrieving keys to the Armour of Romulus, a nifty looking Roman set. As before, these are some of the best missions in the game. There is also a new feature that tasks you with optional challenges during every mission, something that would remain in the series in every entry after. Its a great idea and mixes things up during missions.In this game, you are tasked with rebuilding the Brotherhood in order to take the offensive against the Borgia. This is a fantastic addition, allowing you to liberate certain citizens of Rome and enlist them in your Brotherhood, sending them all across Europe on missions to level them up and gain new equipment. They play a big part in the game, allowing you to call upon them at any time to clear out guards and cause distractions to enable you to remain undetected. Sadly, once they are leveled up there isnt much incentive to keep sending them on missions and you soon forget that particular part of the game. A great new feature if slightly overpowered.Some old faces return in this one, including your uncle Mario, Caterina Sforza, Machiavelli, La Volpe, Bartolomeo DAlviano and of course, Leo Da Vinci. All have slightly better models than last time, especially Caterina. Shes excellent when shes in the game. A sad miss however is Da Vinci. He plays a much smaller role in this one and the game is poorer for it, in my opinion. He was one of the shining lights of the last game. The friendship between him and Ezio was downplayed this time around. The DLC, The Da Vinci Disappearance, is excellent and theres some great dialogue between the two at the end but again, you dont actually see the man himself that much. A pity.Other things I liked was some expanded weaponry and customization. You have much more control of the dyes you can use on your clothes, and they all look excellent. The crossbow was a game changing addition and really helped make stealth a more viable option. However, some of the quests were a little by the numbers in what would later become a problem in the series. As said above, the story also wasnt as strong this time around, despite some great moments, missions and characters.In all, Brotherhood is a fantastic game, and is better in many ways than ACII. Theres almost too much to cover, and its packed full of content to sink your teeth into. Brotherhood is a very slick experience, and one of the best AC games in the series. Step back into Renaissance Italy and you will have a great time. Dont miss out on this one. 