 AC1 was rough around the edges, both story and gameplay wise, barely tolerable, but this was acceptable, because it birthed multiple new genres open world parkour, counter based combat, and maprevealing towers and iconic new concepts hidden blades, white hoods, and bales of hay.  An engine with ultra realistic climbing and combat animations. AC2 fixed every problem with the original, while at the same time making huge new additions to the series.  Ezio, currency, equipment, upgradable village, sidequests and more.fine tuned things even further, and added yet more content and features.  It was impressive, the pinnacle of the series, before AC lost its writer and then transitioned to a new engine 1shot1kill meaningful combat, dual hidden blades as a combat weapon, upgrade the entire world now, build a brotherhood, unlock guild perks, unlock gadgets with leo, parachutes, perfect openworld replayability with rewardingly sensible bonus mission objectives, tons of little touches like free jumping or poking out your hidden blades for vanity, and much more.  This game also added unique cat/mouse multiplayer, though I didnt much care for that. ACRevelations removed many features, added nothing meaningful, and had a blatant change in writers.  Not only had the tone and setting changed for the worse, but the previous games were practically ignored, even though ACB ended on multiple cliff hangers. AC3 moved to a new engine, while it was graphically superior, the gameplay became floaty and overly simplified, with practically none of the depthy features that made AC good, and climbing animations that looked as if they were captured by Twilights laughable wire team.  The writing was also poor, with a seemingly motivationalless, unlikable, unrelatable, bipolar main character.  The ship combat, however, was amazing here, probably the best ship combat ever put into a video game, sadly only treated as a minigame. AC4 PIE RATS.  The story is a bit better here, the engine is a bit better here, the ship combat is a bit worse, but more integrated.  Overall an OK game. ACRogue takes the best parts of AC3 and AC4 and mushes them into one game.  While it is slightly better than both of those offerings, it still isnt as good as ACB was, once upon a time ago. ACU A fantastic game, lost to an unplayable combat system, and more bugs than Early Access.  Ships have been removed.  Combat has been reduced to stat based button mashing.  However, it did attempt coop, and has decent graphics and customization. ACS A step sideways from Unity, this time with poor performance, parkour has practially been removed, as you can simply zipline around the world.  You can no longer flourish your weapons, jump freely, interact with civilians, or even attack with your hidden blades.  I dont like the setting either, and the story wasnt good enough to keep me interested, even with or especially because? it attempts to tell you 5 stories at once.  This isnt even AC anymore.