This is a tough game to review, like all AC games the controls are garbage. Is this game fun, thats debatable, it doesnt feel fun, but it is challenging. Every mission is 100 is possible but ONLY if youre real hardcore, because your not playing to beat the game, your playing to beat bad game design. Every time I get 100 sync on a mission, I feel like its sticking it in the face of the devs, as if as a mere player I can overcome how bad they are at making games.Lets step into BAD game design 101 a class where everyone at Ubisfot is an A student There is a side mission where you drive around in a tank, the bonus goal to get 100 on this mission is to not let the tank take any damage. Any normal player would think that makes sense so we can preserve the tank, keep it undamaged to use later. HA! FOOLED YOU! This is bad game design, no lets make the mission ungodly difficult, then after you beat the mission, lets have th player jump out of the tank and blow it up!Bonus bad design  Make it a looOOoooong mission, where if you get damaged in the tank, instead of going back to a checkpoint, you need to restart the entire mission.Next chapter in Bad Game Design  Build open world, imagine a big world you can explore, gamers would like that! That isnt how its done in this game, thanks to more bad game design there are stupid white walls everywhere that just kill you if you touch them. There is no excuse for this, I found it altered none of the story if you could just go to different places. How that would ruin any game is just beyond me.Multiple endings  Games that offer different ways of achieving a goal through creative thoughtful strategy is often rewarded. Not in AC brotherhood, most missions if someone looks at you, you just die and have to restart. Suddenly everyone of the bad guys in Italy are medusas, and if they look at you apparently you die.Playing this I often picture the developers, who are in their corporate headquarters on a hill as the sky grows dark lightning crashes around it. They sit in a meeting room making lists of how to make the game worse. Ringing their hands in dark rooms lighted only by the glow of their overhead projector used for presentations, while laughing maniacally at the thoughts of people suffereing through their horrible game, MuWaHaHaHaHa....Multiplayer is dead...  Game is so boring that people sitting in the same room watching me would fall asleep as I had to retry missions again, and again. They tried to play it and thought the controls sucked, and it wasnt fun. There so for average people or fun gamers, this game is terribad, only for people who really want a challenge is it fun, and challenging isnt that much fun to be honest, its just challenging...Regular Gamer    Rating  0/10  Value  0.00Hardcore Gamer  Rating  10/10  Value  9.99 