Its not quite as bad as the first AC game, but way worse than AC II or AC IV. Lots of stupid special missions you need to solve exactly one way or they wont work. Lots of missions impossible to solve the first time round because you have no time to look around and plan, you run and do. If you did right, you will barely make it in time. If you chose wrong on pure luck, desynch, try again, try another way. No thinking, no planning, just run and do trial and error.Regular and egregeously stupid camera lock to some effed up perspective you cannot see anything youd like to see.The freerun railing usually gets more in the way than helping, which is emphasized by willynilly placed railingstructures like walls that break and stop any attempt at freerunning that was not explicitly build as a course.Regular occurances of interface failure, where among the three dozen contextselected actions on one button the only sensible and rather required one is not available and your char does something completely stupid instead. Enemy? Wait, you could... knit, cook, puzzle, hug, read the newspaper, go to the toilet or pull faces. Attack? No. Assasinate? No. Run? What are you, a coward?Open world? Yes, in theory. In practice, most interesting things are only available once you got all regions unlocked and are about done with the game. What you might want with any special equipment once you have no occasion to use it anymore is anyones guess.Achievements? Well, yes, but its anyones guess what some of them are meant to be. Kill guards while mounted. well... it does not count the amount of guards you kill while mounted yourself. And ist does not count guards killed while they are mounted, at least not assassinated ones. And a hit in combat usually dismounts guards instead of killingt them while mounted. Hmm... I have some that triggered, but not the foggiest idea which, how and why.Full synchro? Yes, please try. Some of the requierments are stupendously easy, many others are terribly frustratingly difficult. Combined with the above mentioned mission pacing as purely lucky choice parcours, no redo from checkpoint option and the frequent control glitches... eff that.