As much good as ACII, maybe even better!Beatifuly modeled Rome with its surroundings Vatican too!, a much more sidejob opportunities than in ACII during first play of ACB i was just like hell, it is beautiful, this and that, yeas, this is how ACII should really be .Game very tightly continues after ACII story, so i think there is really need to know ACII before playing this and before playing ACRevelations too.Pros again and again you can feel absolute freedom of movement, you can go and climb really almost everywhere beautifuly modeled Rome, Vatican and its surroundings beautiful and believable atmosphere of living city and living story, everything fits very fine on PC version there is just one click activation no pay, only activate it of nice DLC Leonardo disappearance, wchich adds pretty few hours filled with anothet part of main story very good audio enviroment modeling/engine parachutes from Leonardo but it has its dark side, see cons also almost no bugs or glitches.Neutral aka not sure  same combat system as in previous AC, maybe with slight differences which i sorry didnt noticed. possibility to ride horse anytime and anywhere ... which comes boring after while. Or, for long distances traveling  if one doesnt want to use sewers system the horse is only choice. But not in tight streeets of Rome, you can get really hard times with your horse stucked somewhere on the corner etc . there is no more killing from back of your horse with your sword possibility. You just cant draw your sword while being on horse. Which looks strage, but to be honest  it gave too much overpower to Ezio. Ezio was almost immortal with sword being on horse back. It was fun for a while, but with that were some parts of game too much easy. Specially liberating Borgia towers was like one finger in my nose, second hand on my mouse, i just took a horse, draw my sword and even hardes Borgia towers were cleaned of Borgia soldier within minute with no need to use of medicine.Cons as i play third AC in row started with ACII, then ACB, now i play ACReveletaions i start thinking there should be difficulty setting, i fell very often like as guards are totally blinded or def parachutes from Leonardo! Worst thing ever, for what is it if you cant use it as primary tool for escaping some fight/battle which gone wrong? I was unable to use parachute almost everytime i was known, seeked and chased. In time of peace i had no problem to deploy parachute.ConclusionWho loved AC and loved ACII will enjoy ACB. And i have no problem with strictly continuity of Ezio story so one needs to know ACII before playing ACB and needs to know ACB before playing ARRevelations. 