Its that time of year again, suiting up in your best hooded outfit, cutting open a pair of black stockings, taping a butter knife to each hand and lurking around the neighborhood looking for Templars to slay. Ah, the memories of jumping out at the purse snatcher and jamming the butter knife directly into his ribcage.. The sweat dripping off my bald head, my heart pounding.. my face hitting the ground as I realized Im not Enzio and the man I just jammed in the stomach is 63 and close to 300 pounds.. After a nice nap, I woke up in the hospital.. Not one to feel discouraged, I vowed to get revenge on that over sized Neanderthal. After all he had knocked out my front tooth..Enough about that..  Its time to talk about Assassins Creed Brotherhood, or as I like to call it Assassins Creed 2.5.The Story  Brotherhood picks up the story after the second game. Enzio returns to Monteriggioni after he successful retrieved the Apple. He returns to a heros welcome, and numerous offers of ahem favors from the local town woman. Our resident playboy settles for a night with Caterina Sforza. All is going well for Enzio, hes a hero, hes gotten his revenge, hes got himself a sexy MILF, hes going to live happily ever after... Since this is a game, we all figured out this wasnt going to happen..  Que the music...   puts on Hammer Time by MC Hammer  After some vigorous relations with Caterina Monteriggioni is attacked by a new Atagonist Cesare Borgia. Needless to say the attack left Mario dead and Monteriggioni in shambles.. Guess a relocation is in order.Left with nothing Enzio is tasked with rebuilding the Assassin Brotherhood, while at the same time getting justice against the Borgia clan and reclaiming the apple once more.. This time around the game takes place in Roma.. better known as Rome, a very large and vibrant city. Youll meet numerous people in your travels and back yet again is everyones favorite painter and cheapskate Leonardo Di Vinci,The Gameplay  If youve played Assassins Creed 2, you know fully what to expect in Brotherhood, the few additions to take note of..  Money serves a fair larger role in Brotherhood, gone is the building of a city, now you are tasked with rebuilding an entire CityState. You gain revenue from the various businesses and landmarks that you purchase. A new feature are the Borgia Towers, which have replaced many of the view points. You need to kill the Guard Captain, then make your way up the Borgia tower to set it ablaze. As you take out Borgia towers you reduce the Borgias power and open up new businesses and landmarks that you can buy. Another awesome idea is building of the Assassin Brotherhood, you can recruit assassins.. The more Borgia towers you control the more assassins you can own.. I believe the max is 10. Also this time around various guilds exist which allow you to climb their ranks although aside from dropping the price to hire the various helpers courtesans, mercenaries or thieves I didnt notice any other benefits. You can send your Assassins away on contracts of various difficulties, these earn the assassins experience, and money for you. Occasionally youll be rewarded with items as well.The Combat  Not much has been changed from the second game. The few changes are as follows.. You gain access to a crossbow!!! A nice ranged weapon which allows you to silently kill enemies from afar. Unlike the gun which makes noise and attracts attention, the Crossbow is silent and quite deadly. Unarmed combat includes a few new animations for unarmed kills, such as a curb stomp, and neck breaking. You can also chain kill this time around, which is very useful for those times when you are surrounded by 8 or 9 enemies, after you execute the first enemy, you can immediately focus and execute another without the need to fight them, repeat this as much as possibly until you need to counter attack. The biggest change over all is the ability to call your Assassins into combat, or order them to take out guards. Instead of having to get your hands dirty and risk tipping off the guards, you send in your crew, they clean up the guards then run off.. This is the single biggest game changer about brother hood.. Nothing beats having an army of 7  8 buffed up assassins at the ready for any of those large scale battles although only about 3  4 of these battles exist unfortunatelyThe conclusion... If you enjoyed Assassins Creed 2, youll enjoy Brotherhood. While the game itself feels like a rather large expansion, it has enough meat and potatoes to stand on its own. So buy it, enjoy it.. 