Assassins Creed Brotherhood continues the story of Ezio Auditore in a single huge city Rome that is dotted with hills, ruins, narrow streets and platforming opportunities aplenty. The twin stories of Ezio and Desmond are some of the most effective in the Ezio trilogy. Marred by some poor keyboard  mouse platforming controls and bad implementation of vsync, but there is controller support. If youve enjoyed other Assassins Creed games, this is a mustown.Uplay is required.You can.Total size on my hard drive 11GBNote If you are new to Assassins Creed games and wondering where to start, Id recommend Assassins Creed II, not Brotherhood.Assassins Creed Brotherhood picks up right where Assassins Creed II left off Ezio is in Rome, having just fought the previous games final boss, and Desmond et. al. are on the run after having their hideout crashed by Abstergo. Having completed the battle in Rome, Ezio returns to Monteriggioni to have sexy times with Catarina Sforza, only to have the idyll interrupted by Cesare Borgia laying siege to the fortress. After it falls, Ezio and his family flee to Rome, determined to destroy the Borgias nearcomplete control of the citys districts, and rebuild the Assassins and Rome in the process. Several popular characters return Catarina as previously mentioned, Leonardo, Claudia and Maria Auditore, and Machiavelli. Rodrigo Borgia has a few brief scenes as well, but the primary antagonist is Rodrigos son, Cesare.Now, instead of only upgrading your headquarters, Ezio is buying and refurbishing shops and landmarks all over Rome. Completing all the Sons of Romulus lairs unlocks a special dagger and armor. Completing memories with full synchronization unlocks hidden repressed Ezio memories of Cristina Vespuccis fate. Leonardo is a minor character in the main game, but gets an entire DLC to himself which is included. The Copernicus DLC is also included in the game files, but isnt accessible to PC players without a mod search the Steam forums. Add in the huge amount of loot found throughout the game which is used to unlock unique items at shops, the Animus training mode which is an arcade for honing your combat skills, and there is a wealth of content in Assassins Creed Brotherhood.The combat is the largest improvement to Brotherhood over the previous games. The addition of the chainkill mechanic allows for the rapid dispatch of hordes of enemies. Combat in general flows quicker and smoother in the hands of a skilled player. A strange step backward, though, is the inability to use secondary weapons like the pistol or crossbow without selecting them in the weapon wheel first. Also, if you have a secondary weapon selected, doing a handfocused act  like tearing down wanted posters  switches the weapon selection to unarmed. And the platforming was clearly designed for a controller. Its doable with a keyboard and mouse, but not always intuitive. Expect Ezio to occasionally leap to his death without explanation.The graphics are among the best of the earlier Assassins Creed games Revelations are better, but are also much more demanding. Maxing Brotherhoods graphics settings and hitting 120fps at 1080p proved an easy task I have an R7 260X graphics card. Texture quality, detail, light, and reflections are the biggest advances over Assassins Creed II. Brotherhood is marred, however, by the poor implementation of verticalsync turning it on results in horrific framerate microstutter. There doesnt seem to be a fix, other than not turning vsync on. Setting vsync on in the Radeon Crimson settings didnt help, either.These are small drawbacks, though. With swift and deadly combat, tons of things to do, and great stories, Assassins Creed Brotherhood is a fantastic second part of the Ezio trilogy of games. A superb sequel and a great game in its own right. It discounts quite low, too, so if youre a fan of Ezio or Assassins Creed in general, there is no reason not to get it. 