In Ubisofts thrid installement of the Assassins Creed series we follow Firenzes favourite ladys man Ezio Auditore. However, this time he is 40 years old, not 1740 like in the AC2. This is overall a great game. The climbing is just as good as AC2 and AC1. That being said there are some minor problems in the map. Well get into the pros and cons later, now we will talk about the story.At the beggining of the game you begin right where you left of in AC2. For those of you that like a game because of the story, buy AC2 first it will make the story more clear. After leaving the vault you reunite with Uncle Mario. After returning back to the Villa you are greeted by the beautiful Catarina Sforza, whom you bang that night. Afterwards the villa is attacked my Ceasere Borgia, The popes  son. He takes back the apple of eden and kills Mario.  Ezio then goes to Rome seeking revenege and the Apple. After reuniting with the other Assassins, Ezio liberates Rome and gives it back to the people.Pros Great Gameplay Goodish Story Climbing is still good Corteseans are still good looking Theres a sex scene! Plenty of side missionsCons Romes map is all over the place. Some buildings are high above others and you cant climb them without stopping and going around. The master armor looks more like a winter jacket than an Assassins hood. Money is scarce and buildings are too expensive Character develpment is limitedVerdictACBH is good game with lots to do. However, the story just isnt as good as AC2. Ezio doesnt seem to grow as much as he did in AC2. Which does make sense but it would be better if he connected with his sister more instead of just feeling bad about not being behind her for 25 years. The climbing would be way better if the map wasnt so messed up. Anyway, this game is fun but if you are looking for story rich, fast paced game. Play AC2 or MiddleEarth Shadow of Mordor. If you want a fun, openworld game with some stealth and some loud pound this is the game for you. I give it a 7.5/10.