Good things in generalParkourBeautiful sceneryPlenty of extra contentGood things compared to the previous gameAbility to replay missions without needing to start over.Each mission now has some bonus objective for those looking for an extra challenge. It does make some missions more interesting.Addition of killstreaks that allow you to instakill people if you manage to maintain your streak. Quite fun when you get surrounded by tons of guards from all sides.Cristinas storyAbility to hotkey the weapons/items you use the most.The pistol targets faster, making it actually useful.Getting to ride a horse in town and battling on horseback was a nice addition.Its nice to be able to summon assassin backup midbattle.Eagle Vision would mark any collectibles on the map. Nice when youre in the middle of a mission and dont want to take a detour. And you can buy a map if you dont want to spend too much time on hunting down the hundred flags.Melee weapons are now paired with ranged weapons.Crossbow and poison darts added some tactical options for some form of stealth in the game. Especially useful in memories where you had to avoid detection.Addition of lifts as a quick way to get on a roof.Some things to do in the present day as well, albeit not too much.Some things I didnt likeuPlayThe story is shorter and interested me less than the previous gameThe numerous Borgia towers you had to destroy to unlock shops in the city were more of a repetitive nuisance than an interesting activity. Each tower was basically the same thing  find a specific character, kill him, and climb a tower to light it. Once or twice is fine, but twelve was a bit much. Especially since most of the viewpoints in this game were those very towers.You can select your fast travel destination through the map on the fast travel window. Instead, you have to go through a list of place names until the location you want to travel to lights up. Kinda unnecessarily annoying.No ability to replay from checkpoint. If you screw up with the optional objective for a mission, you have to restart the entire thing from scratch. It may not be a problem for most missions, but some require going through some annoying cinematics and other time wasting segments.Purchasing landmarks. Im honestly not sure what point that serves. The pay from landmarks is very negligible especially compared to how much you invest in them and it doesnt change anything about the landmark. Id understand if the payment would restore the landmark to some extent or something, but as it is, its just something you can dump your extra money on.The store investment. Id understand if you could invest as much money as you liked in as many stores as you wanted, but you can only invest in one store at a time until you receive income from the stores you renovated and could only invest a designated amount of money. So, not much you can do with it.You can loot some random stuff from bodies and chests, but theres nothing really you can do with the stuff, other than completing a couple of shop quests or just selling the stuff off. Kind of an underused system.To be honest, while Brotherhood was a nice game, I didnt feel as into it as ACII. Id still recommend playing it, but Im not sure if Id personally be ineterested in replaying it one day.