Assassins Creed Brotherhood... its been 5 years since I played this game, I got it for christmas on my PS3 along with AC1,2 and Revelations. Its the 3rd instalment of the AC franchise and it follows the story of AC2. To this day its still known as one of the best AC games, if not the best AC game, if people dont find AC2 their favourite, they find ACB their favourite. As for me? well, lets seeThe story starts with Ezio returning to Monteriggioni after meeting the goddess Minerva and defeating Rodrigo Borgia, although literally the next day, the Borgia army attacks Monteriggioni and kill Ezios Uncle Mario and also capture Caterina Sforza, Ezio decides to go back to Rome to find Machiavelli, Ezio, wanting to rebuild the Assassin brotherhood, sets out to find La Volpe, who believes Machiavelli is a traitor and Bartolomeo DAlviano, who is under attack from the Borgia and the French. Soon after, Ezio finds his mother and sister in Rome and they both want to help Ezio in his quest to stop the Borgia. With the courtesans, thieves and mercenaries on Ezios side, they finally decide to rebuild Rome and free its people from the Borgia. Machiavelli orders Ezio to kill Cesare and Rodrigo in the Castel SantAngelo, however Ezio is determined to find Caterina and free her first. By doing this, Ezio ends up not being able to kill Cesare and Rodrigo is missing from the castle entirely. After being freed by Ezio, Caterina returns to Forli to fight off the Borgia there. Ezio then decides that the only way to defeat the Borgia is to rely on the people being oppressed by the Borgia and are willing to fight. Then the story sort of sits back for the gameplay for a bit, then after a while, La Volpe decides hes had enough of Machiavelli and attempts to kill him, however Ezio finds who the real traitor is in the Borgia and its revealed to be some person who helps you escape from Monteriggioni during the attack, Ezio rushes to La Volpe to stop him from killing Machiavelli, so... yeah that wasnt really a huge dramatic moment, in the mission that happens it goes by in like 3 minutes or so. Anyways, Ezio decides to go to the Castel SantAngelo one last time to kill Cesare and Rodrigo, he finds out that Cesare had taken control over the Borgia army and was the one who wanted to attack Monteriggioni so quickly, so Rodrigo poisons Cesare but is then killed by the power hungry Cesare, Ezio then races Cesare to find the Apple of Eden, Ezio ends up finding it and has Cesare on the run begging for back up and ordering for Ezios execution, however Cesare becomes powerless and is eventually arrested for incest, murder and other crimes in the city. He tells Ezio that chains will not hold him forever, Ezio takes this warning seriously and uses the Apple to find out what exactly will happen to Cesare, he finds out that he will escape and that he must be stopped. So for one final time, Ezio fights Cesare in the flashback that you see at the start of the game. After a long fight, Ezio throws Cesare off the castle walls and returns to Rome to place the Apple of Eden in a temple under the colosseum. Which then Desmond will find it in the year 2012 and oh.. I didnt talk about the modern day story did I?So the modern day story also takes place after AC2, where Desmond, Lucy, Shaun and Rebecca are escaping from Abstergo and retreat to Monteriggioni, Desmond goes into the animus and yknow, welcome to AC Brotherhood, but after finding out where the Apple of Eden is, Desmond retrieves it but is frozen by the goddess Juno, who then steers Desmond into Lucys direction, activates Desmonds hidden blade and stabs Lucy. As it turns out, Lucy was an Abstergo agent this whole time and was going to kill Desmond after being given the Apple, this isnt explained in Brotherhood, but you can find it out in the DLC of Revelations and its confirmed in Assassins Creed 3. Overall, I love this story, its simple yet an amazing way to finish the fight between Ezio and the Borgia, which in only just 2 games, weve played through 30 years of Ezios life. From when he was 17 to a 40 year old man. The modern day is also way better than how it was in AC1 or 2.Theres also the DLC The Da Vinci Disappearance which takes place just after Brotherhood, theres nothing really important about it until you find a temple which has coordinates reading 43 39 19 N 75 27 42 W. Which actually leads to New York if you search for it on Google, which if you played AC3, it leads to the Grand Temple where Desmond will die, Ezio knows this isnt for him so he leaves it until Desmond will find the coordinates. Its a nice little tie in and stuff like this really makes you think, how long did Ubisoft have the AC story planned out for?So now time for the gameplay... as Ezio, you can do everything you could in AC2 except its far more polished this time, counter attacks or attacks in general are a lot smoother, you can now kick opponents in the balls which is a lot of fun as its basically the most overpowered attack, because any enemy that you cant grab normally, well since theyre concentrating on protecting their balls, you can just grab them and kill them, same goes for heavy guards who become so weak if you kill them with this method. Also counter attacks can kill just about anyone, its a shame you have to buy upgrades from Leonardo to use the higher jumps when climbing, but its not like its essential for anything, just an easier way of doing things. The buildings are all close to each other, a bit more like AC1 but the map is a lot easier to remember and you can now fast travel around the city! I never really use this feature since I enjoy running around the city and its relatively easy to get through, but its a good feature which comes in handy in future games. Throughout your journey youll be fighting the Borgia, but to make sure theyre wiped out, you will have to go to several Borgia towers, where you kill a captain and then burn down the tower they control. This frees up the area for you to buy buildings and stores, I love finding new ways on how to kill the Borgia captains and it never gets tiring. Graphically speaking, its a huge step up from AC2 and while its nothing spectacular, its a fantastic looking game for the PS3/Xbox 360. For a game developed in just 9 months, this game had a lot of effort put into it, in fact... Ubisoft were working on Revelations whilst making this game, and both games turned out great, Revelations ironically turned out to be the weaker game, but its also good. People dont like Brotherhood because it feels too much like AC2... but, really, its doing everything right. Taking stuff from the previous game and improving on it. Its not a huge change in gameplay style like AC3, 4 and every future instalment is, its just sticking to the AC1/AC2 formula which is a good thing. Its consistent, its fun and I can honestly say AC Brotherhood, after 5 years of replaying it, its still my favourite AC game.Also the music is absolutely fantastic and its one of the best Assassins Creed soundtracks ever, I mean yeah Ezios family is reused but at least it makes sense in this game, but the ambient music when going around the city, the fight music, the dramatic music when burning a Borgia tower, its great. Its kinda sad that Jesper Kyd doesnt make the AC soundtracks anymore, I mean dont get me wrong, AC3,4 and Origins soundtrack is great, but Rogue, Unity, Syndicate and most of Origins just has something missing. Hell even AC3/4 does.Anyways, if youre just getting into the series, start off with this game, you dont even need to be an Assassins Creed fan to like this game, its just an amazing game which anyone could enjoy. Its easily one of the best games Ive played. Good job Ubisoft. However, they should really return to this sort of level. 3 consistently amazing games... then after we had 2 great games with minor issues then the rest just had a ton of issues... 