There are three reasons why I cannot recommend chief of which is how theres not enough new content for this to qualify as anything more than a DLC. No new notable characters have been introduced, additions to gameplay are minor and differences to the script similarly so you essentially lose everything from Assassins Creed 2 during the prologue and spend the rest of the game trying to build back your base of operation. Meaning, dont begin your Assassins Creed experience from this title onwards because you startas Assassins Creed 2 drops off so yes, spoilers.Secondly, one of the defining aspects of the game specifically, the brotherhood of assassins whom you recruit works entirely by a timepassage mechanic. If Assassins Creed 2 allowed you to cheat the system by waiting so as to gain additional income, Brotherhood sends your assassin recruits away on missions where success is based entirely on a percentage, with no involvement on your part.Third, although I love how your missions now have additional challenges, autosaving on your failures and the inability to skip cutscenes are just artificial obstacles that any game producer respectful of their customers wouldve removed already. Neither can you skip the end credits, and the game wont acknowledge youve finished the story until the whole 20 minute thing has passed. Alttabbing pauses the credits.Production was so lazy, it warped the whole story stupid. Theyve copypasted the villa restoration system from 2, but its one thing to rebuild a decrepit villa so as to attract tourists and another one entirely to renovate ROME. You wage war on the open seas against battle ships sculling about your little gondola oar, because of course they kept the gondola and they couldnt be arsed in building an appropriate boat. I should add that the filler returns WITH A VENGEANCE the missions I dont mind, its the list of tasks such as kill 20 guards with a crossbow while undetected which are nothing but a chore. Expect around 40 of those.So dont do like I did and buy a whole bunch of discounted Assassins Creed products in bulk, but pick and choose amongst the goodish ones. Or imagine everyone lived happily ever after the events of Assassins Creed 2. That works too. 