Remember when this game came out 5 years ago? Remember how much uplay sucked and people were frustrated and outraged? Well its 5 years later, and nothing has changed or been fixed. Have fun not even being able to play the game. Fortunately I own a mac and a pc, and while I literally cannot log into uplay without it crashing on pc, it worked okay not great, but okay on my macbook. So while uplay is a massive pain, Ill try to stick to reviewing the actual game.The most important part of a game in my opinion is the gameplay, and that is definitely the best part of AC Brotherhood. Freerunning around Rome, climbing all over mysterious ruins, and generally exploring and getting around the map, even outside of missions, is a lot of fun. Solving the various puzzles within the levels is also a blast. The combat is definitely too easy, and I could confidently take on dozens of enemies at once, as they just stand around yelling at me, attacking one by one. I understand why it is like this, wheres the fun in realistically being beaten to death by dozens of guards at once, however fights with large numbers of enemies happens regularly, and it is extremely noticeable. As to plot, AC Brotherhood has a decent story going for it, but I found it a bit over the top a lot of the time, kinda melodramatic, then again its a videogame, and thats par for the course, almost required. The plot is definitely a good length, not cutting off too abruptly or dragging on forever, and outside of the story missions there is a lot to do. Its difficult to say how long the plot is, since my game time is not displaying properly. Ive actually played through the game twice, and played a significant amount of the multiplayer, which isnt terribly active these days, but can be an absolute blast if you find a time where enough people are playing. There is some replayability to the game, but not tons. Going back through the memories and replaying specific missions that you enjoyed is a nice feature, so that you dont have to replay the entire game, can just enjoy the highlight reel.Overall, I think the game is worth playing, and is one of the stronger entries to the series, but would Ubisoft please just kill uplay with fire already? Seriously...