Very decent experience with some genuine moments of greatness here and there, held back by boring filler, unimaginative mission ideas, and an insultingly easy combat system.Starting off with the good stuff, the platforming is fun as  and effortlessly running from rooftop to rooftop never got old. Very ocassionally it would glitch out in one way or another e.g not grab onto a platform right in front of me but it was rare enough to not really hamper my experience.The tutorials in this game arent just intrusive, theyre obnoxious. In the penultimate mission, there is a sequence where the game prompts you to find a way out of the area youre in. The camera then literally pans to where youre supposed to go. Im not really finding a way out here, am I? Id like to think that by the secondtolast mission of the entire game, a player would be prepared for some sort of challenge. By the end of the game, I was still getting prompts for keybindings for basic movement in combat and platforming, too. Its outrageous.This incessant handholding extends to the combat as well. Not once did I die during my playthrough, and I only got close on one occassion. The combat consists of you locking on to an enemy, waiting for him to attack, then pressing LMB. Then if there are other enemies, press LMB on them as well no need to wait for them to attack, now youve started a combo. Some enemy types try to spice it up by forcing you to press space to kick them before you can attack them, and it becomes more of an annoying hurdle than an actual challenge.Maybe this handholding would be forgiveable, if there was no filler and the game was short but sweet. But most of the story missions in this game are boring go here, do that, tail this guy missions. The best missions were ones where you had to stay undetected, carefully plotting out a route past the guards, which does shine a light on how awful the combat system is.Speaking of staying undetected, for a game that sells itself as a stealth title, stealth is barely ever the best option. Wherever the game lets you attack headon, its the best option. Staying undetected takes longer and has a higher risk associated with it.Despite all these gaping flaws, the game was a pretty enjoyable experience. The story, whilst I didnt get particularly attatched to any character, was somewhat interesting and while the game ends on a ooh, buy the next game to find out what happens next cliffhanger, they at least put the effort in to make you genuinely want to find out what happens next  and the platforming, when the game wasnt holding your hand with it, was satisfying and surprisingly wellprogrammed.6/10 