With due respect, Im humbly representing my thoughts about Assassins Creed Brotherhood in my own point of view. Tell you what, This is one of the crown jewels of Assassins Creed series. It gives you the most masterful experience about a true Assassin. Like you are gonna be legendary mentor, Ezio Auditore with iconic skills and master plans. Now let me share my thoughts about it in very few options.Story is one of the momentous things about this title. As always, the story has been affiliated with historical theme and beliefs. The story tells about how Ezio Auditore takes his revenge and finds justice between roguish warriors. Its story has been continued from Assassins Creed II. Youll get yourself in an immersive adventure as Ezio Auditore. Will take you through some of the very complex events to reach conclusion. I would say the story is really well tailored. Like what should be your story when your everything has been destroyed and taken. As an assassin, your judgement and plans must be wise and masterful, not like simple person. So this is how his adventure begins. Ezio liberates a beautiful city called Roma edgewise he fights for his revenge. Every story sequences went up to its closure altogether and explained all the things. Narrative of the whole storys very wise and aristocratic.Gameplay is another momentous feature of this title. Like its very focused and noted. I would like to talk about skills of a true Assassin first. So I could see all the true skills of a masterful assassin in this. Just like flawless and compact. This is what makes the combat more winsome. If you teach yourself to use Ezio Auditores combat skills throughly then youll be able to inflict flawless execution which would take your combat experience into elegant echelon. About antagonists, you cant kill all the hostiles spontaneously. There are some difference like skill levels. Some hostiles like Brutes, they are very skillful and complex to be eliminated. So some combat situations will be hard for you though. By the way, you can recruit some distressful citizens to your cause through saving them from attackers. Then you can make your own brotherhood. You can use your guild in any combat. Youll be able to recruit over fifteen citizens. Even there are skill ranks for them. Summon them in your conflict and let them aid you with ther skills. So they can uprank and reach the highest rank which is called Assassin.About map and locations, youll enjoy wandering around Roma. Because it has been created with very astute minds. Looks so beautiful and detailed than before. Also thats pretty big for you to travel the whole map even with horse rides. In game situations would want you to act more effective to get collectible things around the map. Some of them hidden and some of them kind of visible. This is what gonna keep you busy most of the times.About outfits and purchasable things, youll be rewarded with some outfits for completing some actions like getting full synchronization and other events. Some of the outfits you can purchase from Uplay like Ezios noble attire, Altairs robes and more. With in game currency, you can buy different colored clothes and other swords, daggers, crossbow and more. Even you can upgrade your armor through Leonardo Da Vinci, just like before.Visuals are good and decent as this title was released 7 years ago. So dont expect it to be like realistic and intensive. But youll love it. About characters, facial expressions and moves are improved than before like what we have seen in Assassins Creed II. About environment, looks rad at night and dazzling at day time.Definitely, this has some fascinating background scores like Echoes of Roman Ruins. Makes you feel like youre back to historical moments. Echoes of Roman Ruins has been given for some peaceful moments like when youre wandering around and having some moments with environments. Besides, all the other musics are perfectly matched with their given situations.Having outstanding performance without any kind of deficiency. Didnt face any bugs, crashes nor any errors till now. Im playing on Intel Core i7 7700K, R9 390 STRIX and 6GB Ram and getting tenecious 60 FPS with max presets. So for me, it has flawless performance.So guys, Im genuinely recommending it to all of you. If you love immersive adventures then dont be dummy and let it lift your spirits. Assassins Creed Brotherhood is requisite for all Assassins Creed lovers. I personally guarantee you that you wont be disappointed if you try this out.