Disclaimer This review contains absolutely nothing about the multiplayer. The multiplayer in Brotherhood is AMAZING and one of the greatest things in any Assassins Creed ever. Unfortunately, there is no playerbase anymore, so its virtually unplayable.Assassins Creed Brotherhood is a noble continuation of the story of both Desmond and the Assassins  Ezio and the Assassins. The events of Brotherhood directly follow the end of Assassins Creed 2, which has Desmond, Lucy, Rebecca, and Shaun, flee to Monteriggioni to continue Desmonds exploration in the animus while Ezio discovers that there is more he will need to do to bring a true end to the Borgia.Let me stop right here to say, as a player its extremely frustrating this whole game basically exists becausebut whatever. The story evolves into much more, especially with regard to Cesare, so its not.Anyway, the game at its core is AC2, which is fantastic, because AC2 is a gaming masterpiece in my eyes. Brotherhood introduces some new collectibles, a few characters, and some minor game mechanics, but little else. I wrote a review on AC2 already, so if you want to get a good sense of how I feel aboutthe great aspects of this game you can read that. I had very few complaints with AC2.In AC2 and Brotherhood both the visuals are great, the atmosphere is captivating, the voice acting is ABSOLUTELY BRILLIANT, the pacing is good, the missions are fun, the combat issatisfying, the collectible/side content is unique seriously, if you dont do the collectible/side content in AC2 or Brotherhood youre missing out on one of the very best aspects of the games, and the ending is SO GOOD! I love Brotherhood for many of the same reasons I love AC2.However, I dont think Brotherhood is as good as AC2 and there are a few reasons why...1 The city management is boring and unnecessary. This got started with Monteriggioni in AC2 and I didnt like it then, so I didnt want it to continue. Unfortunately, it did. I like renovating the faction houses because they serve a useful purpose in the game play, but the rest to me is silly. It doesnt affect any gameplay hardly at all, and its just something totally unnecesary and boring that they spent development time on.2 The same can be said about Assassin contracts. You can look at Brotherhood and see the beginning of mobile gaming bleeding into highquality, toptier AAA games. I remember distinctly seeing online advertisements send your brotherhood on missions across Europe! as if it was something exciting or interesting. Its not. Its boring and its just a timesink.The assassin recruits aspect is good. In many cases the missions in Brotherhood are much more difficult and Ubisoft made many of the enemies tougher, so you really need to use your assassin recruits. However, creating some type of progression system for them was unnecessary and stupid, if you ask me.The assassin recruits arent amazing though, either. Sometimes their availability makes missions WAY too easy. There is a mission where you must kill a target in less than 5 minutes for full synch but in the first 5 seconds if you hold down the button for the assasin recruits to perform an arrow storm he dies instantly.On other missions youreto use your assassin recruits to kill your target without being detected, but often times when you do the game says you were detected and you failed the mission. So theyre quite buggy and they couldve used more polish.3 Sequences 8 and 9, all the way up until you finally leave the animus and return to Desmond, are terrible. AC2 has a drop in quality, too. Sequences 12, 13, and everything up until the Pope in sequence 14 were boring and monotonous as well. But its still no excuse. It really feels like the devs just gave up during these sequences. The lines assassino! GUARDS!!! Live in Assassins Creed infamy because of this game.And thats it. I know it may seem like Im bagging on this game a lot, but I really do love it. Like I said before, the games story, atmosphere, missions, characters, voice acting, etc. are all incredible. But given that the game is so great, I figured Id focus on some of the reasons why I think this series since most people reading these reviews have likely played other AC games took a slight dip here.