This PC Port is even better than ACII was. A Clearer picture, constant 60 FPS, and almost no game crashes has been so far my best experience on PC with an Ubisoft game that Ive played outside of South Park The Stick of Truth.Graphics They are a step up from ACII, with more colors, a clearer picture, and more detail on everything from buildings and architecture to character models. Some common citizens as well as the new assassin recruits/their faces, however, look a little too low poly and low rez as far as the game world is around them, but this is just a minor concern. The game, for the most part, makes Rome look stunning, even by 2015 standards if you have an open mind for older titles, anyway. I did have a weird problem with citizens/guards popping in right in front of me, as they took longer to load, and they scared the heck outta me when that happened, but this didnt take away much from my experience.Story/Plot/Setting It picks up right where ACII leaves up and continues to be compelling and engaging. Ezio is still ever the charming personality. The people he interacts with are, for the most part, well written and interesting. Ezio continues to learn and grow as a character. The new assassin recruits make for an interesting side game as well as a great story mechanic. The side missions expand on the story even further, especially the Christina Memories. You spend more time as Desmond in this game than you did in ACII, but not enough to take away from the experience as Ezio. The ending is an interesting plot device to push the story even further and ends on an outrageous cliffhanger.Gameplay Its the AC gameplay we all knew and loved from the 2nd game, with better platforming and new side missions. The Assassin recruits are simple to handle, though not very engaging. A lot of the side missions that you may or may not have loved, like contracts, races, the like, have returned. Collectibles have also returned. However there is a lack of the puzzles you did in ACII. The Romulus missions work similar to the Assassin Tombs in ACII, which I loved! I beat the game in 26 hours, about 4 hours shy of the time I spent in ACII, but if youre a completionist or enjoyed a lot of the side stuff that ACII had to offer you could easily spend more time than that with this game. There is also the investments in stores outside of buying them, but considering that the community has moved on to the newer titles, they dont really matter much.I did not play Multiplayer so I am not sure how well this game has retained a community but keep in mind this game was released in 2011.But I highly recommend playing this version if you have not played the series before. A shame that recommendation is harder to give for the final part of Ezios story, Revelations. Stay tuned for that review once I finish the game.