Continuing my revisiting of the Assassins Creed franchise, here comes AC Brotherhood! Having previously played this game on the PS3 when it launched back in 2010, I can say it was a fun revisit! Gameplay speaking, this Assassins Creed 2.5 adds more mechanics for playability, you can recruit assassins to join the Assassins cause.Brotherhood continues the trilogy story of Ezio Auditore da Firenze and now focus solely on Rome. The city is big, really big to explore. Although, even if it is quite big, I much preferred the different locations in AC2 than only being in Rome. There is a tons of collectibles in this game... too many for my taste. 101 Borgia Flags does unlock you the Borgia Cape, which sets the notoriety permanently at none. Same effects occurs if you completely rebuild Rome with renovations, you unlock the Auditore Cape. I had the Auditore Cape on my PlayStation 3 playthrough and it was satisfactory to go on a rampage without being chased by guards all the time. But youre more than likely to unlock that cape quite late in the game which makes it almost pointless.PROSStrong narrative, both in the present with Desmond Miles and in the Animus, Ezio Auditore da Firenze.Graphically improved compared to AC2 albeit contains visual glitches at times.Soundtrack is excellent and again, composed by Jesper Kyd.Same as AC2, the voice acting is solid.Improved combat system.More weapons and you can now carry heavy weapons.Recruiting and using assassins on targets.Multiplayer aint my fort in the AC franchise, but it is very original nonetheless.Ability to replay missions.High replay value.CONSUplay DRM.Horrendous WASD keyboard  mouse scheme. Play this game with a gamepad! I played Brotherhood with the Xbox One controller and it worked without any issues.AC Brotherhood feels like a big filler and not a proper sequel or expansion.Silly timer on pretty much every assassination missions. Very irritating!Some stupid requirements during missions like to not be seen or it causes desynchronisation.Draw distance in this game seems broken at times, especially when you see guards appearing right in front of you, i.e.Rome pretty much looks like the same anywhere you go in Italy.Steep learning curve for the Multiplayer mode.The cliffhanger ending is very irritating.Too many collectibles... however, once seen in Eagle Vision, it sticks on your map for later acquisition.Annoying Full synchronisation on missions / sidemissions that dont do anything except unlock Trophies PS3 or Achievements.OVERALLBrotherhood aint perfect for sure. But if you loved previous AC games, youll enjoy this game very much. If youre a newcomer in the AC franchise, you could love this game a lot as well but youre gonna feel lost in the story. My best advice, you better play the previous games or at least, get informed by reading / watching wikia and videos online or youre gonna feel completely off the track!This game adds a few great mechanics which is always welcomed. Although, I felt this game to be more of a filler than a sequel / expansion. It is a good filler that is well paced... right until the very end scene which leaves you in a cliffhanger!RECOMMENDATIONYes, I highly recommend this game for anyone loving this playstyle. The story is very interesting and you feel quite engaged with it as much as the past and the future events. My favorite AC game so far is still AC2 but Brotherhood continues on the same premise so you wont feel lost when playing it.RATING8.0 / 10And now, going to revisit AC Revelations... 