Assassins Creed Brotherhood continues right where Assassins Creed II finished, so if you havent played Assassins Creed II Id highly recommend playing that game first. Not only was it a good game, but its almost essential at this point to play it so you can understand the story. This may not seem important, but for me the story is the most intriguing element to the entire franchise.The gameplay continues to improve gameongame, but its pretty much the same mechanic weve seen since the first Assassins Creed game. Sure theyve removed the terribly rigid design to the missions where you MUST scale this tower before you can do anything else, and Im personally grateful they did this. However, overall the gameplay isnt that amazing. Its fun, sure, but at the same time its played its course now. Dont get me wrong, you can still scale the towers to remove the fog of war, but now its optional.In fact it works well within what is slowly becoming a very sandbox style world, and this is another area of the game Im starting to enjoy with each Assassins Creed game. Ubisoft seem to be aware of what people enjoyed from Assassins Creed II and disliked from Assassins Creed and have done a good job of doing more of the same, and removing the offending elements of gameplay.Gone are the insane amount of collectibles, and instead we have more Tombs/Lairs to explore, Glyphs to discover and solve and an entire city to manage. While these elements arent essential to complete the game, and at times they dont seem to to do much to the story at all and I personally found the city management side of the game to be over before it begun, its nice to see that there are options there for people who wish to slow things down and invest into the Assassins Creed world.Its not all roses though, there are a few elements to Brotherhood that confused me. Im hooked into the story, I want to know more, I want it to expand and progress, and sadly Assassins Creed Brotherhood never truly felt like it got going. It felt that it was one long prelude into Assassins Creed Revelations, with most of the Memory Segments feeling more like tutorials for the new gameplay mechanics or refreshing into franchise staple gameplay mechanics most of which any Assassins Creed fan would hopefully already be aware of. Its a minor fault, and if anything its something of a Ubisoft Trademark to have excessive gameplay hints/tips/tutorials throughout the game.It doesnt really distract from the game, but it does slow down the buzz and adrenaline that has built up after the huge climax to Assassins Creed II. Now that Ive finished the game, Im not too concerned about the lull as I can fool myself enough to believe it was perhaps intentional pacing to bring you backdown to build you back up for Brotherhoods ending which was decent.Yet, Im still left feeling what really happened during Ezios memory segments. I know who the main target was within the story, but you have so little interaction with them directly that you dont really focus on them unlike in Assassins Creed II where The Spaniard is referenced and featured in most segments.Sadly there is one element to the game that is lagging behind Assassins Creed II and thats the soundtrack. I was convinced it was a new composer as it just felt alien compared to the previous work of Jasper Kydd. I just couldnt connect to it.Also, once again the character modles have changed ever so slightly but strangely noticably. A minor point of annoyance.Overall Assassins Creed Brotherhood is a fun game, and somewhat fast paced almost to the point where it feels like its over before it even begun. If youre hooked into the series by this point Id recommend buying Brotherhood as it continues the story in an easy fun game. If you didnt really enjoy Assassins Creed II, I think its best you bow out of the series now and leave Brotherhood, as its more of the same.The characters are slowly developing, and the plot is thickening. I also know that some people dont enjoy the future tech side of the game, namely the areas outside of Ezio such as being Desmond and the whole Animus side of world. I personally enjoy the mix of history and SciFi within the game, so I dont find this to be a problem however for those who do find it a problem there is a somewhat large/significant portion of Brotherhood that centres around the adventures of Desmond, so again it might be best to avoid Assassins Creed Brotherhood. 