Its been a while since Ive revisited a relic of my younger days that used to keep me up late.Its only been 7 years since this game came out. My lack of age is really showing right now, isnt it?Yeah, Ill admit it, Assassins Creed Brotherhood is an old favorite of mine. My first game for my PlayStation 3 was Assassins Creed and this girl in my class let me borrow every subsequent AC release. I even asked her out. She said no. Im a lonely man. Anyways, lets review this game!Assassins Creed Brotherhood takes place exactly right after Assassins Creed II, both in Desmonds and Ezios storyline. Desmond is being hidden in a new location while the Templars keep hunting him and his Assassin gang down, while Ezio realizes the consequences of NOT killing the main villain of the last game and has to fight his much more evil and powerful son.The story in Brotherhood is... alright. There are some highlights here and there like saving Jesus from being crucified, disguising yourself and your battalion as French soldiers to infiltrate a fort, and especially the final level in Spain are some real standouts. But the interweaving drama between these climactic moments is pretty dull. Its like Lifetime entertainments take on what drama is. For some reason Claudia hates Ezio and La Volpe randomly doesnt trust Machiavelli. These subplots come out of nowhere and are so easily solved it makes you wonder why they were problems in the first place.While the story isnt Agrade material, what always attracted me to Brotherhood and had me replay it three times yes, this is my third time playing this bloody game in 7 years, was Rome. This is, in my opinion, one of the best Assassins Creed sandbox locations in their whole library. If anything even comes close to Rome, Id say its the Carribbean Sea from Black Flag, but thats a debate for another time and place. Rome has some real atmosphere to it.Rome feels like a dead city with real culture thats had a new culture come by and forcibly build their own monuments and villages on top of it. The poor live in the ruins of Roman architecture while the wealthy live in their Italian villas within the main city. Rome feels very interconnected and the music that changes whenever you go to different sections of the map gives the sandbox a truly unique flow. This is one of the most alive sandboxes Ive ever played in an open world game.Of course, a great sandbox doesnt carry a game. And, unfortunately, this is one of the greater faults of Brotherhood. As a sequel to Assassins Creed II it doesnt do a whole lot to improve the gameplay as a new installment. You can ride horses inside cities, maintain your own brotherhood, and have a new plethera of gadgets and gizmos at your disposal... but the core gameplay isnt changed that much so the new features feel really tacked on and make the game a fton easier.The new counter system breaks any challenge in combat you could ever have in these games. It ranks weapons in stores like theres a difference between weight, power, and deflection but you can kill the same amount of guards in a fight with just your bare fists because of the counter system. If you kill one guard you can chain kills until everyone lies dead around you. Wheres the challenge in that? Wheres the fun?The Brotherhood mechanic also takes away a lot of potential fun. You can now train assassins to go across the globe and perform various tasks... that you cant watch. And when they return you can have them kill your targets for you. But, again, where is the fun in that?That being said, the micromanaging you do through Rome by maintaining your Brotherhood, buying out businesses and ruins, and going on various sidequests always managed to latch its talons deep into my brain. Theres something about mindlessly running around and performing small tasks to accomplish a greater good that makes me forget about how mundane and terrible my own life is, and then I dont have to worry about the swirling abyss that is my inevitable death and I... oh god... no... NO! NOT AGAIN!ahem Assassins Creed Brotherhood is a precursor of what was to come to this franchise that has been slowly drained by Ubisoft to this day. They keep thinking that innovation is just adding some more sh on top of the formula and it works in this game. Assassins Creed II was more like the child in the front of the class that took notes and got a fair B for its great effort, while Brotherhood is sitting in the back and just follows its friends lead by barely scraping away with a C. And thats pretty much was Brotherhood is. Good... but not as good as Assassins Creed II. A decent experience that has lost its charm and magic it used to have over me as these years have passed. Im giving Assassins Creed Brotherhood a 6/10.