Assassins Creed Brotherhood offers modest but welcome improvements over the previous entry in the series, Assassins Creed II.Graphically, its very similar. I did notice a new day/night lighting cycle, and greater variety in character models around the city.However, the gameplay has been tuned significantly. I found the freerunning much smoother in this game I spent less time jumping accidentally against walls that I didnt mean to climb. Brotherhood seems to know where I want to go much better than AC2 did.But mechanics aside, its the new mission structure that really impressed me. Brotherhood takes a lesson from the Grand Theft Auto series  the city of Rome is huge, and theres always something nearby that you can get involved with. The major missions come more naturally you dont feel funneled towards them in Brotherhood like you do in AC2. You can take them on early, or muck around in the city for a long while before addressing the major story.And  the story. The Assassins Creed storyline is still wonderful, and improves in Brotherhood. The cut scenes are wellbalanced so they dont dominate gameplay. The body models are expressive and evocative, and the voice acting is excellent. I find that I really care about these characters and whats happening in the story. Also, Brotherhood really improves Desmonds metastory.Last comment  Assassins Creed has the best cities in video games, hands down. Brotherhood takes place almost exclusively in Rome during the renaissance. The city and nearby countryside is massive! But the attention to detail is remarkable. You see different NPC character models in different parts of the city, and they change between night and day. People mill about in a realistic fashion some have places to be, others chat in the shade. The ambient noise is fantastic. And never a loading screen as you move about.So... Assassins Creed Brotherhood is over 4 years old as I write this, so I doubt Ill convince anyone to play it who hasnt already. But it looks great, plays great on PC with a controller, and really delivers a satisfying experience. Its definitely worth your time.